<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_1733998_0001733998-23-000009.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>25529076</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1512474</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3797410</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9188264</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5693906</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4832966</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>23</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001733998-23-000009.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224155540
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001733998-23-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		128
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Northwest Natural Holding Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001733998
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS DISTRIBUTION [4924]
		IRS NUMBER:				824710680
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OR
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38681
		FILM NUMBER:		23666715

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 SW TAYLOR STREET
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97204
		BUSINESS PHONE:		503-226-4211

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 SW TAYLOR STREET
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97204

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NORTHWEST NATURAL GAS CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000073020
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS DISTRIBUTION [4924]
		IRS NUMBER:				930256722
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OR
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15973
		FILM NUMBER:		23666716

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 SW TAYLOR STREET
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97204
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5032264211

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 SW TAYLOR STREET
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97204

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001733998-23-000009.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 nwn-20221231.htm
 10-K

nwn-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ___________ to___________ 
 Commission file number Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Registrant 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange 
 on which registered 
 Northwest Natural Holding Company Northwest Natural Gas Company None None None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. NORTHWEST NATURAL HOLDING COMPANY No NORTHWEST NATURAL GAS COMPANY Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. NORTHWEST NATURAL HOLDING COMPANY Yes NORTHWEST NATURAL GAS COMPANY Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. NORTHWEST NATURAL HOLDING COMPANY No NORTHWEST NATURAL GAS COMPANY No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). NORTHWEST NATURAL HOLDING COMPANY No NORTHWEST NATURAL GAS COMPANY No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. NORTHWEST NATURAL HOLDING COMPANY NORTHWEST NATURAL GAS COMPANY Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. NORTHWEST NATURAL HOLDING COMPANY Yes No NORTHWEST NATURAL GAS COMPANY Yes No If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). NORTHWEST NATURAL HOLDING COMPANY Yes No NORTHWEST NATURAL GAS COMPANY Yes No 

As of the end of the second quarter of 2022, the aggregate market value of the shares of Common Stock of Northwest Natural Holding Company (based upon the closing price of these shares on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022) held by non-affiliates was . 
 
 At February 16, 2023, shares of Northwest Natural Holding Company's Common Stock (the only class of Common Stock) were outstanding. All shares of Northwest Natural Gas Company's Common Stock (the only class of Common Stock) outstanding were held by Northwest Natural Holding Company. 
 
 This combined Form 10-K is separately filed by Northwest Natural Holding Company and Northwest Natural Gas Company. Information contained in this document relating to Northwest Natural Gas Company is filed by Northwest Natural Holding Company and separately by Northwest Natural Gas Company. Northwest Natural Gas Company makes no representation as to information relating to Northwest Natural Holding Company or its subsidiaries, except as it may relate to Northwest Natural Gas Company and its subsidiaries. 
 
 Northwest Natural Gas Company meets the conditions set forth in General Instruction (I)(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K and is therefore filing this report with the reduced disclosure format. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Item Page Glossary of Terms and Abbreviations 
 4 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 7 
 PART I Item 1. Business 
 9 
 Overview 
 9 
 Business Model 
 9 
 Natural Gas Distribution 
 9 
 Other 
 14 
 Environmental Matters 
 15 
 Human Capital 
 16 
 Information About Our Executive Officers 
 17 
 Available Information 
 17 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 18 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 32 
 Item 2. Properties 
 32 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 33 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 33 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer 
 Purchases of Equity Securities 
 33 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 33 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 34 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 69 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 71 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 136 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 136 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 136 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 133 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 137 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 139 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 139 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 141 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 141 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 141 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 141 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 142 
 SIGNATURES 
 147 
 
 3 

GLOSSARY OF TERMS AND ABBREVIATIONS 
 
 ACC Arizona Corporation Commission; the entity that regulates NW Holdings' regulated water and wastewater businesses in Arizona with respect to rates and terms of service, among other matters AFUDC Allowance for Funds Used During Construction AOCI / AOCL Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) AMP Arrearage Management Program ASC Accounting Standards Codification ASU Accounting Standards Update as issued by the FASB Average Weather The 25-year average of heating degree days based on temperatures established in our last Oregon general rate case Bcf Billion cubic feet, a volumetric measure of natural gas, where one Bcf is roughly equal to 10 million therms CAP Compliance Assurance Process with the Internal Revenue Service CCA Climate Commitment Act enacted by the State of Washington CNG Compressed Natural Gas CODM Chief Operating Decision Maker, which for accounting purposes is defined as an individual or group of individuals responsible for the allocation of resources and assessing the performance of the entity's business units Core NGD Customers Residential, commercial, and industrial customers receiving firm service from the Natural Gas Distribution business Cost of Gas The delivered cost of natural gas sold to customers, including the cost of gas purchased or withdrawn/produced from storage inventory or reserves, gains and losses from gas commodity hedges, pipeline demand costs, seasonal demand cost balancing adjustments, renewable thermal certificate costs and regulatory gas cost deferrals 
 CPP Climate Protection Program established by the Environmental Quality Commission of the Oregon Department of Environmental Quality Decoupling A natural gas billing rate mechanism, also referred to as a conservation tariff, which is designed to allow a utility to encourage residential and small commercial customers to conserve energy Degree Day The number of degrees that the average outdoor temperature falls below or exceeds a base value in a given period of time Demand Cost A component in NGD customer rates representing the cost of securing firm pipeline capacity, whether the capacity is used or not ECRM Environmental Cost Recovery Mechanism, a billing rate mechanism for recovering prudently incurred environmental site remediation costs allocable to Washington customers through NGD customer billings EE/CA Engineering Evaluation / Cost Analysis Encana Encana Oil Gas (USA) Inc. Energy Corp Northwest Energy Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Northwest Natural Gas Company EPA Environmental Protection Agency EPS Earnings per share ERP Enterprise Resource Planning ESPP Employee Stock Purchase Plan FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FERC Federal Energy Regulatory Commission; the entity regulating interstate storage services offered by the Mist gas storage facility Firm Service Natural gas service offered to customers under contracts or rate schedules that will not be disrupted to meet the needs of other customers FMBs First Mortgage Bonds General Rate Case A periodic filing with state or federal regulators to establish billing rates for utility customers GHG Greenhouse gases GTN Gas Transmission Northwest, LLC which owns a transmission pipeline serving California and the Pacific Northwest Interruptible Service Natural gas service offered to customers (usually large commercial or industrial users) under contracts or rate schedules that allow for interruptions when necessary to meet the needs of firm service customers 
 4 

Interstate Storage Services The portion of the Mist gas storage facility not used to serve NGD customers, instead serving utilities, gas marketers, electric generators, and large industrial users IPUC Public Utility Commission of Idaho; the entity that regulates NW Holdings' regulated water businesses in Idaho with respect to rates and terms of service, among other matters IRA Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRP Integrated Resource Plan KB Kelso-Beaver Pipeline, of which 10 is owned by KB Pipeline Company, a subsidiary of NNG Financial Corporation LIBOR London Interbank Offered Rate LNG Liquefied Natural Gas, the cryogenic liquid form of natural gas. To reach a liquid form at atmospheric pressure, natural gas must be cooled to approximately negative 260 degrees Fahrenheit LTIP Long Term Incentive Plan Moody's Moody's Investors Service, Inc., credit rating agency NAV Net Asset Value NGD Natural Gas Distribution, a segment of Northwest Natural Holding Company and Northwest Natural Gas Company that provides regulated natural gas distribution services to residential, commercial, and industrial customers in Oregon and Southwest Washington NGD Margin A financial measure used by NW Natural's CODM consisting of NGD operating revenues less the associated cost of gas, revenue taxes, and environmental recoveries NNG Financial NNG Financial Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of NW Holdings NOL Net Operating Loss NRD Natural Resource Damages NW Holdings Northwest Natural Holding Company NW Natural Northwest Natural Gas Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of NW Holdings NW Natural Renewables NW Natural Renewables Holdings, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of NW Holdings NWN Energy NW Natural Energy, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of NW Holdings NWN Gas Reserves NWN Gas Reserves LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Energy Corp NWN Gas Storage NW Natural Gas Storage, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of NWN Energy NWN Water NW Natural Water Company, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of NW Holdings ODEQ Oregon Department of Environmental Quality OPEIU Office and Professional Employees International Union Local No. 11, AFL-CIO, the Union which represents NW Natural's bargaining unit employees OPUC Public Utility Commission of Oregon; the entity that regulates our Oregon natural gas and regulated water businesses with respect to rates and terms of service, among other matters; the OPUC also regulates the Mist gas storage facility's intrastate storage services PBGC Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation PGA Purchased Gas Adjustment, a regulatory mechanism primarily used to adjust natural gas customer rates to reflect changes in the forecasted cost of gas and differences between forecasted and actual gas costs from the prior year PHMSA U.S. Department of Transportation's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration PRP Potentially Responsible Parties PUCT Public Utility Commission of Texas; the entity that regulates NW Holdings' regulated water and wastewater businesses in Texas with respect to rates and terms of service, among other matters RI/FS Remedial Investigation / Feasibility Study RNG Renewable Natural Gas, a source of natural gas derived from organic materials which may be captured, refined, and distributed on natural gas pipeline systems RNG Hold Co NW Natural RNG Holding Company, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Northwest Natural Gas Company ROD Record of Decision ROE Return on Equity, a measure of corporate profitability, calculated as net income or loss divided by average common equity. Authorized ROE refers to the equity rate approved by a regulatory agency for use in determining utility revenue requirements ROR Rate of Return, a measure of return on utility rate base. Authorized ROR refers to the rate of return approved by a regulatory agency and is generally discussed in the context of ROE and capital structure RSU Restricted Stock Unit 
 5 

RTC Renewable Thermal Certificate S P Standard Poor's Financial Services LLC, a credit rating agency and a subsidiary of S P Global Inc. Sales Service Service provided whereby a customer purchases both natural gas commodity supply and transportation from the NGD business SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate SRRM Site Remediation and Recovery Mechanism, a billing rate mechanism for recovering prudently incurred environmental site remediation costs allocable to Oregon through NGD customer billings, subject to an earnings test Therm The basic unit of natural gas measurement, equal to one hundred thousand British thermal units Transportation Service Service provided whereby a customer purchases natural gas directly from a supplier but pays the utility to transport the gas over its distribution system to the customer s facility TSA Transportation Security Administration U.S. GAAP Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America WARM An Oregon billing rate mechanism applied to natural gas residential and commercial customers to adjust for temperature variances from average weather WUTC Washington Utilities and Transportation Commission, the entity that regulates our Washington natural gas and regulated water businesses with respect to rates and terms of service, among other matters 
 6 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to the safe harbors created by such Act. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as anticipates, assumes, may, intends, plans, projects, seeks, believes, estimates, expects, will, could, and similar references (including the negatives thereof) to future periods, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the following: 
 plans, projections and predictions; 
 objectives, goals, visions or strategies; 
 assumptions, generalizations and estimates; 
 ongoing continuation of past practices or patterns; 
 future events or performance; 
 trends; 
 risks; 
 uncertainties; 
 timing and cyclicality; 
 economic conditions, including impacts of inflation and interest rates, recessionary risk, and general economic uncertainty; 
 earnings and dividends; 
 capital expenditures and allocation; 
 capital markets or access to capital; 
 capital or organizational structure; 
 matters related to climate change and our role in decarbonization or a low-carbon future; 
 renewable natural gas, environmental attributes related thereto, and hydrogen; 
 our strategy to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and the efficacy of communicating that strategy to shareholders, investors, stakeholders and communities; 
 the policies and priorities of the current presidential administration and U.S. Congress; 
 growth; 
 customer rates; 
 pandemic and related illness or quarantine, including COVID-19 and related variants and subvariants, and, economic conditions related thereto or resulting therefrom; 
 labor relations and workforce succession; 
 commodity costs; 
 desirability and cost competitiveness of natural gas; 
 gas reserves; 
 operational performance and costs; 
 energy policy, infrastructure and preferences; 
 public policy approach and involvement; 
 efficacy of derivatives and hedges; 
 liquidity, financial positions, and planned securities issuances; 
 valuations; 
 project and program development, expansion, or investment; 
 business development efforts, including new business lines such as unregulated renewable natural gas, and acquisitions and integration thereof; 
 implementation and execution of our water strategy; 
 pipeline capacity, demand, location, and reliability; 
 adequacy of property rights and operations center development; 
 technology implementation and cybersecurity practices; 
 competition; 
 procurement and development of gas (including renewable natural gas) and water supplies; 
 estimated expenditures, supply chain and third party availability and impairment; 
 supply chain disruptions; 
 costs of compliance, and our ability to include those costs in rates; 
 customers bypassing our infrastructure; 
 credit exposures; 
 uncollectible account amounts; 
 rate or regulatory outcomes, recovery or refunds, and the availability of public utility commissions to take action; 
 impacts or changes of executive orders, laws, rules and regulations, or legal challenges related thereto, including the Inflation Reduction Act or other energy climate related legislation; 
 tax liabilities or refunds, including effects of tax legislation; 
 levels and pricing of gas storage contracts and gas storage markets; 
 outcomes, timing and effects of potential claims, litigation, regulatory actions, and other administrative matters; 
 projected obligations, expectations and treatment with respect to, and the impact of new legislation on, retirement plans; 
 international, federal, state, and local efforts to regulate, in a variety of ways, greenhouse gas emissions, and the effects of those efforts; 
 7 

geopolitical factors, such as the Russia/Ukraine conflict; 
 availability, adequacy, and shift in mix, of gas and water supplies; 
 effects of new or anticipated changes in critical accounting policies or estimates; 
 approval and adequacy of regulatory deferrals; 
 effects and efficacy of regulatory mechanisms; and 
 environmental, regulatory, litigation and insurance costs and recoveries, and timing thereof. 
 
 Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions regarding our business, the economy, and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Our actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements. We therefore caution you against relying on any of these forward-looking statements. They are neither statements of historical fact nor guarantees or assurances of future performance. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are discussed at Item 1A., "Risk Factors" of Part I and Item 7. and Item 7A., "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk", respectively, of Part II of this report. 
 
 Any forward-looking statement made in this report speaks only as of the date on which it is made. Factors or events that could cause actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as may be required by law. 
 8 

PART I 
 
 FILING FORMAT 
 
 This annual report on Form 10-K is a combined report being filed by two separate registrants: Northwest Natural Holding Company (NW Holdings), and Northwest Natural Gas Company (NW Natural). Except where the content clearly indicates otherwise, any reference in the report to "we," "us" or "our" is to the consolidated entity of NW Holdings and all of its subsidiaries, including NW Natural, which is a distinct SEC registrant that is a wholly-owned subsidiary of NW Holdings. Each of NW Holdings' subsidiaries is a separate legal entity with its own assets and liabilities. Information contained herein relating to any individual registrant or its subsidiaries is filed by such registrant on its own behalf. Each registrant makes representations only as to itself and its subsidiaries and makes no other representation whatsoever as to any other company. 
 
 Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K includes separate financial statements (i.e. balance sheets, statements of comprehensive income, statements of cash flows, and statements of equity) for NW Holdings and NW Natural, in that order. References in this discussion to the "Notes" are to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report. The Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are presented on a combined basis for both entities except where expressly noted otherwise. All Items other than Item 8 are combined for the reporting companies. 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

OVERVIEW 
 
 NW Holdings is a holding company headquartered in Portland, Oregon and owns NW Natural, NW Natural Water Company, LLC (NWN Water), NW Natural Renewables Holdings, LLC, a non-regulated subsidiary established to pursue non-regulated renewable natural gas activities, and other businesses and activities. NW Natural is NW Holdings largest subsidiary. 
 
 NW Natural distributes natural gas to residential, commercial, and industrial customers in Oregon and southwest Washington. NW Natural and its predecessors have supplied gas service to the public since 1859, was incorporated in Oregon in 1910, and began doing business as NW Natural in 1997. NW Natural's natural gas distribution activities are reported in the natural gas distribution (NGD) segment. All other business activities, including certain gas storage activities, water and wastewater businesses, non-regulated renewable natural gas activities and other investments and activities are aggregated and reported as "other" at their respective registrant. 

NATURAL GAS DISTRIBUTION (NGD) SEGMENT 
 
 Both NW Holdings and NW Natural have one reportable segment, the NGD segment, which is operated by NW Natural. NGD provides natural gas service through approximately 795,000 meters in Oregon and southwest Washington. Approximately 88 of customers are located in Oregon and 12 are located in southwest Washington. 
 
 NW Natural has been allocated an exclusive service territory by the Oregon Public Utility Commission (OPUC) and Washington Utilities and Transportation Commission (WUTC), which includes the major population centers in western Oregon, including the Portland metropolitan area, most of the Willamette Valley, the Coastal area from Astoria to Coos Bay, and portions of Washington along the Columbia River. Major businesses located in NW Natural's service territory include retail, manufacturing, and high-technology industries. 
 
 Customers 
 The NGD business serves residential, commercial, and industrial customers with no individual customer accounting for more than 10 of NW Natural's or NW Holdings' revenues. On an annual basis, residential and commercial customers typically account for approximately 60 of NGD volumes delivered and approximately 90 of NGD margin. Industrial and other customers largely account for the remaining volumes and margin. 
 
 The following table presents summary meter information for the NGD segment as of December 31, 2022: 
 Number of Meters of Volumes of Margin Residential 724,287 38 65 Commercial 69,139 23 25 Industrial 1,071 39 7 Other (1) 
 N/A N/A 3 Total 794,497 100 100 
 (1) NGD margin is also affected by other items, including miscellaneous revenues, gains or losses from NW Natural's gas cost incentive sharing mechanism, other margin adjustments, and other regulated services. 
 9 

Generally, residential and commercial customers purchase both their natural gas commodity (gas sales) and natural gas delivery services (transportation services) from the NGD business. Industrial customers also purchase transportation services, but may buy the gas commodity either from NW Natural or directly from a third-party gas marketer or supplier. Gas commodity cost is primarily a pass-through cost to customers; therefore, profit margins are not significantly affected by an industrial customer's decision to purchase gas from NW Natural or from third parties. Industrial and large commercial customers may also select between firm and interruptible service levels, with firm services generally providing higher profit margins compared to interruptible services. 
 
 To help manage gas supplies, industrial tariffs are designed to provide some certainty regarding industrial customers' volumes by requiring an annual service election, special rates or possible restrictions for changes between elections, and in some cases, a minimum or maximum volume requirement before changing options. 
 
 We estimate natural gas was in approximately 63 of single-family residential homes in NW Natural's service territory in 2022. Customer growth in our region comes mainly from the following sources: single-family housing, both new construction and conversions; multifamily housing new construction; and commercial buildings, both new construction and conversions. Single-family new construction has consistently been our largest source of growth. Continued customer growth is closely tied to consumer preference for natural gas, the comparative price of natural gas to electricity and fuel oil, regulations and building codes permitting the use of natural gas in new construction and conversions, and the economic health of our service territory. 
 
 Competitive Conditions 
 In its service areas, the NGD business has no direct competition from other natural gas distributors. However, it competes with other forms of energy in each customer class. This competition among energy suppliers is based on price, efficiency, reliability, performance, preference, market conditions, building codes, technology, federal, state, and local energy policy, and environmental impacts. 
 
 For residential and small to mid-size commercial customers, the NGD business competes primarily with providers of electricity, fuel oil, and propane. 
 
 In the industrial and large commercial markets, the NGD business competes with all forms of energy, including competition from wholesale natural gas marketers. In addition, large industrial customers could bypass NW Natural's natural gas distribution system by installing their own direct pipeline connection to the interstate pipeline system. NW Natural has designed custom transportation service agreements with several large industrial customers to provide transportation service rates that are competitive with the customer s costs of installing their own pipeline. 
 
 Seasonality of Business 
 The NGD business is seasonal in nature due to higher gas usage by residential and commercial customers during the cold winter heating months. Other categories of customers experience similar seasonality in their usage but to a lesser extent. 
 
 Regulation and Rates 
 The NGD business is subject to regulation by the OPUC and WUTC. These regulatory agencies authorize rates and allow recovery mechanisms to provide the opportunity to recover prudently incurred capital and operating costs from customers, while also earning a reasonable return on investment for investors. In addition, the OPUC and WUTC also regulate the system of accounts and issuance of securities by NW Natural. 
 
 NW Natural files general rate cases and rate tariff requests periodically with the OPUC and WUTC to establish approved rates, an authorized return on equity (ROE), an overall rate of return (ROR) on rate base, an authorized capital structure, and other revenue/cost deferral and recovery mechanisms. 
 
 NW Natural is also regulated by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC). Under NW Natural's Mist interstate storage certificate with FERC, NW Natural is required to file either a petition for rate approval or a cost and revenue study every five years to change or justify maintaining the existing rates for the interstate storage service. 
 
 For further discussion on our most recent general rate cases, see Part II, Item 7, "Results of Operations Regulatory Matters Regulation and Rates ." 
 
 Gas Supply 
 NW Natural strives to secure sufficient, reliable supplies of natural gas to meet the needs of customers at the lowest reasonable cost, while maintaining price stability, managing gas purchase costs prudently and supporting our core value of environmental stewardship. This is accomplished through a comprehensive strategy focused on the following items: 
 Reliability - ensuring gas resource portfolios are sufficient to satisfy customer requirements under extreme cold weather conditions; 
 Diverse Supply - providing diversity of supply sources; 
 Diverse Contracts - maintaining a variety of contract durations, types, and counterparties; 
 Cost Management and Recovery - employing prudent gas cost management strategies; and 
 10 

Environmental Stewardship - striving to reduce the carbon content and environmental impacts of the energy we deliver. 
 
 Reliability 
 To support system reliability, the NGD business has developed a risk-based methodology in which it uses a planning standard to serve the highest firm sales demand day in any year with 99 certainty. 
 
 The projected maximum design day firm NGD customer sales is approximately 10 million therms. Of this total, the NGD business is currently capable of meeting approximately 50 of the requirements with gas from storage located within or adjacent to its service territory, while the remaining supply requirements would come from gas purchases under firm gas purchase contracts and recall agreements. 
 
 NW Natural segments transportation capacity, which is a natural gas transportation mechanism under which a shipper can leverage its firm pipeline transportation capacity by separating it into multiple segments with alternate delivery routes. The reliability of service on these alternate routes will vary depending on the constraints of the pipeline system. For those segments with acceptable reliability, segmentation provides a shipper with increased flexibility and potential cost savings compared to traditional pipeline service. The NGD business relies on segmentation of firm pipeline transportation capacity that flows from Stanfield, Oregon to various points south of Molalla, Oregon. 
 
 We believe gas supplies would be sufficient to meet existing NGD firm customer demand in the event of maximum design day weather conditions. 
 
 The following table shows the sources of supply projected to be used to satisfy the design day sales for the 2022-23 winter heating season: 
 Therms in millions Therms Percent Sources of NGD supply: Firm supply purchases 3.4 34 Mist underground storage (NGD only) 3.1 30 Company-owned LNG storage 1.9 19 Off-system storage contract 0.5 5 Pipeline segmentation capacity 0.6 6 Recall agreements 0.4 4 Peak day citygate deliveries 0.2 2 Total 10.1 100 
 
 The OPUC and WUTC have Integrated Resource Planning (IRP) processes in which utilities define different future scenarios and corresponding resource and compliance strategies in an effort to evaluate supply and demand resource and compliance requirements, consider uncertainties in the planning process and the need for flexibility to respond to changes, and establish a plan for providing reliable service while meeting carbon compliance obligations within frameworks that emphasize least cost and risk. 
 
 NW Natural generally files a full IRP biennially for Oregon and Washington with the OPUC and the WUTC, respectively, and files updates in Oregon between filings. The OPUC acknowledges NW Natural's action plan, whereas the WUTC provides notice that the IRP has met the requirements of the Washington Administrative Code. OPUC acknowledgment of the IRP does not constitute ratemaking approval of any specific resource acquisition strategy or expenditure. For additional information see Part II, Item 7, "Results of Operations Regulatory Matters ." 
 
 Diversity of Supply Sources 
 NW Natural purchases gas supplies primarily from the Alberta and British Columbia provinces of Canada and multiple receipt points in the U.S. Rocky Mountains to protect against regional supply disruptions and to take advantage of price differentials. For 2022, 60 of gas supply came from Canada, with the balance primarily coming from the U.S. Rocky Mountain region. The extraction of shale gas has increased the availability of gas supplies throughout North America. We believe gas supplies available in the western United States and Canada are adequate to serve NGD customer requirements for the foreseeable future. NW Natural continues to evaluate the long-term supply mix based on projections of gas production and pricing in the U.S. Rocky Mountain region as well as other regions in North America. 
 
 NW Natural supplements firm gas supply purchases with gas withdrawals from gas storage facilities, including underground reservoirs and LNG storage facilities. Storage facilities are generally injected with natural gas during the off-peak months in the spring and summer, and the gas is withdrawn for use during peak demand months in the winter. 
 11 

The following table presents the storage facilities available for NGD business supply: 
 Maximum Daily Deliverability (therms in millions) Designed Storage Capacity (Bcf) Gas Storage Facilities Owned Facility Mist, Oregon (Mist Facility) (1) 
 3.1 11.7 Mist, Oregon (North Mist Facility) (2) 
 1.3 4.1 Contracted Facility Jackson Prairie, Washington (3) 
 0.5 1.1 LNG Facilities Owned Facilities Newport, Oregon 0.6 1.0 Portland, Oregon 1.3 0.6 Total 6.8 18.5 
 (1) The Mist gas storage facility has a total maximum daily deliverability of 5.1 million therms and a total designed storage capacity of about 17.5 Bcf, of which 3.1 million therms of daily deliverability and 11.7 Bcf of storage capacity are reserved for NGD business customers. 
 (2) The North Mist facility is contracted to exclusively serve Portland General Electric, a local electric utility, and may not be used to serve other NGD customers. See " North Mist Gas Storage Facility " below for more information. 
 (3) The storage facility is located near Chehalis, Washington and is contracted from Northwest Pipeline, a subsidiary of The Williams Companies. 
 
 The Mist facility serves NGD segment customers and is also used for non-NGD purposes, primarily for contracts with gas storage customers, including utilities and third-party marketers. Under regulatory agreements with the OPUC and WUTC, gas storage at Mist can be developed in advance of NGD customer needs but is subject to recall when needed to serve such customers as their demand increases. When storage capacity is recalled for NGD purposes it becomes part of the NGD segment. In 2022, the NGD business did not recall additional deliverability or associated storage capacity to serve customer needs. The North Mist facility is contracted for the exclusive use of Portland General Electric, a local electric utility, and may not be used to serve other NGD customers. See " North Mist Gas Storage Facility " below. 
 
 Diverse Contract Durations and Types 
 NW Natural has a diverse portfolio of short-, medium-, and long-term firm gas supply contracts and a variety of contract types including firm and interruptible supplies as well as supplemental supplies from gas storage facilities. 
 
 The portfolio of firm gas supply contracts typically includes the following gas purchase contracts: year-round and winter-only baseload supplies; seasonal supply with an option to call on additional daily supplies during the winter heating season; and daily or monthly spot purchases. 
 
 During 2022, a total of 886 million therms were purchased under contracts with durations as follows: 
 Contract Duration (primary term) Percent of Purchases Long-term (one year or longer) 29 Short-term (more than one month, less than one year) 34 Spot (one month or less) 37 Total 100 
 
 Gas supply contracts are renewed or replaced as they expire. During 2022, there was one supplier that provided 10 of the NGD business gas supply requirements. No other individual supplier provided 10 or more of the NGD business gas supply requirements. 
 
 Gas Cost Management 
 The cost of gas sold to NGD customers primarily consists of the following items, which are included in annual Purchased Gas Adjustment (PGA) rates: gas purchases from suppliers; charges from pipeline companies to transport gas to our distribution system; gas storage costs; gas reserves contracts; gas commodity derivative contracts; and renewable natural gas and its attributes, including renewable thermal certificates (RTCs). We expect that costs to comply with Oregon's Climate Protection Program (CPP) and Washington's Climate Commitment Act (CCA) programs will be included in the cost of gas. 
 
 12 

The NGD business employs a number of strategies to mitigate the cost of gas sold to customers. The primary strategies for managing gas commodity price risk include: 
 negotiating fixed prices directly with gas suppliers; 
 negotiating financial derivative contracts that: (1) effectively convert floating index prices in physical gas supply contracts to fixed prices (referred to as commodity price swaps); or (2) effectively set a ceiling or floor price, or both, on floating index priced physical supply contracts (referred to as commodity price options such as calls, puts, and collars); 
 buying physical gas supplies at a set price and injecting the gas into storage for price stability and to minimize pipeline capacity demand costs; and 
 investing in gas reserves for longer term price stability. See Note 13 for additional information about our gas reserves. 
 
 NW Natural also contracts with an independent energy marketing company to capture opportunities regarding storage and pipeline capacity when those assets are not serving the needs of NGD business customers. Asset management activities provide opportunities for cost of gas savings for customers and incremental revenues for NW Natural through regulatory incentive-sharing mechanisms. These activities, net of the amount shared, are included in other for segment reporting purposes. 
 
 Gas Cost Recovery 
 Mechanisms for gas cost recovery are designed to be fair and reasonable, with an appropriate balance between the interests of customers and NW Natural. In general, natural gas distribution rates are designed to recover the costs of, but not to earn a return on, the gas commodity sold. Risks associated with gas cost recovery are minimized by resetting customer rates annually through the PGA and aligning customer and shareholder interests through the use of sharing, weather normalization, and conservation mechanisms in Oregon. See Part II, Item 7, "Results of Operations Regulatory Matters " and "Results of Operations Business Segments Natural Gas Distribution Operations Cost of Gas " . 
 
 Environmental Stewardship 
 Part of our gas supply strategy is working to reduce the carbon content and the environmental impacts of the energy we deliver. To that end, NW Natural developed and implemented an emissions screening tool that uses Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) data to calculate the relative emissions intensity of gas producer operations and prioritize purchases from lower emitting producers. In 2019, we began using this emissions intensity screening tool alongside other purchasing criteria such as price, credit worthiness and geographic diversity. The result has been a cost-neutral way to reduce carbon emissions associated with our natural gas supply. 
 
 NW Natural is focused on taking steps to lower its emissions on behalf of customers by purchasing environmental attributes that are generated by the production of renewable natural gas (RNG). Under Oregon Senate Bill 98, NW Natural can purchase or invest in RNG facilities, which generate these environmental attributes known as Renewable Thermal Certificates (RTCs). The RTCs work like renewable energy certificates, or RECs, used in electricity markets. RTCs are verified and certified by the Midwest Renewable Energy Tracking System (M-RETS). The M-RETS Renewable Thermal Tracking System issues one RTC for every dekatherm of RNG injected into the gas system. NW Natural enters into contracts for the purchase of RNG and RTCs either through periodic request for proposals or through formal offerings or informal requests. See Part II, Item 7, "Results of Operations Regulatory Matters ". 
 
 In addition to purchases of RNG, NW Natural is subject to the carbon-reduction requirements of the Oregon CPP and the Washington CCA programs. NW Natural has modeled pathways to compliance with the CPP and CCA in its most recent IRP, which are currently under review by the OPUC and WUTC. While costs associated with each possible compliance pathway differ, we intend to pursue recovery of the costs associated with these programs in rates. 
 
 Transportation of Gas Supplies 
 NW Natural's gas distribution system is reliant on a single, bi-directional interstate transmission pipeline to bring gas supplies into the natural gas distribution system. Although dependent on a single pipeline, the pipeline s gas flows into the Portland metropolitan market from two directions: (1) the north, which brings supplies from the British Columbia and Alberta supply basins; and (2) the east, which brings supplies from Alberta as well as the U.S. Rocky Mountain supply basins. 
 
 NW Natural incurs monthly demand charges related to firm pipeline transportation contracts. These contracts have expiration dates ranging from 2023 to 2061. The largest pipeline agreements are with Northwest Pipeline. NW Natural actively works with Northwest Pipeline and others to renew contracts in advance of expiration to ensure gas transportation capacity is sufficient to meet customer needs. 
 
 Rates for interstate pipeline transportation services are established by FERC within the U.S. and by Canadian authorities for services on Canadian pipelines. 
 
 Gas Distribution 
 Safety and the protection of employees, customers, and our communities are, and will remain, top priorities. NW Natural constructs, operates, and maintains its pipeline distribution system and storage operations with the goal of ensuring natural gas is delivered and stored safely, reliably, and efficiently. 
 13 

NW Natural has one of the most modern distribution systems in the country with no identified cast iron pipe or bare steel main. Since the 1980s, NW Natural has taken a proactive approach to replacement programs and partnered with the OPUC and WUTC on progressive regulation to further safety and reliability efforts for the distribution system. In the past, NW Natural had a cost recovery program in Oregon that encompassed programs for cast iron replacement, bare steel replacement, transmission integrity management, and distribution integrity management programs as appropriate. 
 
 Natural gas distribution businesses are likely to be subject to greater federal and state regulation in the future. Additional operating and safety regulations from the U.S. Department of Transportation s Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA) are currently under development. In 2016, PHMSA issued a notice of proposed rulemaking titled the "Safety of Gas Transmission Pipelines: MAOP Reconfirmation, Expansion of Assessment Requirements, and Other Related Amendments." In 2019, PHMSA issued the first of three portions of the rulemaking which went into effect on July 1, 2020 and includes up to a 15-year timeline for compliance. The second portion of the rule known as the gas gathering rule was issued in late 2021, and final rulemaking titled "The Safety of Gas Transmission Pipelines: Repair Criteria, Integrity Management Improvements, Cathodic Protection, Management of Change, and Other Related Amendments" was issued in August 2022. A Gas Pipeline Leak Detection rule is expected to be issued in 2023. NW Natural intends to continue to work diligently with industry associations as well as federal and state regulators to support the safety of the system and compliance with new laws and regulations. We expect the costs associated with compliance with federal, state, and local laws and regulations to be recovered in rates. 
 
 North Mist Gas Storage Facility 
 In May 2019, NW Natural completed an expansion of its existing gas storage facility near Mist, Oregon. The North Mist facility provides long-term, no-notice underground gas storage service and is dedicated solely to Portland General Electric (PGE) under a 30-year contract with options to extend up to an additional 50 years upon mutual agreement of the parties. PGE uses the facility to fuel its gas-fired electric power generation facilities, which backs up PGE's variable load of renewable energy on the electric grid. 
 
 North Mist includes a reservoir providing 4.1 Bcf of available storage, an additional compressor station with a contractual capacity of 120,000 dekatherms of gas deliverability per day, no-notice service that can be drawn on rapidly, and a 13-mile pipeline to connect to PGE's Port Westward gas plants in Clatskanie, Oregon. 
 
 Upon placement into service in May 2019, the facility was included in rate base under an established tariff schedule with revenues recognized consistent with the schedule. Billing rates are updated annually to the forecasted depreciable asset level and forecasted operating expenses. 
 
 While there are additional expansion opportunities in the Mist storage field, any expansion would be based on market demand, cost effectiveness, available financing, receipt of future permits, and other rights. 

OTHER 
 
 Certain businesses and activities of NW Holdings and NW Natural are aggregated and reported as other for segment reporting purposes. 
 
 NW Natural 
 The following businesses and activities are aggregated and reported as other under NW Natural, a wholly-owned subsidiary of NW Holdings: 
 5.8 Bcf of the Mist gas storage facility contracted to other utilities and third-party marketers; 
 natural gas asset management activities; and 
 appliance retail center operations. 
 
 Mist Gas Storage 
 The Mist gas storage facility began operations in 1989. It is a 17.5 Bcf facility with 11.7 Bcf used to provide gas storage for the NGD business. The remaining 5.8 Bcf of the facility is contracted with other utilities and third-party marketers with these results reported in other. In 2022, NW Natural utilized 0.5 Bcf of increased storage capacity realized through reservoir expansion during more than 15 years of delta pressure operations. This change increased the working gas capacity from 17.0 Bcf in 2021 to 17.5 Bcf in 2022. 
 
 The overall facility consists of seven depleted natural gas reservoirs, 22 injection and withdrawal wells, a compressor station, dehydration and control equipment, gathering lines, and other related facilities. The capacity at Mist serving other utilities and third-party marketers provides multi-cycle gas storage services to customers in the interstate and intrastate markets. The interstate storage services are offered under a limited jurisdiction blanket certificate issued by FERC. Under NW Natural's interstate storage certificate with FERC, NW Natural is required to file either a petition for rate approval or a cost and revenue study every five years to change or justify maintaining the existing rates for the interstate storage service. Intrastate firm storage services in Oregon are offered under an OPUC-approved rate schedule as an optional service to certain eligible customers. Gas storage revenues from the 5.8 Bcf are derived primarily from firm service customers who provide energy-related services, 
 14 

including natural gas distribution, electric generation, and energy marketing. The Mist facility benefits from limited competition as there are few storage facilities in the Pacific Northwest region. Therefore, NW Natural is able to acquire high-value, multi-year contracts. 
 
 Asset Management Activities 
 NW Natural contracts with an independent energy marketing company to provide asset management services, primarily through the use of natural gas commodity exchange agreements and natural gas pipeline capacity release transactions. The results of these activities are included in other, except for the asset management revenues allocated to NGD business customers pursuant to regulatory agreements, which are reported in the NGD segment. 
 
 NW Holdings 
 These include the following businesses and activities aggregated under NW Holdings: 
 NW Natural Water Company, LLC (NWN Water) and its water and wastewater utility operations; 
 NWN Water's equity investment in Avion Water Company, Inc.; 
 NW Natural Renewables Holdings, LLC and its non-regulated renewable natural gas activities; 
 a minority interest in the Kelso-Beaver Pipeline held by our wholly-owned subsidiary NNG Financial Corporation (NNG Financial); and 
 holding company and corporate activities, including business development activities, as well as adjustments made in consolidation. 
 
 NW Natural Water 
 NWN Water currently serves an estimated 155,000 people through approximately 62,500 water and wastewater connections across five states. NWN Water continues to grow though customer additions within or near its service territories, and continues to pursue acquisitions. For recently acquired water utilities, see further discussion about the status of water general rate cases in Part II, Item 7, "Results of Operations Regulatory Matters Water General Rate Cases ." 
 
 The water and wastewater utilities primarily serve residential and commercial customers. Water distribution operations are seasonal in nature with peak demand during warmer summer months, while wastewater is less seasonally affected. Entities generally operate in exclusive service territories with no direct competitors. Water distribution customer rates are regulated by state utility commissions while the wastewater businesses we own consist of some state regulated systems and some systems that are not rate regulated by utility commissions. 
 
 NW Natural Renewables 
 NW Natural Renewables is a newly formed non-regulated subsidiary of NW Natural Holdings established to invest in renewable energy through the production and supply of lower-carbon fuels. NW Natural Renewables' first project is with a subsidiary of EDL, a global producer of sustainable distributed energy. In September 2021, a subsidiary of NW Natural Renewables and a subsidiary of EDL executed agreements, whereby the subsidiary of NW Natural Renewables committed 50 million toward the development of two production facilities that are designed to convert landfill waste gases to RNG and connect gas production to existing regional pipeline networks. Testing and commissioning of the production facilities is expected to occur in the spring of 2023. Alongside these development agreements, a subsidiary of NW Natural Renewables and a subsidiary of EDL executed agreements designed to secure a 20-year supply of RNG produced from the facilities for NW Natural Renewables. In 2022, NW Natural Renewables executed a four-year off-take agreement with a counterparty for the near-term RNG production. NW Natural Renewables is currently in discussions with other counterparties to contract the remaining RNG production under long-term contracts. 

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS 
 
 Properties and Facilities 
 NW Natural owns, or previously owned, properties and facilities that are currently being investigated that may require environmental remediation and are subject to federal, state, and local laws and regulations related to environmental matters. These laws and regulations may require expenditures over a long time frame to address certain environmental impacts. Estimates of liabilities for environmental costs are difficult to determine with precision because of the various factors that can affect their ultimate disposition. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 the complexity of the site; 
 changes in environmental laws and regulations at the federal, state, and local levels; 
 the number of regulatory agencies or other parties involved; 
 new technology that renders previous technology obsolete, or experience with existing technology that proves ineffective; 
 the level of remediation required; 
 variations between the estimated and actual period of time that must be dedicated to respond to an environmentally-contaminated site; and 
 the application of environmental laws that impose joint and several liabilities on all potentially responsible parties. 
 
 15 

NW Natural has received recovery of a portion of such environmental costs through insurance proceeds, seeks the remainder of such costs through customer rates, and believes recovery of these costs is probable. In both Oregon and Washington, NW Natural has mechanisms to recover expenses. Oregon recoveries are subject to an earnings test. See Part II, Item 7, "Results of Operations Regulatory Matters Rate Mechanisms Environmental Cost Deferral and Recovery ", and Note 2 and Note 17 of the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for more information. 
 
 Greenhouse Gas Matters 
 For information concerning greenhouse gas matters, see Part II, Item 7, Results of Operations Environmental Regulation and Legislation Matters. 

HUMAN CAPITAL 
 
 Our core values of integrity, safety, caring, service ethic, and environmental stewardship guide how we engage with customers, stakeholders, shareholders, and communities. We actively work to foster these values in our employee culture and to nurture an inclusive and equitable environment that provides opportunities, prioritizes health and safety, encourages respect and trust, and supports growth and learning. We aim to recruit and retain employees who share our core values and re ect our communities. 
 
 Employees 
 At December 31, 2022, our workforce consisted of the following: 
 NW Natural: Unionized employees (1) 
 575 Non-unionized employees 574 Total NW Natural 1,149 Other Entities: Water and wastewater company employees 105 Other 4 Total other entities 109 Total Employees 1,258 
 (1) Members of the Office and Professional Employees International Union (OPEIU) Local No. 11, AFL-CIO. 
 
 NW Natural's labor agreement with members of OPEIU covers wages, benefits, and working conditions. In November 2019, NW Natural's unionized employees ratified a collective bargaining agreement that took effect on December 1, 2019 and extends to May 31, 2024, and thereafter from year to year unless either party serves notice of its intent to negotiate modifications to the collective bargaining agreement. During calendar year 2022, NW Natural did not incur any work stoppages (strikes or lockouts), and therefore, experienced zero idle days for the year. 
 
 Certain subsidiaries may receive services from employees of other subsidiaries. When such services involve regulated entities, those entities receiving services reimburse the entity providing services pursuant to shared services agreements, as applicable. 
 
 Safety 
 Safety is one of our greatest responsibilities to employees. In managing the business, we strive to foster a safety culture focused on prevention, open communication, collaboration, and a strong service and safety ethic. We believe employee safety is critical to our success. A portion of executives compensation is tied to achieving our safety metrics, and our Board of Directors regularly reviews company safety metrics. NW Natural s health and safety policies and procedures are designed to comply with all applicable regulations, but we also work to go beyond compliance by striving to incorporate industry best practices and benchmarking. 
 
 As part of our commitment to employee health and safety, we maintain regular training programs, emergency preparedness procedures, and speci c training and procedures to identify hazards and handle high-risk emergency situations. Employees complete classroom instruction and hands-on, scenario-based training at our training facility in Oregon that allows employees to experience realistic situations in a controlled environment. We also host natural gas safety training events for rst responders, which are designed to prepare those first responders and NW Natural field employees to deliver an integrated, seamless response in the event of an emergency that involves or affects the natural gas system. We navigated, and continue to navigate, the COVID-19 pandemic to help keep people safe. We also implemented a new learning management system that went live in early 2021 and provides more efficiency and flexibility in how we train. 
 
 16 

Employee Benefits and Support 
 To attract employees and meet the needs of our workforce, NW Natural strives to offer competitive compensation and benefits packages to employees. The benefits package options vary depending on type of employee and date of hire. NW Natural continuously looks for ways to support employees work-life balance and well-being and this is reflected in physical, mental and financial wellness programs to meet the needs of our employees and help them care for their families. Benefits available to employees during 2022 included, among others: healthcare and other insurance coverages, wellness resources, retirement and savings plans, paid time off programs, and flexible and hybrid work schedules, where possible, employee resource groups, and culture and community-focused resources and opportunities, and employee recognition programs and discounts. 
 
 Talent Attraction and Development 
 In order to implement our business strategy and serve our customers, we depend upon our continuing ability to attract and retain diverse, talented professionals and a technically skilled workforce, and being able to transfer the knowledge and expertise of our workforce to new and increasingly diverse employees as our largely older workforce retires. A significant portion of our workforce is currently eligible or will reach retirement eligibility within the next five years, and therefore, we are focused on efforts to attract, train, and retain appropriately qualified and skilled workers to prevent loss of institutional knowledge or skills gaps. 
 
 NW Natural seeks to provide its employees with growth and development opportunities through programs designed to build skills and relationships. These programs currently include: (i) a culturally relevant mentoring program that creates opportunities for career growth by building relationships; (ii) a tuition assistance program for qualified educational pursuits; (iii) an internal class that provides participants with a big-picture understanding of the industry and company operations, equipping them to see how they contribute to NW Natural s success and identify opportunities for career growth; (iv) internal and external continuing educational courses relevant to areas of expertise; and (v) ongoing management and leadership training programs. 
 
 We regularly monitor employee engagement and satisfaction through a variety of tools, including our annual engagement survey that is designed to enable company leaders to gather valuable feedback and guidance from employees. 
 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 We have a longstanding commitment to creating a diverse and inclusive culture that reflects and supports the communities we serve, and believe a diverse, equitable, and inclusive workforce at all levels contributes to long-term success. Our efforts in recruiting, promoting, and retaining diverse talent, building inclusive teams, and creating a culture that embraces differences are at the core of our workforce strategy. To attract diverse candidates, we work with community partners to help promote awareness of job opportunities within diverse communities. 
 
 We have employee-led groups that develop programs and activities that build awareness around issues important to their co-workers, families, customers, and our community. Groups include the Diversity, Equity Inclusion Council, Women's Network, African American, Rainbow Alliance (LGBTQ+), Veterans, Somos Unidos (Latinx), Asian American, and Neurodiversity employee resource groups, Wellness Advisory Committee, and Sustainability and Equity Engagement Team. We also continue to emphasize diversity, equity and inclusion values through employee training and education, including expanded diversity training as part of new hire onboarding and other diversity, equity, and inclusion education that occurs throughout the year. An area of focus going forward is to understand and increase awareness of internal systems and structures that could limit representation and equity for underrepresented employees. To that end, we are working toward revising and refocusing new manager and new hire training to include implicit bias, diversity, equity and inclusion, and anti-racism education. 

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 
 For information concerning executive officers, see Part III, Item 10. 

AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 
 NW Holdings and NW Natural file annual, quarterly and current reports and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The SEC maintains an Internet site where reports, proxy statements, and other information filed can be read, copied, and requested online at its website www.sec.gov ). In addition, we make available, free of charge, on our website www.nwnaturalholdings.com ), our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) and proxy materials filed under Section 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. We intend to use our website as a means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor our website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. We have included our website address as an inactive textual reference only. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 NW Holdings and NW Natural have adopted a Code of Ethics for all employees, officers, and directors that is available on our website. We intend to disclose revisions and amendments to, and any waivers from, the Code of Ethics for officers and directors on our website. Our Corporate Governance Standards, Director Independence Standards, charters of each of the committees of 
 17 

the Board of Directors, and additional information about NW Holdings and NW Natural are also available at the website. Copies of these documents may be requested, at no cost, by writing or calling Shareholder Services, Northwest Natural Holding Company, 250 S.W. Taylor Street, Portland, Oregon 97204, telephone 503-220-2402. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 NW Holdings and NW Natural s business and financial results are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are not within our control, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Additional risks and uncertainties that are not currently known to us or that are not currently believed by us to be material may also harm our businesses, financial condition, and results of operations. When considering any investment in NW Holdings or NW Natural s securities, investors should carefully consider the following information, as well as information contained in the caption "Forward-Looking Statements", Item 7A, and our other documents filed with the SEC. This list is not exhaustive and the order of presentation does not reflect management s determination of priority or likelihood. Additionally, our listing of risk factors that primarily affects one of our businesses does not mean that such risk factor is inapplicable to our other businesses. 
 
 Legal, Regulatory and Legislative Risks 
 REGULATORY RISK. Regulation of NW Holdings and NW Natural s regulated businesses, including changes in the regulatory environment, failure of regulatory authorities to approve rates which provide for timely recovery of costs and an adequate return on invested capital, or an unfavorable outcome in regulatory proceedings may adversely impact NW Holdings and NW Natural s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The OPUC and WUTC have general regulatory authority over NW Natural s gas business in Oregon and Washington. NW Holdings regulated water utility businesses are generally regulated by the public utility commission in the state in which a water business is located. These public utility commissions have broad regulatory authority, including: the rates charged to customers; authorized rates of return on rate base, including ROE; the amounts and types of securities that may be issued by our regulated utility companies, like NW Natural; services our regulated utility companies provide and the manner in which they provide them; the nature of investments our utility companies make; deferral and recovery of various expenses, including, but not limited to, pipeline replacement, environmental remediation costs, capital and information technology investments, commodity hedging expense, and certain employee benefit expenses such as pension costs; transactions with affiliated interests; regulatory adjustment mechanisms such as weather adjustment mechanisms, and other matters. The OPUC also regulates actions investors may take with respect to our utility companies, NW Natural and NW Holdings. Similarly, FERC has regulatory authority over NW Natural s interstate storage services. Expansion of our businesses generally results in regulation by other regulatory authorities. For example, certain of NW Holdings water companies are regulated in Idaho, Texas and Arizona. 
 
 The costs that are deemed recoverable in rates and prices regulators allow us to charge for regulated utility service, and the maximum FERC-approved rates FERC authorizes us to charge for interstate storage and related transportation services, are the most significant factors affecting both NW Natural s and NW Holdings financial position, results of operations and liquidity. State utility regulators have the authority to disallow recovery of costs they find imprudently incurred or otherwise disallowed, and rates that regulators allow may be insufficient for recovery of costs we incur. We expect to continue to make expenditures to expand, improve and safely operate our gas and water utility distribution and gas storage systems, and to work toward decarbonizing our gas systems. Regulators can deny recovery of those costs. Furthermore, while each applicable state regulator has established an authorized rate of return for our regulated utility businesses, we may not be able to achieve the earnings level authorized. Moreover, in the normal course of business we may place assets in service or incur higher than expected levels of operating expense before rate cases can be filed to recover those costs (this is commonly referred to as regulatory lag). The failure of any regulatory commission to approve requested rate increases on a timely basis to recover costs or to allow an adequate return could adversely impact NW Holdings or NW Natural s financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 
 As companies with regulated utility businesses, we frequently have dockets open with our regulators. The regulatory proceedings for these dockets typically involve multiple parties, including governmental agencies, consumer, environmental, and other advocacy groups, and other third parties. Each party advocates for the interests that they represent, which may include lower rates, additional regulatory oversight over the company, limitations on growth or phasing out of the gas system, decisions that favor electrification, or advancing other interests. We cannot predict the timing or outcome of these proceedings, or the effects of those outcomes on NW Holdings and NW Natural s results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 REGULATION, COMPLIANCE AND TAXING AUTHORITY RISK. NW Holdings and NW Natural are subject to governmental regulation, and compliance with local, state and federal requirements, including taxing requirements, and unforeseen changes in or interpretations of such requirements could affect NW Holdings or NW Natural s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 NW Holdings and NW Natural are subject to regulation by federal, state and local governmental authorities. We are required to comply with a variety of laws and regulations and to obtain authorizations, permits, approvals and certificates from governmental agencies in various aspects of our business. Significant changes in federal, state, or local governmental leadership can accelerate or amplify changes in existing laws or regulations, or the manner in which they are interpreted or enforced. For instance, the 2020 United States Presidential election resulted in leadership changes in many federal administrative agencies and resulted in a wide range of new policies, executive orders, rules, initiatives and other changes to fiscal, tax, regulation, 
 18 

environmental, climate and other federal policies, many of which have components that affect the energy sector. Similarly, although party leadership in Oregon and Washington did not significantly change in the most recent election, we could continue to face significant legislative, regulatory and other policy changes in the jurisdictions in which we operate. In addition, foreign governments may implement changes to their policies, in response to changes to U.S. policy or otherwise. Although we cannot predict the impact, if any, of these changes to our businesses, they could adversely affect NW Holdings or NW Natural s financial condition and results of operations. Until we know what policy changes are made and how those changes impact our businesses and the business of our competitors over the long term, we will not know if, overall, we will benefit from them or will be negatively affected by them. 
 
 We cannot predict changes in laws, regulations, interpretations or enforcement or the impact of such changes. Additionally, any failure to comply with existing or new laws and regulations could result in fines, penalties or injunctive measures. For example, under the Energy Policy Act of 2005, the FERC has civil authority under the Natural Gas Act to impose penalties for current violations of nearly 1.5 million per day for each violation. In addition, as the regulatory environment for our businesses increases in complexity, the risk of inadvertent noncompliance may also increase. Changes in regulations, the imposition of additional regulations, and the failure to comply with laws and regulations could negatively influence NW Holdings or NW Natural s operating environment and results of operations. 
 
 Additionally, changes in federal, state, local or foreign tax laws and their related regulations, or differing interpretations or enforcement of applicable law by a federal, state, local or foreign taxing authority, could result in substantial cost to us and negatively affect our results of operations. Tax law and its related regulations and case law are inherently complex and dynamic. Disputes over interpretations of tax laws may be settled with the taxing authority in examination, through programs like the Compliance Assurance Process (CAP), upon appeal or through litigation. Our judgments may include reserves for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been or plan to be taken that may be subject to challenge by taxing authorities. Changes in laws, regulations or adverse judgments and the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions may negatively affect NW Holdings or NW Natural s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Furthermore, certain tax assets and liabilities, such as deferred tax assets and regulatory tax assets and liabilities, are recognized or recorded by NW Holdings or NW Natural based on certain assumptions and determinations made based on available evidence, such as projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations. If these assumptions and determinations prove to be incorrect, the recorded results may not be realized, which may negatively impact the financial results of NW Holdings and NW Natural. 
 
 There is uncertainty as to how our regulators will reflect the impact of the legislation and other government regulation in rates. The resulting ratemaking treatment may negatively affect NW Holdings or NW Natural s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 REPUTATIONAL RISKS. Customers', legislators', regulators' and other third parties opinions of NW Holdings and NW Natural are affected by many factors, including system and fuel reliability and safety, protection of customer information, rates, actual or perceived effects of our products, media coverage, and public sentiment. To the extent that customers, legislators, or regulators have or develop a negative opinion of our businesses, NW Holdings and NW Natural s financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 
 A number of factors can affect customers , legislators , regulators , and other third parties perception of us or our business including: service interruptions or safety concerns due to failures of equipment or facilities or from other causes, and our ability to promptly respond to such failures; our ability to safeguard sensitive customer information; the timing and magnitude of rate increases; and volatility of rates. Customers', legislators', and regulators' opinions of us can also be affected by media coverage, including the proliferation of social media, which may include information, whether factual or not, that could damage the perception of natural gas, our brand, or our reputation. 
 
 Although we believe that natural gas serves an important role in helping our region reduce GHG emissions and move to a resilient lower-carbon energy system, certain advocacy groups have opposed the use of natural gas as a fuel source altogether and have pursued policies that limit, restrict, or impose additional costs on, the use of natural gas in a variety of contexts. Concerns raised about the use of natural gas include the potential for natural gas explosions or delivery disruptions, methane leakage along production, transportation and delivery systems, and end-use equipment, and contribution of natural gas energy use to GHG emission levels and global warming. Similarly, concerns have also been raised regarding the use of RNG or hydrogen in place of natural gas. In addition, studies and claims by advocacy groups contend that there are detrimental indoor public health effects associated with the use of natural gas, which may also impact public perception. Shifts in public sentiment due to these concerns or others that may be raised may impact further legislative initiatives, regulatory actions, and litigation, as well as behaviors and perceptions of customers, investors, lawmakers, and regulators. 
 
 If customers, legislators, regulators, or other third parties have or develop a negative opinion of us and our services, or of natural gas as an energy source generally, this could make it more difficult for us to achieve policy, legislative or regulatory outcomes supportive of our business. Negative opinions could also result in reduced customer growth, sales volumes reductions, increased use of other sources of energy, or difficulties in accessing capital markets. Any of these consequences could adversely affect NW Holdings or NW Natural s financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 19 

REGULATORY ACCOUNTING RISK. In the future, NW Holdings or NW Natural may no longer meet the criteria for continued application of regulatory accounting practices for all or a portion of our regulated operations. 
 
 If we can no longer apply regulatory accounting, we could be required to write off our regulatory assets and precluded from the future deferral of costs not recovered through rates at the time such amounts are incurred, even if we are expected to recover these amounts from customers in the future. 
 
 COVID-19 Risk 
 PUBLIC HEALTH RISK . The continuation of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) and the resulting economic conditions, or the emergence of other epidemic or pandemic crises, could materially and adversely affect NW Holdings and NW Natural s business, results of operations, or financial condition. 
 
 The novel coronavirus (COVID-19), which was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization in March 2020, has resulted in widespread and severe global, national and local economic and societal disruptions. As recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic continues, resurgences or mutations of the virus, could ultimately adversely affect our business by, among other things: 
 impacting the health, safety, productivity and availability of our employees and contractors; 
 disrupting our access to capital markets or increasing costs of capital affecting our liquidity in the future; 
 reducing demand for natural gas, particularly from commercial and industrial customers that are suffering slow-downs or ultimately close completely due to pandemic effects; 
 reducing customer growth and new meter additions due to less economic, construction or conversion activity; 
 limiting our ability to collect on overdue accounts or disconnect gas service for nonpayment, beyond an amount or period of time acceptable to us; 
 increasing our operating costs for emergency supplies, personal protective equipment, cleaning services and supplies, remote technology and other specific needs; 
 impacting our capital expenditures if construction activities are suspended or delayed; 
 sickening or causing a mandatory quarantine of a large percentage of our workforce, or key workgroups with specialized skill sets, impairing our ability to perform key business functions or execute our business continuity plans; 
 impacting our or our contractors or suppliers ability to recruit and retain qualified personnel or otherwise impairing the functioning of our supply chain or ability to rely on third parties or business partners; 
 adversely affecting the asset values of NW Natural s defined benefit pension plan or causing a failure to maintain sustained growth in pension investments over time, increasing our contribution requirements; 
 limiting, delaying or curtailing entirely, public utility commissions ability to approve or authorize applications or other requests we may make with respect to our regulated businesses; 
 increasing volatility in the price of natural gas; and 
 creating additional cybersecurity vulnerabilities due to ongoing heavy reliance on remote working. 
 
 Additionally, the long-term effects of COVID-19 or other pandemics could create prolonged unfavorable economic conditions, slowed economic growth, inflation, which may continue to rise, or an economic recession that may result in or be accompanied by unprecedented unemployment rates and declines in the value of certain assets, adversely affecting the income and financial resources of many domestic households and businesses. It is unclear whether governmental responses to these conditions will lessen the severity or duration of any economic effects. Our operational and financial results would likely be affected by such economic conditions. Less new housing construction, fewer conversions to natural gas, higher levels of residential foreclosures and vacancies, and personal and business bankruptcies or reduced spending could all negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The ultimate long-term impact of COVID-19 on our business cannot be predicted and will depend on factors beyond our knowledge or control, including resurgences of the pandemic and residual economic effects, actions taken to mitigate its effects, and the extent to which normal economic and operating conditions can continue. Any of these factors could have an adverse effect on our business, outlook, financial condition, and results of operations and cash flows, which could be significant. 
 
 Growth and Strategic Risks 
 STRATEGIC TRANSACTION RISK. NW Holdings and NW Natural s ability to successfully complete strategic transactions, including mergers, acquisitions, combinations, divestitures, joint ventures, business development projects or other strategic transactions is subject to significant risks, including the risk that required regulatory or governmental approvals may not be obtained, risks relating to unknown problems or liabilities or problems or liabilities undisclosed to us, and the risk that for these or other reasons, we may be unable to achieve some or all of the benefits that we anticipate from such transactions, which could adversely affect NW Holdings or NW Natural s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 From time to time, NW Holdings and NW Natural have pursued and may continue to pursue strategic transactions including mergers, acquisitions, combinations, divestitures, joint ventures, business development projects or other strategic transactions, including, but not limited to, investments in RNG projects on a regulated basis by NW Natural and on a non-regulated basis by NW Holdings, as well as acquisitions by NW Holdings in the water and wastewater sectors. Any such transactions involve substantial risks, including the following: 
 such transactions that are contracted for may fail to close for a variety of reasons; 
 20 

the result of such transactions may not produce revenues, earnings or cash flow at anticipated levels, which could, among other things, result in the impairment of any investments or goodwill associated with such transactions; 
 acquired businesses or assets could have environmental, permitting, or other problems for which contractual protections prove inadequate; 
 there may be difficulties in integration or operation costs of new businesses; 
 there may exist liabilities that were not disclosed to us, that exceed our estimates, or for which our rights to indemnification from the seller are limited; 
 we may be unable to obtain the necessary regulatory or governmental approvals to close a transaction or receive approvals granted subject to terms that are unacceptable to us; 
 we may be unable to achieve the anticipated regulatory treatment of any such transaction as part of the transaction approval or subsequent to closing the transaction; or 
 we may be unable to avoid a disposition of assets for a price that is less than the book value of those assets. 
 
 One or more of these risks could affect NW Holdings and NW Natural s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT RISK. NW Holdings and NW Natural s business development projects may not be successful or may encounter unanticipated obstacles, costs, changes or delays that could result in a project being unsuccessful or becoming impaired, which could negatively impact NW Holdings or NW Natural s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Business development projects involve many risks. We are currently engaged in several business development projects, including, but not limited to, several water, wastewater and RNG projects. We may also engage in other business development projects such as investments in additional long-term gas reserves, non-regulated investments in RNG projects, and purchasing, marketing and reselling of RNG and its associated attributes, CNG refueling stations, power to gas or hydrogen projects or other similar projects. Our business development activities are subject to uncertainties and changed circumstances and may not reach the scale expected, be successful or perform as anticipated. Additionally, we may not be able to obtain required governmental permits and approvals to complete our projects in a cost-efficient or timely manner, potentially resulting in delays or abandonment of the projects. We could also experience issues such as: technological challenges; ineffective scalability;failure to achieve expected outcomes; unsuccessful business models; startup and construction delays; construction cost overruns; disputes with contractors; the inability to negotiate acceptable agreements such as rights-of-way, easements, construction, gas supply or other material contracts; changes in customer demand, perception or commitment; public opposition to projects; marketing risk and changes in market regulation, behavior or prices, market volatility or unavailability,including markets for RNG and its associated attributes or other environmental attributes; the inability to receive expected tax or regulatory treatment; and operating cost increases. Additionally, we may be unable to finance our business development projects at acceptable costs or within a scheduled time frame necessary for completing the project. Any of the foregoing risks, if realized, could result in business development efforts failing to produce expected financial results and the project investment becoming impaired, and such failure or impairment could have an adverse effect on NW Holdings or NW Natural s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 JOINT PARTNER RISK. Investing in business development projects through partnerships, joint ventures or other business arrangements affects our ability to manage certain risks and could adversely impact NW Holdings or NW Natural s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We use joint ventures and other business arrangements to manage and diversify the risks of certain development projects, including NW Natural s gas reserves agreements and certain RNG projects. NW Holdings or NW Natural currently has and may further acquire or develop part-ownership interests in other projects in the future, including but not limited to, natural gas, water, wastewater, RNG, or hydrogen projects. Under these arrangements, we may not be able to fully direct the management and policies of the business relationships, and other participants in those relationships may act contrary to our interests, including making operational decisions that could negatively affect our costs and liabilities. In addition, other participants may withdraw from the project, divest important assets, become financially distressed or bankrupt, or have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours. We have in the past and may in the future become involved in disputes with our business partners, which could result in additional cost or divert management s attention. 
 
 NW Natural s gas reserves arrangements, which operate as a hedge backed by physical gas supplies, involve a number of risks, including: gas production that is significantly less than the expected volumes, or no gas volumes; operating costs that are higher than expected; inherent risks of gas production, including disruption to operations or a complete shut-in of the field; and one or more participants in one of these gas reserves arrangements becoming financially insolvent or acting contrary to NW Natural s interests. For example, while Jonah Energy, the counterparty in NW Natural s gas reserves arrangement, has recently issued asset-backed notes that are rated by credit agencies, Jonah Energy has previously experienced several credit rating downgrades and did not maintain any credit ratings for much of 2022. Although NW Natural intends to continue monitoring Jonah Energy s financial condition and take appropriate actions to preserve NW Natural s interests, it does not control Jonah Energy s financial condition or continued performance under the gas reserves arrangement. The cost of the original gas reserves venture is currently included in customer rates and additional wells under that arrangement are recovered at specific costs, the occurrence of one or more of these risks could affect NW Natural s ability to recover this hedge in rates. Further, new gas reserves arrangements have not been approved for inclusion in rates, and regulators may ultimately determine to not include all 
 21 

or a portion of future transactions in rates. The realization of any of these situations could adversely impact NW Holdings or NW Natural s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 CUSTOMER GROWTH RISK. NW Holdings and NW Natural s NGD margin, earnings and cash flow may be negatively affected if we are unable to sustain customer growth rates in our NGD segment. 
 
 NW Natural s NGD margins and earnings growth have largely depended upon the sustained growth of its residential and commercial customer base due, in part, to the new construction housing market, conversions of customers to natural gas from other energy sources and growing commercial use of natural gas. Building codes recently enacted and others under consideration in our territory may have the effect of reducing our natural gas customer growth rate. For example, effective February 1, 2021, building codes in Washington state require new residential homes to achieve higher levels of energy efficiency based on specified carbon emissions assumptions, which calculate electric appliances to have lower on-site GHG emissions than comparable gas appliances. This increases the cost of new home construction incorporating natural gas depending on a number of factors including home size, equipment configurations, and building envelope measures. Additionally, the Washington State Building Code Council (SBCC) voted in April 2022 to include updates in the state commercial building energy code that are expected to restrict or eliminate the use of gas space and water heating in new commercial construction. In early November, the SBCC voted to include updates to the state residential building energy code that restrict the use of gas space and water heating in residential construction, with certain exceptions including for natural gas-fired heat pumps and hybrid fuel systems.The SBBC commercial and residential rules are expected to become effective July 1, 2023. Certain jurisdictions in Oregon and the State of Oregon are considering similar measures. While we expect these types of codes to be subject to legal challenge, we cannot predict the outcome of any such challenge. Insufficient customer growth, for economic, political, public perception, policy, or other reasons could adversely affect NW Holdings or NW Natural s utility margin, earnings and cash flows. 
 
 RISK OF COMPETITION. Our NGD business is subject to increased competition which could negatively affect NW Holdings or NW Natural s results of operations. 
 
 In the residential and commercial markets, NW Natural s NGD business competes primarily with suppliers of electricity, fuel oil, and propane. In the industrial market, NW Natural competes with suppliers of all forms of energy. Competition among these forms of energy is based on price, efficiency, reliability, performance, market conditions, technology, federal, state and local governmental regulation, actual and perceived environmental impacts, and public perception. Technological improvements such as electric heat pumps, batteries or other alternative technologies, or building code restrictions affecting the ability to use certain gas appliances, could erode NW Natural s competitive advantage. If natural gas prices are high relative to other energy sources, or if the cost, environmental impact or public perception of such other energy sources improves relative to natural gas, it may negatively affect NW Natural s ability to secure new customers or retain our existing residential, commercial and industrial customers, which could have a negative impact on our customer growth rate and NW Holdings and NW Natural s results of operations. 
 
 Our natural gas storage operations compete primarily with other storage facilities and pipelines. Increased competition in the natural gas storage business could reduce the demand for our natural gas storage services, drive prices down for our storage business, and adversely affect our ability to renew or replace existing contracts at rates sufficient to maintain current revenues and cash flows, which could adversely affect NW Holdings and NW Natural s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Operational Risks 
 OPERATING RISK. Transporting and storing natural gas and distributing natural gas and water involves numerous risks that may result in accidents and other operating risks and costs, some or all of which may not be fully covered by insurance, and which could adversely affect NW Holdings or NW Natural s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 NW Holdings and NW Natural are subject to all of the risks and hazards inherent in the businesses of gas and RNG transmission, distribution and storage, water distribution, and wastewater services including: 
 earthquakes, wildfires, floods, storms, landslides and other severe weather incidents and natural hazards; 
 leaks or losses of natural gas or RNG, water or wastewater, or contamination of natural gas, RNG or water by chemicals or compounds, as a result of the malfunction of equipment or facilities or otherwise; 
 damages from third parties; 
 operator errors; 
 negative performance by our storage reservoirs, facilities, or wells that could cause us to fail to meet expected or forecasted operational levels or contractual commitments to our customers or other third parties; 
 problems maintaining, or the malfunction of, pipelines, biodigester facilities, wellbores and related equipment and facilities that form a part of the infrastructure that is critical to the operation of our gas and water distribution, wastewater services, RNG and gas storage facilities; 
 presence of chemicals or other compounds in RNG or natural gas that could adversely affect the performance of the system or end-use equipment; 
 collapse of underground storage reservoirs; 
 inadequate supplies of RNG, natural gas or water or contamination of water supplies; 
 operating costs that are substantially higher than expected; 
 22 

supply chain disruptions, including unexpected price increases, or supply restrictions beyond the control of our suppliers; 
 migration of gas through faults in the rock or to some area of the reservoir where existing wells cannot drain the gas effectively, resulting in loss of the gas; 
 blowouts (uncontrolled escapes of gas from a pipeline or well) or other accidents, fires and explosions; and 
 risks and hazards inherent in the drilling operations associated with the development of gas storage facilities, and wells. 
 
 For example, TC Pipelines, LP (TC Pipelines) has identified the presence of a chemical substance, dithiazine, at several facilities on the system of its subsidiary, Gas Transmission Northwest (GTN), and those of some upstream and downstream connecting pipeline facilities. A portion of NW Natural s gas supplies from Canada are transported on GTN s pipelines. TC Pipelines reports that dithiazine can drop out of gas streams in a powdery form at some points of pressure reduction (for example, at a regulator), and that in incidents where a sufficient quantity of the material accumulates in certain places, improper functioning of equipment can occur, which can result in increased preventative and corrective action costs. While NW Natural has not detected significant quantities of dithiazine on its system to date, we continue to monitor and could discover increased levels of dithiazine or other compounds on NW Natural s system that could affect the performance of the system or end-use equipment. 
 
 These and other operational risks could result in disruption of service, personal injury or loss of human life, damage to and destruction of property and equipment, pollution or other environmental damage, breaches of our contractual commitments, and may result in curtailment or suspension of operations, which in turn could lead to significant costs and lost revenues. Further, because our pipeline, storage and distribution facilities are in or near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers, and industrial sites, any loss of human life or adverse financial outcomes resulting from such events could be significant. We could be subject to lawsuits, claims, and criminal and civil enforcement actions. Additionally, we may not be able to maintain the level or types of insurance we desire, and the insurance coverage we do obtain may contain large deductibles or fail to cover certain hazards or cover all potential losses. The occurrence of any operating risks not covered by insurance could adversely affect NW Holdings or NW Natural s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 SAFETY REGULATION RISK. NW Holdings and NW Natural may experience increased federal, state and local regulation of the safety of our systems and operations, which could adversely affect NW Holdings or NW Natural s operating costs and financial results. 
 
 The safety and protection of the public, our customers and our employees is and will remain our top priority. We are committed to consistently monitoring, maintaining, and upgrading our distribution systems and storage operations to ensure that RNG, natural gas and water is acquired, stored and delivered safely, reliably and efficiently. Natural gas operators are subject to robust, ongoing federal, state and local regulatory oversight, which intensifies in response to incidents. For example, the 2020 Protecting our Infrastructure of Pipelines and Enhancing Safety Act (PIPES Act) prompted PHSMA to issue three new rulemakings impacting transmission lines, gathering lines, and valve automation in response to past incidents in other parts of the country. Proposed rulemakings planned for 2023 by the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA), include regulations related to the detection and repair of leaks and safety of gas distribution pipelines. 
 
 In addition, our workplaces are subject to the requirements of the Department of Transportation, through the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, as well as state and local statutes and regulations that regulate the protection of the health and safety of workers. The failure to comply with these requirements or general industry standards, including keeping adequate records or preventing occupational injuries or exposure, could expose us to civil or criminal liability, enforcement actions, and regulatory fines and penalties that may not be recoverable through our rates and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We intend to work diligently with industry associations and federal and state regulators to comply with these regulations and other new laws. We expect there to be increased costs associated with compliance, and those costs could be significant. If these costs are not recoverable in our customer rates, they could have a negative impact on NW Holdings and NW Natural s operating costs and financial results. 
 
 RELIANCE ON THIRD PARTIES TO SUPPLY NATURAL GAS, RNG AND ENVIRONMENTAL ATTRIBUTES OR CREDITS RISK. NW Natural relies on third parties to supply the natural gas, RNG and environmental attributes or credits in its NGD segment, and limitations on NW Natural s ability to obtain supplies, or failure to receive expected supplies, could have an adverse impact on NW Holdings or NW Natural s financial results. 
 
 NW Natural s ability to secure natural gas, RNG and environmental attributes or credits depends upon its ability to purchase and receive delivery of them from third parties. NW Natural, and in some cases its suppliers, does not have control over the availability of natural gas, RNG or environmental attributes or credits, competition for those supplies, disruptions in those supplies, priority allocations on transmission pipelines, markets for those supplies, or pricing and other terms related to such supplies. Additionally, third parties on whom NW Natural relies may fail to deliver supplies for which it has contracted. For example, in October, 2018, a 36-inch pipeline near Prince George, British Columbia owned by Enbridge ruptured, disrupting natural gas flows from Canada into Washington while the ruptured pipeline and an adjacent pipeline were assessed and the ruptured pipeline was repaired. Once repaired, pressurization levels for those pipelines were reduced for a significant period of time for assessment and testing. If NW Natural is unable or limited in its ability to obtain natural gas, RNG or environmental attributes or credits from its current suppliers or new sources, it may not be able to meet customers' gas requirements or 
 23 

regulatory or compliance requirements, and would likely incur costs associated with actions necessary to mitigate service disruptions or regulatory compliance, which could significantly and negatively impact NW Holdings and NW Natural s results of operations. 
 
 SINGLE TRANSPORTATION PIPELINE RISK. NW Natural relies on a single pipeline company for the transportation of gas to its service territory, a disruption, limitation, or inadequacy of which could adversely impact its ability to meet customers gas requirements, which could significantly and negatively impact NW Holdings and NW Natural s results of operations. 
 
 NW Natural s distribution system is directly connected to a single interstate pipeline, which is owned and operated by Northwest Pipeline. The pipeline s gas flows are bi-directional, transporting gas into the Portland metropolitan market from two directions: (1) the north, which brings supplies from the British Columbia and Alberta supply basins; and (2) the east, which brings supplies from the Alberta and the U.S. Rocky Mountain supply basins. If there is a rupture or inadequate capacity in, or supplies to maintain adequate pressures in, the pipeline, NW Natural may not be able to meet its customers gas requirements and we would likely incur costs associated with actions necessary to mitigate service disruptions, both of which could significantly and negatively impact NW Holdings and NW Natural s results of operations. 
 
 THIRD PARTY PIPELINE RISK. NW Natural s gas storage business depends on third-party pipelines that connect our storage facilities to interstate pipelines, the failure or unavailability of which could adversely affect NW Holdings or NW Natural s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our gas storage facilities are reliant on the continued operation of a third-party pipeline and other facilities that provide delivery options to and from our storage facilities. Because we do not own all of these pipelines, their operations are not within our control. If the third-party pipeline to which we are connected were to become unavailable for current or future withdrawals or injections of natural gas due to repairs, damage to the infrastructure, lack of capacity or other reasons, our ability to operate efficiently and satisfy our customers needs could be compromised, thereby potentially having an adverse impact on NW Holdings or NW Natural s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 WORKFORCE RISK. NW Holdings and NW Natural s businesses are heavily dependent on being able to attract and retain qualified employees and maintain a competitive cost structure with market-based salaries and employee benefits, and workforce disruptions could adversely affect NW Holdings or NW Natural s operations and results. 
 
 NW Holdings and NW Natural s ability to implement our business strategy and serve our customers is dependent upon our continuing ability to attract and retain diverse, talented professionals and a technically skilled workforce, and being able to transfer the knowledge and expertise of our workforce to new and increasingly diverse employees as our largely older workforce retires. A significant portion of our workforce is currently eligible or will reach retirement eligibility within the next five years, which will require that we attract, train and retain skilled workers to prevent loss of institutional knowledge or skills gaps. We face competition for qualified personnel with specific skillsets. This competition is elevated by the record low unemployment in Oregon and may result in increased pressure on wages or other challenges in recruiting or retaining personnel. Without an appropriately skilled workforce, our ability to provide quality service and meet our regulatory requirements will be challenged and this could negatively impact NW Holdings' and NW Natural s earnings. Additionally, approximately half of NW Natural workers are represented by the OPEIU Local No. 11 AFL-CIO and are covered by a collective bargaining agreement that extends to May 31, 2024. Disputes with the union representing NW Natural employees over terms and conditions of their agreement, or failure to timely and effectively renegotiate the agreement upon its expiration, could result in instability in our labor relationship or other labor disruptions that could impact the timely delivery of gas and other services from our utility and storage facilities, which could strain relationships with customers and state regulators and cause a loss of revenues. The collective bargaining agreements may also limit our flexibility in dealing with NW Natural s workforce, and the ability to change work rules and practices and implement other efficiency-related improvements to successfully compete in today s challenging marketplace, which may negatively affect NW Holdings and NW Natural s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Environmental Risks 
 ENVIRONMENTAL LIABILITY RISK. Certain of NW Natural s, and possibly NW Holdings , properties and facilities may pose environmental risks requiring remediation, the costs of which are difficult to estimate and which could adversely affect NW Holdings and NW Natural s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 NW Natural owns, or previously owned, properties that require environmental remediation or other action. NW Holdings or NW Natural may now, or in the future, own other properties that require environmental remediation or other action. NW Natural and NW Holdings accrue all material loss contingencies relating to these properties. A regulatory asset at NW Natural has been recorded for estimated costs pursuant to a deferral order from the OPUC and WUTC. In addition to maintaining regulatory deferrals, NW Natural settled with most of its historical liability insurers for only a portion of the costs it has incurred to date and expects to incur in the future. To the extent amounts NW Natural recovered from insurance are inadequate and it is unable to recover these deferred costs in utility customer rates, NW Natural would be required to reduce its regulatory assets which would result in a charge to earnings in the year in which regulatory assets are reduced. In addition, in Oregon, the OPUC approved the SRRM, which limits recovery of deferred amounts to those amounts which satisfy an annual prudence review and an earnings test that requires NW Natural to contribute additional amounts toward environmental remediation costs above approximately 10 million in years in which NW Natural earns above its authorized ROE. To the extent NW Natural earns more than its authorized 
 24 

ROE in a year, it would be required to cover environmental expenses greater than the 10 million with those earnings that exceed its authorized ROE. The OPUC ordered a review of the SRRM in 2018 or when we obtain greater certainty of environmental costs, whichever occurred first. We submitted information for review in 2018, and believe we could be subject to further review. Similarly, in October 2019, the WUTC authorized an ECRM, which allows for recovery of certain past deferred and future prudently incurred remediation costs allocable to Washington through application of insurance proceeds and collections from customers, subject to an annual prudence determination. These ongoing prudence reviews, or with respect to the SRRM, the earnings test, or the periodic review could reduce the amounts NW Natural is allowed to recover, and could adversely affect NW Holdings or NW Natural s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Moreover, we may have disputes with regulators and other parties as to the severity of particular environmental matters, what remediation efforts are appropriate, whether natural resources were damaged, and the portion of the costs or claims NW Natural or NW Holdings should bear. We cannot predict with certainty the amount or timing of future expenditures related to environmental investigations, remediation or other action, the portions of these costs allocable to NW Natural or NW Holdings, or disputes or litigation arising in relation thereto. 
 
 Environmental liability estimates are based on current remediation technology, industry experience gained at similar sites, an assessment of probable level of responsibility, and the financial condition of other potentially responsible parties. However, it is difficult to estimate such costs due to uncertainties surrounding the course of environmental remediation, the preliminary nature of certain site investigations, natural recovery of the site, unavoidable limitations associated with environmental investigations and remedial technologies, evolving science, and the application of environmental laws that impose joint and several liabilities on all potentially responsible parties. These uncertainties and disputes arising therefrom could lead to further adversarial administrative proceedings or litigation, with associated costs and uncertain outcomes, all of which could adversely affect NW Holdings or NW Natural s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION COMPLIANCE RISK. NW Holdings and NW Natural are subject to environmental regulations for our ongoing businesses, compliance with which or failure to comply with, could adversely affect our operations or financial results. 
 
 NW Holdings and NW Natural are subject to laws, regulations and other legal requirements enacted or adopted by federal, state and local governmental authorities relating to protection of the environment, including those legal requirements that govern discharges of substances into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and waste, groundwater quality and availability, plant and wildlife protection, the emitting of greenhouse gases, and other aspects of environmental regulation. For example, our natural gas operations are subject to reporting requirements to a number of governmental authorities including, but not limited to, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), the Oregon Department of Environmental Quality (ODEQ), and the Washington State Department of Ecology regarding greenhouse gas emissions. We are also required to reduce emissions of GHGs over time in accordance with the Oregon Climate Protection Program and the Washington Climate Commitment Act. These and other current and future additional environmental regulations at the local, state or national level could result in increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions, which may or may not be recoverable in customer rates, through insurance or otherwise. If these costs are not recoverable, or if these regulations reduce the desirability, availability, or cost-competitiveness of natural gas, they could have an adverse effect on NW Holdings or NW Natural s operations or financial condition. Furthermore, failure to comply with such laws or regulations could subject us to possible enforcement actions, financial liability or litigation, any of which could adversely affect NW Holdings or NW Natural s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 GLOBAL CLIMATE CHANGE RISK. Our businesses may be subject to physical risks associated with climate change, all of which could adversely affect NW Holdings or NW Natural s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Climate change may cause physical risks, including an increase in sea level, intensified storms, water scarcity, wildfire susceptibility and intensity and changes in weather conditions, such as changes in precipitation, average temperatures and extreme wind or other extreme weather events or climate conditions. Moreover, a significant portion of the nation s gas infrastructure is located in areas susceptible to storm damage that could be aggravated by wetland and barrier island erosion, which could give rise to gas supply interruptions and price spikes. 
 
 These and other physical changes could result in disruptions to natural gas production and transportation systems potentially increasing the cost of gas and affecting our natural gas businesses ability to procure or transport gas to meet customer demand. These changes could also affect our distribution systems resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs, disruption of service, regulatory actions and lower customer satisfaction. Similar disruptions could occur in NW Holdings water utility businesses. Additionally, to the extent that climate change adversely impacts the economic health or weather conditions of our service territory directly, it could adversely impact customer demand or our customers ability to pay. Such physical risks could have an adverse effect on NW Holdings or NW Natural s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 PUBLIC PERCEPTION AND POLICY RISK. Changes in public sentiment or public policy with respect to natural gas, including through local, state or federal laws or legislation or other regulation (including ballot initiatives, executive orders or regulatory codes) or litigation, could adversely affect NW Holdings or NW Natural s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 25 

There are a number of international, federal, state, and local legislative, legal, regulatory and other initiatives being proposed and adopted in an attempt to measure, control or limit the effects of global warming and climate change, including greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions such as carbon dioxide, nitrous oxide, and methane. Legislation or other forms of public policy or regulation that aim to reduce GHG emissions at the federal, state, or local level have and could continue to take a variety of forms including, but not limited to, GHG emissions limits, reporting requirements, carbon taxes, requirements to purchase carbon credits, building codes, increased efficiency standards, additional charges to fund energy efficiency activities or other regulatory actions, and incentives or mandates to conserve energy, or use renewable energy sources. Federal, state, or local governments may provide tax advantages and other subsidies to support alternative energy sources, withdraw funding from fossil fuel sources, mandate the use of specific fuels or technologies, prohibit the use of natural gas, or promote research into new technologies to reduce the cost and increase the scalability of alternative energy sources. In 2021, the United States rejoined the Paris Agreement on Climate Change, and the United States Presidential administration has issued executive orders aimed at reducing GHG emissions, has declared climate change a national security priority, and continues to consider a wide range of policies, executive orders, rules, legislation and other initiatives to address climate change. For example, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA), was signed into law in August 2022 and includes a number of energy and climate related provisions including funding for the EPA to improve GHG reporting and enforcement, as well as a methane fee applicable to activities associated with gas production and processing facilities, transmission pipelines and certain storage facilities. The U.S. Congress may also pass federal climate change legislation in the future. Additionally, other federal agencies have taken or are expected to take actions related to climate change. For example, in March 2022, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) proposed new rules relating to the disclosure of a range of climate-related matters, PHMSA is expected to prepare regulations and other actions to limit methane emissions and the Commodities Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) has indicated it intends to take actions related to oversight of climate-related financial risks as pertinent to the derivatives and underlying commodities markets. Similarly, other federal agencies and regulations, including but not limited to the Consumer Products Safety Commission, the U.S. Department of Treasury, Federal Acquisitions Regulations, and others have indicated impending actions related to regulation related to climate change. 
 
 At the state level, the State of Washington has enacted the Climate Commitment Act (CCA), which establishes a comprehensive program that provides an overall limit for GHG emissions from major sources in the state that begins on January 1, 2023 and declines yearly to 95 below 1990 levels by 2050. Similarly, in Oregon, in March 2020, the Oregon Governor issued an executive order (EO) establishing GHG emissions reduction goals and directing state agencies and commissions (including the ODEQ and the OPUC) to facilitate such GHG emission goals. In December 2021, the ODEQ concluded its process and issued final cap and reduce rules for the Climate Protection Program (CPP), which became effective January 1, 2022. The CPP outlines GHG emissions reduction goals of 50 by 2035 and 90 by 2050 from a 1990 baseline. NW Natural is subject to both the CCA and CPP. We expect that there will be additional efforts to address climate change in the 2023 legislative sessions in both Oregon and Washington and we cannot predict whether the legislatures will pass any climate related legislation and the potential impact any such legislation may have on the Company. In addition, the State of Washington has enacted and the State of Oregon and some local jurisdictions are considering building codes that could have the effect of disfavoring or disallowing natural gas in residential or commercial new construction or conversions, including locations within our service territory, such as the recent actions by the City of Eugene to disallow gas in new residential construction beginning with permits issued in mid-2023. A number of local and county jurisdictions are also proposing or passing renewable energy resolutions or other measures in an effort to accelerate renewable energy goals. 
 
 Such current or future legislation, regulation or other initiatives (including executive orders, ballot initiatives or ordinances) could impose on our natural gas businesses operational requirements or restrictions, additional charges to fund energy efficiency initiatives, or levy a tax based on carbon content. In addition, certain jurisdictions, including San Francisco, Seattle, and New York have enacted measures to ban or discourage the use of new natural gas hookups in residential or other buildings. Other jurisdictions, including several in our service territory, such as the city of Milwaukie, have considered or are currently considering similar restrictions or other measures discouraging the use of natural gas, such as limitations or bans on the use of natural gas in new construction, requiring the conversion of buildings to electric heat, or adopting policies or incentives to encourage the use of electricity in lieu of natural gas. Such restrictions could adversely impact customer growth or usage and could adversely impact our ability to recover costs and maintain reasonable customer rates. In addition, certain cities, local jurisdictions and private parties have initiated lawsuits against companies related to climate change impacts, GHG emissions or climate-related disclosures. While NW Natural has not been subject to such litigation to date, such climate-related claims or actions could be costly to defend and could negatively impact our business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 NW Natural believes natural gas has an important role in moving the Pacific Northwest to a low carbon future, and to that end is developing programs and measures to reduce carbon emissions. However, NW Natural s efforts may not happen quickly enough to keep pace with legislation or other regulation, legal changes or public sentiment, or may be more costly or not be as effective as expected. Any of these initiatives, or our unsuccessful response to them, could result in us incurring additional costs to comply with the imposed policies, regulations, restrictions or programs, provide a cost or other competitive advantage to energy sources other than natural gas, reduce demand for natural gas, restrict our customer growth, impose costs or restrictions on end users of natural gas, impact the prices we charge our customers, increase the likelihood of litigation, impose increased costs on us associated with the adoption of new infrastructure and technology to respond to such requirements which may or may not be recoverable in customer rates, and could negatively impact public perception of our services or products that negatively diminishes the value of our brand, all of which could adversely affect NW Holdings or NW Natural s business operations, financial condition and results of operations. 
 26 

Business Continuity and Technology Risks 
 BUSINESS CONTINUITY RISK. NW Holdings and NW Natural may be adversely impacted by local or national disasters, political unrest, terrorist activities, cyber-attacks or data breaches, and other extreme events to which we may not be able to promptly respond, which could adversely affect NW Holdings or NW Natural s operations or financial condition. 
 
 Local or national disasters, political unrest, terrorist activities, cyber-attacks and data breaches, and other extreme events are a threat to our assets and operations. Companies in critical infrastructure industries may face a heightened risk due to being the target of, and having heightened exposure to, acts of terrorism or sabotage, including physical and security breaches of our physical infrastructure and information technology systems in the form of cyber-attacks or other forms of attacks. These attacks could, among other things, target or impact our technology or mechanical systems that operate our distribution, transmission or storage facilities and result in a disruption in our operations, damage to our system and inability to meet customer requirements. In addition, the threat of terrorist activities could lead to increased economic instability and volatility in the price of RNG, natural gas or other necessary commodities that could affect our operations. Threatened or actual national disasters or terrorist activities may also disrupt capital or bank markets and our ability to raise capital or obtain debt financing, or impact our suppliers or our customers directly. Local disaster or civil unrest could result in disruption of our infrastructure or part of our workforce being unable to operate or maintain our infrastructure or perform other tasks necessary to conduct our business. A slow or inadequate response to events may have an adverse impact on our operations and earnings. We may not be able to maintain sufficient insurance to cover all risks associated with local and national disasters, terrorist activities, cyber-attacks and other attacks or events. Additionally, large scale natural disasters or terrorist attacks could destabilize the insurance industry making the insurance we do have unavailable, which could increase the risk that an event could adversely affect NW Holdings or NW Natural s operations or financial results. 
 
 RELIANCE ON TECHNOLOGY RISK. NW Holdings and NW Natural s efforts to integrate, consolidate and streamline each of their operations has resulted in increased reliance on technology, the failure of which could adversely affect NW Holdings or NW Natural s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 NW Holdings and NW Natural have undertaken a variety of initiatives to integrate, standardize, centralize and streamline operations. These efforts have resulted in greater reliance on technological tools such as, at NW Natural: an enterprise resource planning system, a digital dispatch system, an automated meter reading system, a web-based ordering and tracking system, and other similar technological tools and initiatives. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and adapt to technological changes in a cost-effective manner and to offer, on a timely basis, services that meet customer demands and evolving industry standards. New technologies may emerge that could be superior to, or may not be compatible with, some of our existing technologies, and may require us to make significant expenditures to remain competitive. We continue to implement technology to improve our business processes and customer interactions. In addition, our various existing information technology systems require periodic modifications, upgrades and/or replacement. For example, NW Natural has recently implemented upgrades to its SAP system and intends to replace its customer information system in the near future. 
 
 There are various risks associated with these systems in addition to upgrades and replacements, including hardware and software failure, communications failure, data distortion or destruction, unauthorized access to data, misuse of proprietary or confidential data, unauthorized control through electronic means, programming mistakes and other inadvertent errors or deliberate human acts. In addition, we are dependent on a continuing flow of important components and appropriately skilled individuals to maintain and upgrade our information technology systems. Our suppliers have faced disruptions due to COVID-19 and may face additional production or import delays due to natural disasters, strikes, lock-outs, political unrest, pandemics (including COVID-19) or other such circumstances. Technology services provided by third-parties also could be disrupted due to events and circumstances beyond our control which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Any modifications, upgrades, system maintenance or replacements subject us to inherent costs and risks, including potential disruption of our internal control structure, substantial capital expenditures, additional administrative and operating expenses, retention of sufficiently skilled personnel to implement and operate the new systems, and other risks and costs of delays or difficulties in transitioning to new systems or of integrating new systems into our current systems. In addition, the difficulties with implementing new technology systems may cause disruptions in our business operations and have an adverse effect on our business and operations, if not anticipated and appropriately mitigated. There is also risk that we may not be able to recover all costs associated with projects to improve our technological capabilities, which may adversely affect NW Holdings or NW Natural s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 CYBERSECURITY RISK. NW Holdings and NW Natural s status as an infrastructure services provider coupled with its reliance on technology could result in a security breach which could adversely affect NW Holdings or NW Natural s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Although we take precautions to protect our technology systems and are not aware of any material security breaches to date, there is no guarantee that the procedures we have implemented to protect against unauthorized access to secured data and systems, including our industrial controls and other information technology systems, are adequate to safeguard against all security breaches or other cyberattacks. Additionally, the facilities and systems of clients, suppliers and third party service providers also could be vulnerable to cyber risks and attacks, and such third party systems may be interconnected to our 
 27 

systems. Therefore, an event caused by cyberattacks or other malicious act at an interconnected third party could impact our business and facilities similarly. As these potential cyber security attacks become more common and sophisticated, we could be required to incur costs to strengthen our systems or maintain insurance coverage against potential losses. Moreover, a variety of regulatory agencies are increasingly focused on cybersecurity risks, and specifically in critical infrastructure sectors. For example, the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) has published multiple security directives and is currently in the process of implementing formal rules mandating cybersecurity actions for critical pipeline owners and operators. Failure to timely and effectively meet the requirements of these directives or other cybersecurity regulations could result in fines or other penalties. We are continuing to evaluate the potential costs of implementation of these directives, and there is no assurance that we will be able to continue to recover in rates costs associated with such compliance. 
 
 In addition, our businesses could experience breaches of security pertaining to sensitive customer, employee, and vendor information maintained by us in the normal course of business, which could adversely affect our reputation, diminish customer confidence, disrupt operations, materially increase the costs we incur to protect against these risks, and subject us to possible financial liability or increased regulation or litigation. All of these risks could adversely affect NW Holdings or NW Natural s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Financial and Economic Risks 
 HOLDING COMPANY DIVIDEND RISK. As a holding company, NW Holdings depends on its operating subsidiaries, including NW Natural, to meet financial obligations and the ability of NW Holdings to pay dividends on its common stock is dependent on the receipt of dividends and other payments from its subsidiaries, including NW Natural. 
 
 As a holding company, NW Holdings only significant assets are the stock and membership interests of its operating subsidiaries, which at this time is primarily NW Natural. NW Holdings direct and indirect subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities, managed by their own boards of directors, and have no obligation to pay any amounts to their respective shareholders, whether through dividends, loans or other payments. The ability of these companies to pay dividends or make other distributions on their common stock is subject to, among other things: their results of operations, net income, cash flows and financial condition, as well as the success of their business strategies and general economic and competitive conditions; the prior rights of holders of existing and future debt securities and any future preferred stock issued by those companies; and any applicable legal restrictions. 
 
 In addition, the ability of NW Holdings subsidiaries to pay upstream dividends and make other distributions is subject to applicable state law and regulatory restrictions. Under the OPUC and WUTC regulatory approvals for the holding company formation, if NW Natural ceases to comply with credit and capital structure requirements approved by the OPUC and WUTC, it will not, with limited exceptions, be permitted to pay dividends to NW Holdings. Under the OPUC and WUTC orders authorizing the holding company reorganization, NW Natural may not pay dividends or make distributions to NW Holdings if NW Natural s credit ratings and common equity levels fall below specified ratings and levels. If NW Natural s long-term secured credit ratings are below A- for S P and A3 for Moody s, dividends may be issued so long as NW Natural s common equity is 45 or above. If NW Natural s long-term secured credit ratings are below BBB for S P and Baa2 for Moody s, dividends may be issued so long as NW Natural s common equity is 46 or above. Dividends may not be issued if NW Natural s long-term secured credit ratings fall to BB+ or below for S P or Ba1 or below for Moody s, or if NW Natural s common equity is below 44 . The ratio is measured using common equity and long-term debt excluding imputed debt or debt-like lease obligations, and is determined on a preceding or projected 13-month basis. 
 
 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT RISK. The cost of providing pension and postretirement healthcare benefits is subject to changes in pension assets and liabilities, changing employee demographics and changing actuarial assumptions, which may have an adverse effect on NW Holdings or NW Natural s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Until NW Natural closed the pension plans to new hires, which for non-union employees was in 2006 and for union employees was in 2009, it provided pension plans and postretirement healthcare benefits to eligible full-time utility employees and retirees. Approximately 30 of NW Natural s current utility employees were hired prior to these dates, and therefore remain eligible for these plans. Other businesses we acquire may also have pension plans. The costs to NW Natural, or the other applicable businesses we may acquire, for providing such benefits is subject to change in the market value of the pension assets, changes in employee demographics including longer life expectancies, increases in healthcare costs, current and future legislative changes, and various actuarial calculations and assumptions. The actuarial assumptions used to calculate our future pension and postretirement healthcare expenses may differ materially from actual results due to significant market fluctuations and changing withdrawal rates, wage rates, interest rates and other factors. These differences may result in an adverse impact on the amount of pension contributions, pension expense or other postretirement benefit costs recorded in future periods. Sustained declines in equity markets and reductions in bond rates may have a material adverse effect on the value of the pension fund assets and liabilities. In these circumstances, NW Natural may be required to recognize increased contributions and pension expense earlier than it had planned to the extent that the value of pension assets is less than the total anticipated liability under the plans, which could have a negative impact on NW Holdings and NW Natural s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 HEDGING RISK. NW Holdings and NW Natural s risk management policies and hedging activities cannot eliminate the risk of commodity price movements and other financial market risks, and hedging activities may expose us to additional liabilities for 
 28 

which rate recovery may be disallowed, which could result in an adverse impact on NW Holdings and NW Natural s operating revenues, costs, derivative assets and liabilities and operating cash flows. 
 
 NW Natural s gas purchasing requirements expose us to risks of commodity price movements, while NW Holdings and NW Natural s use of debt and equity financing exposes us to interest rate, liquidity and other financial market risks. We attempt to manage these exposures with both financial and physical hedging mechanisms, including NW Natural s gas reserves transactions which are hedges backed by physical gas supplies and interest rate hedging arrangements at NW Holdings and NWN Water. While we have risk management procedures for hedging in place, they may not always work as planned and cannot entirely eliminate the risks associated with hedging. Additionally, our hedging activities may cause us to incur additional expenses to obtain the hedge. We do not hedge our entire interest rate or commodity cost exposure, and the unhedged exposure will vary over time. Gains or losses experienced through NW Natural s hedging activities, including carrying costs, generally flow through NW Natural s PGA mechanism or are recovered in future general rate cases. However, the hedge transactions NW Natural enters into for utility purposes are subject to a prudence review by the OPUC and WUTC, and, if found imprudent, those expenses may be, and have been previously, disallowed, which could have an adverse effect on NW Holdings or NW Natural s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, our actual business requirements and available resources may vary from forecasts, which are used as the basis for hedging decisions and could cause our exposure to be more or less than anticipated. Moreover, if NW Natural s derivative instruments and hedging transactions do not qualify for regulatory deferral and it does not elect hedge accounting treatment under U.S. GAAP, NW Holdings or NW Natural s results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 NW Holdings and NW Natural also have credit-related exposure to derivative counterparties. Counterparties owing NW Holdings, NW Natural or their respective subsidiaries money or physical natural gas commodities could breach their obligations. Should the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, we may be forced to enter into alternative arrangements to meet our normal business requirements. In that event, NW Holdings or NW Natural s financial results could be adversely affected. Additionally, under most of NW Natural s hedging arrangements, any downgrade of its senior unsecured long-term debt credit rating could allow its counterparties to require NW Natural to post cash, a letter of credit or other form of collateral, which would expose NW Natural to additional costs and may trigger significant increases in borrowing from its credit facilities or equity contribution needs from NW Holdings, if the credit rating downgrade is below investment grade. Further, based on current interpretations, each of NW Holdings, NW Natural and NWN Water is not considered a "swap dealer" or "major swap participant" in 2022, so we are exempt from certain requirements under the Dodd-Frank Act. If we are unable to claim this exemption, we could be subject to higher costs for our derivatives activities, and such higher costs could have a negative impact on NW Holdings and NW Natural s operating costs and financial results. 
 
 GAS PRICE RISK. Higher natural gas commodity prices and volatility in the price of gas may adversely affect NW Natural s NGD business, whereas lower gas price volatility may adversely affect NW Natural s gas storage business, negatively affecting NW Holdings and NW Natural s results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 The cost of natural gas is affected by a variety of factors, including weather, changes in demand, the level of production and availability of natural gas supplies, transportation constraints, availability and cost of pipeline capacity, federal, state and local energy and environmental policy, regulation and legislation, natural disasters and other catastrophic events, national and worldwide economic and political conditions, and the price and availability of alternative fuels. In 2021 and 2022 there was increased pricing and volatility in the current and forward gas markets. At NW Natural, the cost we pay for natural gas is generally passed through to customers through an annual PGA rate adjustment. If gas prices were to increase significantly and remain higher, it could raise the cost of energy to NW Natural s customers, potentially causing those customers to conserve or switch to alternate sources of energy. Sustained significant price increases could also cause new home builders and commercial developers to select alternative energy sources. Decreases in the volume of gas NW Natural sells could reduce NW Holdings or NW Natural s earnings, and a decline in customers could slow growth in future earnings. Additionally, notwithstanding NW Natural s current rate structure, higher gas costs could result in increased pressure on the OPUC or the WUTC to seek other means to reduce NW Natural s rates, which also could adversely affect NW Holdings and NW Natural s results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Temporary gas price increases can also adversely affect NW Holdings and NW Natural s operating cash flows, liquidity and results of operations because a portion (10 or 20 of any difference between the estimated average PGA gas cost in rates and the actual average gas cost incurred is recognized as current income or expense. 
 
 Temporary or sustained higher gas prices may also cause NW Natural to experience an increase in short-term debt and temporarily reduce liquidity because it pays suppliers for gas when it is purchased, which can be in advance of when these costs are recovered through rates. Significant increases in the price of gas can also slow collection efforts as customers experience increased difficulty in paying their higher energy bills, leading to higher than normal delinquent accounts receivable resulting in greater expense associated with collection efforts and increased bad debt expense. 
 
 29 

INABILITY TO ACCESS CAPITAL MARKET RISK. NW Holdings or NW Natural s inability to access capital, or significant increases in the cost of capital, could adversely affect NW Holdings or NW Natural s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 NW Holdings and NW Natural s ability to obtain adequate and cost effective short-term and long-term financing depends on maintaining investment grade credit profiles, perceptions of our business in capital markets, and the existence of liquid and stable financial markets. NW Holdings relies on access to equity and bank markets to finance equity contributions to subsidiaries and other business requirements. NW Natural relies on access to capital and bank markets, including commercial paper and bond markets, to finance its operations, construction expenditures and other business requirements, and to refinance maturing debt that cannot be funded entirely by internal cash flows. Disruptions in capital markets, including but not limited to, pandemics, political unrest, inflationary pressures, recessionary pressures, or rising interest rates could adversely affect our ability to access short-term and long-term financing or refinance maturing indebtedness. Our access to funds under committed credit facilities, which are currently provided by a number of banks, is dependent on the ability of the participating banks to meet their funding commitments. Those banks may not be able to meet their funding commitments if they experience shortages of capital and liquidity. Disruptions in the bank or capital financing markets as a result of economic uncertainty, changing or increased regulation of the financial sector, or failure of major financial institutions, or disruptions in credit markets, could adversely affect NW Holdings and NW Natural s access to capital and negatively impact our ability to run our businesses, achieve NW Natural s authorized rate of return, and make strategic investments. 
 
 Furthermore, recent trends toward investments that are perceived to be green or sustainable could shift capital away from, or increase the cost of capital for, our natural gas business. We believe our business is an important component of a low carbon future and are striving to decarbonize our systems. Nevertheless, perceptions in the financial markets could differ or outpace our decarbonization progress and result in a shift funding away from, or limit or restrict certain forms of funding for, natural gas businesses. 
 
 NW Natural is currently rated by S P and Moody s and a negative change in its credit ratings, particularly below investment grade, could adversely affect its cost of borrowing and access to sources of liquidity and capital. Such a downgrade could further limit its access to borrowing under available credit lines. Additionally, downgrades in its current credit ratings below investment grade could cause additional delays in NW Natural's ability to access the capital markets while it seeks supplemental state regulatory approval, which could hamper its ability to access credit markets on a timely basis. NW Holdings' credit profile is largely supported by NW Natural s credit ratings and any negative change in NW Natural s credit ratings would likely negatively impact NW Holdings access to sources of liquidity and capital and cost of borrowing. A credit downgrade to NW Natural, or resulting negative impact on NW Holdings, could also require additional support in the form of letters of credit, cash or other forms of collateral and otherwise adversely affect NW Holdings' or NW Natural s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS OR GOODWILL RISK . Impairments of the value of long-lived assets or goodwill could have a material effect on NW Holdings or NW Natural s financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 NW Holdings and NW Natural review the carrying value of long-lived assets other than goodwill whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the assets might not be recoverable. The determination of recoverability is based on the undiscounted net cash flows expected to result from the operation of such assets. Projected cash flows depend on the future operating costs and projected revenues associated with the asset. 
 
 We review the carrying value of goodwill annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that such carrying value may not be recoverable. A goodwill impairment analysis begins with a qualitative analysis of events and circumstances. If the qualitative assessment indicates that the carrying value may be at risk, we will perform a quantitative assessment and recognize a goodwill impairment for any amount in which the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value. NW Holdings' total goodwill was 149.3 million as of December 31, 2022 and 70.6 million as of December 31, 2021. All of our goodwill is related to water and wastewater acquisitions. There have been no impairments recognized for the water and wastewater acquisitions to date. Any impairment charge taken with respect to our long-lived assets or goodwill could be material and could have a material effect on NW Holdings or NW Natural s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 CUSTOMER CONSERVATION RISK. Customers conservation efforts may have a negative impact on NW Holdings and NW Natural s revenues. 
 
 An increasing national focus on energy conservation, including improved building practices and appliance efficiencies may result in increased energy conservation by customers. This can decrease NW Natural s sales of natural gas and adversely affect NW Holdings or NW Natural s results of operations because revenues are collected mostly through volumetric rates, based on the amount of gas sold. In Oregon, NW Natural has a conservation tariff which is designed to recover lost utility margin due to declines in residential and small commercial customers consumption. However, NW Natural does not have a conservation tariff in Washington that provides it this margin protection on sales to customers in that state. Similar conservation risks exist for water utilities. Customers conservation efforts may have a negative impact on NW Holdings' and NW Natural s financial condition, revenues and results of operations. 

30 

WEATHER RISK. Warmer than average weather may have a negative impact on our revenues and results of operations. 
 
 We are exposed to weather risk in our natural gas business, primarily at NW Natural. A majority of NW Natural s gas volume is driven by gas sales to space heating residential and small commercial customers during the winter heating season. Current NW Natural rates are based on an assumption of average weather. Warmer than average weather typically results in lower gas sales. Colder weather typically results in higher gas sales. Although the effects of warmer or colder weather on utility margin in Oregon are expected to be mitigated through the operation of NW Natural s weather normalization mechanism, weather variations from normal could adversely affect utility margin because NW Natural may be required to purchase more or less gas at spot rates, which may be higher or lower than the rates assumed in its PGA. Also, a portion of NW Natural s Oregon residential and commercial customers (usually less than 10 have opted out of the weather normalization mechanism, and approximately 12 of its customers are located in Washington where it does not have a weather normalization mechanism. These effects could have an adverse effect on NW Holdings and NW Natural s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Water Business Risks 
 WATER SECTOR BUSINESS. NW Holdings has entered the water sector through the acquisition of a number of water and wastewater companies. Water and wastewater businesses are subject to a number of risks in addition to the risks described above. 
 
 Although the water businesses are not currently expected to materially contribute to the results of operations of NW Holdings, these businesses are subject to risks, in addition to those described above that could adversely affect their results of operations, including: 
 contamination of water supplies, including water provided to customers with naturally occurring or human-made substances or other hazardous materials; 
 interruptions in water supplies and service, natural disasters and droughts; 
 insufficient water supplies, limitations on or disputes with respect to water rights or supplies, or the inability to secure water rights or supplies at a reasonable cost; 
 disruptions to the wastewater collection and treatment process; 
 reliance on third parties for water supplies and transportation of such water supplies; 
 conservation efforts by customers; 
 regulatory and legal requirements, including environmental, health and safety laws and regulations; 
 operational risks, including customer and employee safety; 
 the outcome of rate cases and other regulatory proceedings; and 
 weather conditions. 
 
 Significant losses, liabilities or impairments arising from these businesses may adversely affect NW Holdings' financial position or results of operations. 
 
 INVESTMENT RISK. NW Holdings expectations with respect to the financial results of its investments in water operations are based on various assumptions and beliefs that may not prove accurate, resulting in failures or delays in achieving expected returns or performance. 
 
 NW Holdings expansion into the water sector is an important component of its growth strategy. Although NW Holdings expects its water and wastewater utility operations will result in various benefits, including expanding customer bases, providing investment opportunities through infrastructure development and enhancing regulatory relationships within the local communities served, NW Holdings may not be able to realize these or other benefits. Achieving the anticipated benefits is subject to a number of uncertainties, including whether the businesses acquired can be operated in the manner intended and whether costs to finance the acquisitions and investments will be consistent with expectations, as well as whether investments in the water sector can reach scale in a reasonable period of time. Events outside of our control, including but not limited to regulatory changes or developments, could adversely affect our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from building NW Holdings water platform. The integration of newly acquired water businesses, particularly over a noncontiguous geographic regions, may be unpredictable, subject to delays or changed circumstances, and such businesses may not perform in accordance with our expectations. In addition, anticipated costs, level of management s attention and internal resources to achieve the integration of or operate the acquired businesses may differ significantly from our current estimates resulting in failures or delays in achieving expected returns or performance. If NW Holdings' expectations regarding the financial results of its investments in water operations prove to be inaccurate, it may adversely affect NW Holdings' financial position or results of operations. 
 
 Non-Regulated RNG Risks 
 INVESTMENT RISK. NW Holdings expectations with respect to the financial results of its investments in non-regulated RNG investments are based on various assumptions and beliefs that may not prove accurate, resulting in failures or delays in achieving expected returns. 
 
 NW Holdings expansion into the non-regulated RNG business is an important component of its growth strategy. Although NW Holdings expects this expansion will result in various benefits, including providing cost-effective solutions to decarbonize the utility, commercial, industrial and transportation sectors, NW Holdings may not be able to realize these or other benefits. Achieving the anticipated benefits is subject to a number of uncertainties, including whether the investments can be made at an 
 31 

expected scale, whether the investments can be monetized in the manner intended, and whether costs to finance the investments will be consistent with expectations. Events outside of our control, including but not limited to market or regulatory changes or developments, could adversely affect our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from building NW Holdings non-regulated RNG platform. The establishment and growth of a non-regulated RNG business may be unpredictable, subject to uncertainties or changed circumstances, and such business may not perform in accordance with our expectations. In addition, anticipated costs, level of management s attention and internal resources to achieve the integration of the acquired investments may differ significantly from our current estimates resulting in failures or delays in achieving expected returns or performance. We could additionally experience unsuccessful business models; technological challenges; ineffective scalability or inability to achieve production volumes consistent with our expectations and marketing arrangements; construction delays or cost overruns; disputes with third party business partners; risks related to markets for RNG and its associated attributes (including changes in market regulation, behavior, or prices); the inability to receive expected tax or regulatory treatment; or unexpected operating costs. If NW Holdings' expectations regarding the financial results of its investments in non-regulated RNG prove to be inaccurate, it may adversely affect NW Holdings' financial position or results of operations. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 We have no unresolved staff comments. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 NW Natural's Natural Gas Distribution Properties 
 NW Natural's natural gas pipeline system consists of approximately 14,200 miles of distribution mains, approximately 700 miles of transmission mains and approximately 10,200 miles of service lines located in its territory in Oregon and southwest Washington. In addition, the pipeline system includes service regulators and meters, as well as district regulators and metering stations. Natural gas pipelines are located in public rights-of-way pursuant to franchise agreements or other ordinances, or on lands of others pursuant to easements obtained from the owners of such lands. NW Natural also holds permits for the crossing of numerous railroads, navigable waterways and smaller tributaries throughout our entire service territory. 
 
 NW Natural owns service building facilities in Portland, Oregon, as well as various satellite service centers, garages, warehouses, and other buildings necessary and useful in the conduct of its business. Resource centers are maintained on owned or leased premises at convenient points in the distribution system to provide service within NW Natural's service territory. 
 
 NW Natural commenced a 20-year lease in March 2020 for a headquarters and operations center in Portland, Oregon. 
 
 NW Natural's Mortgage and Deed of Trust (Mortgage) is a first mortgage lien on certain gas properties owned from time to time by NW Natural, including substantially all of the property constituting NW Natural's natural gas distribution plant balances. 
 
 These properties are used in the NGD segment. 
 
 NW Natural's Natural Gas Storage Properties 
 NW Natural holds leases and other property interests in approximately 12,000 net acres of underground natural gas storage in Oregon and easements and other property interests related to pipelines associated with these facilities. NW Natural owns rights to depleted gas reservoirs near Mist, Oregon that are continuing to be developed and operated as underground gas storage facilities. NW Natural also holds all future storage rights in certain other areas of the Mist gas field in Oregon in addition to other leases and property interests. 
 
 NW Natural owns LNG storage facilities in Portland and near Newport, Oregon. 
 
 A portion of these properties are used in the NGD segment. 
 
 NWN Water's Distribution Properties 
 NWN Water owns and maintains water distribution pipes, storage, wells and other infrastructure and wastewater treatment facilities, and holds related leases and other property interests in Oregon, Washington, Idaho, Texas and Arizona. Pipelines are located in municipal streets or alleys pursuant to franchise or occupation ordinances, in county roads or state highways pursuant to agreements or permits granted pursuant to statute, or on lands of others pursuant to easements obtained from the owners of such lands. These properties are used by entities that are aggregated and reported as other under NW Holdings. 
 
 We consider all of our properties currently used in our operations, both owned and leased, to be well maintained, in good operating condition, and, along with planned additions, adequate for our present and foreseeable future needs. 
 
 32 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 Other than the proceedings disclosed in Note 17, we have only nonmaterial litigation in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 NW Holdings' common stock is listed and trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol NWN. 
 
 There is no established public trading market for NW Natural's common stock. 
 
 As of February 16, 2023, there were 4,249 holders of record of NW Holdings' common stock and NW Holdings was the sole holder of NW Natural's common stock. 
 
 The following table provides information about purchases of NW Holdings' equity securities that are registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, during the quarter ended December 31, 2022: 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (2) 
 Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (2) 
 Balance forward 2,124,528 16,732,648 10/01/22-10/31/22 11/01/22-11/30/22 4,431 47.34 12/01/22-12/31/22 Total 4,431 2,124,528 16,732,648 
 
 (1) During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, no shares of NW Holdings common stock were purchased on the open market to meet the requirements of our Dividend Reinvestment and Direct Stock Purchase Plan. However, 4,431 shares of NW Holdings common stock were purchased on the open market to meet the requirements of share-based compensation programs. During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, no shares of NW Holdings common stock were accepted as payment for stock option exercises pursuant to the NW Natural Restated Stock Option Plan. 
 (2) During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, no shares of NW Holdings common stock were repurchased pursuant to the NW Holdings Board of Directors-approved share repurchase program. In May 2019, we received NW Holdings Board of Directors approval to extend the repurchase program through May 2022. Effective August 3, 2022, we received NW Holdings Board approval to extend the repurchase program. Such authorization will continue until the program is used, terminated or replaced. For more information on this program, see Note 5. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 
 Not applicable. 
 33 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following is management s assessment of NW Holdings' and NW Natural's financial condition, including the principal factors that affect results of operations. The discussion covers the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 and refers to the consolidated results of NW Holdings, the substantial majority of which consist of the operating results of NW Natural. When significant activity exists at NW Holdings that does not exist at NW Natural, additional disclosure has been provided. References in this discussion to "Notes" are to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report. 
 
 NW Natural's natural gas distribution activities are reported in the natural gas distribution (NGD) segment. The NGD segment also includes NWN Gas Reserves, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Energy Corp, the NGD-portion of NW Natural's Mist storage facility in Oregon, and NW Natural RNG Holding Company, LLC. NW Natural RNG Holding Company, LLC holds an investment in Lexington Renewable Energy, LLC, which is accounted for under the equity method. Other activities aggregated and reported as other at NW Natural include the non-NGD storage activity at Mist as well as asset management services and the appliance retail center operations. Other activities aggregated and reported as other at NW Holdings include NNG Financial's investment in Kelso-Beaver Pipeline (KB Pipeline); NW Natural Renewables Holdings, LLC and its non-regulated renewable natural gas activities; and NWN Water, which through itself or its subsidiaries, owns and continues to pursue investments in the water and wastewater sector. See Note 4 for further discussion of our business segment and other, as well as our direct and indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries. 
 
 In addition, NW Holdings has reported discontinued operations results related to the sale of Gill Ranch Storage, LLC (Gill Ranch). NW Natural Gas Storage, LLC (NWN Gas Storage), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of NW Holdings, entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement during the second quarter of 2018 that provided for the sale of all membership interests in Gill Ranch. Gill Ranch owns a 75 interest in the natural gas storage facility located near Fresno, California known as the Gill Ranch Gas Storage Facility. The sale was completed on December 4, 2020. For more information, see "Results of Operations - Discontinued Operations " below. 
 
 NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES. In addition to presenting the results of operations and earnings amounts in total, certain financial measures are expressed in cents per share, which are non-GAAP financial measures. All references in this section to earnings per share (EPS) are on the basis of diluted shares. Such non-GAAP financial measures are used to analyze our financial performance because we believe they provide useful information to our investors and creditors in evaluating our financial condition and results of operations. Our non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, measures calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Moreover, these non-GAAP financial measures have limitations in that they do not reflect all the items associated with the operations of the business as determined in accordance with GAAP. Other companies may calculate similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures differently than how such measures are calculated in this report, limiting the usefulness of those measures for comparative purposes. A reconciliation of each non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is provided below. 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Diluted EPS - Total (1) 
 2.54 2.56 2.51 Diluted EPS - NGD segment (2) 
 2.34 2.24 2.08 Diluted EPS - NW Holdings - other (2) 
 0.20 0.32 0.22 Diluted EPS - Discontinued operations 0.21 
 (1) Total Diluted EPS is equal to the sum of Diluted EPS - NGD segment, Diluted EPS - NW Holdings other, and Diluted EPS - Discontinued operations. 
 (2) Non-GAAP financial measure 
 34 

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
 
 NW Holdings' financial results and highlights for the year include: 
 Added 8,600 natural gas customers in 2022 for an annual growth rate of 1.1 at December 31, 2022; 
 Invested nearly 340 million in natural gas and water utility systems to support growth, enhance reliability and resiliency, and upgrade technology; 
 Scored second in the West among large utilities in the 2022 J.D. Power Gas Utility Residential Customer Satisfaction Study, making this the 19 th consecutive year customers have ranked NW Natural among the top two utilities; 
 Completed construction on Lexington renewable natural gas (RNG) facility procuring environmental benefits for NW Natural customers; 
 Received Oregon rate case order providing a revenue requirement increase of approximately 59.4 million, with new rates effective November 1, 2022; 
 Closed seven water and wastewater utility transactions in 2022, including our largest water and wastewater acquisition to date in Yuma, Arizona, bringing our total connections to approximately 62,500; and 
 Increased dividends for the 67 th consecutive year to shareholders. 
 
 Key financial highlights for NW Holdings include: 
 2022 2021 2020 In millions Amount Per Share Amount Per Share Amount Per Share Net income from continuing operations 86.3 2.54 78.7 2.56 70.3 2.30 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 6.5 0.21 Consolidated net income 86.3 2.54 78.7 2.56 76.8 2.51 
 
 Key financial highlights for NW Natural include: 
 2022 2021 2020 In millions Amount Amount Amount Consolidated net income 91.6 81.2 70.6 Natural gas distribution margin 505.9 479.8 438.1 
 
 2022 COMPARED TO 2021. Consolidated net income increased 10.4 million at NW Natural primarily due to the following factors: 
 26.1 million increase in NGD segment margin driven by new rates in Oregon and Washington, customer growth, and amortization of deferred balances; and 
 12.3 million increase in other income, net primarily due to lower pension costs; partially offset by 
 16.0 million increase in operations and maintenance expenses due to higher contract labor, amortization expense related to cloud computing arrangements, information technology costs, and professional service fees; 
 3.3 million increase in interest expense primarily due to higher long-term debt balances and higher interest rates; 
 2.7 million increase in income tax expense due to an increase in pretax income; 
 2.5 million increase in depreciation expense due to additional capital investments; and 
 2.0 million increase in general taxes primarily driven by higher property taxes. 
 
 Net income from continuing operations increased 7.6 million at NW Holdings primarily due to the following factors: 
 10.4 million increase in consolidated net income at NW Natural as discussed above; partially offset by 
 2.8 million decrease in other net income primarily reflecting higher interest expense at the holding company. 
 
 Diluted EPS for NW Holdings decreased 0.02 per share primarily due to a common share issuance on April 1, 2022 and share issuances through NW Holdings' at-the-market program, partially offset by an increase in consolidated net income. 
 
 2021 COMPARED TO 2020. Consolidated net income increased 10.6 million at NW Natural primarily due to the following factors: 
 41.7 million increase in NGD segment margin driven by the 2020 Oregon rate case and residential customer growth; 
 7.9 million increase in asset management revenue primarily due to the 2021 cold weather event discussed below; and 
 2.4 million decrease in other income (expense), net driven by higher interest income on regulatory assets and lower pension non-service costs; partially offset by 
 19.9 million increase in operations and maintenance expenses due to higher information technology expenses, compensation and benefit costs, and lease expense; 
 8.9 million increase in depreciation expense due to property, plant, and equipment additions as we continued to invest in our gas utility system; 
 7.2 million increase in income tax expense due to an increase in pretax income and Oregon Corporate Activity Tax; 
 3.7 million increase in general taxes primarily due to higher assessed property values; and 
 2.1 million increase in interest expense primarily due to lower AFUDC interest income. 

35 

Net income from continuing operations increased 8.4 million at NW Holdings primarily due to the following factors: 
 10.6 million increase in consolidated net income at NW Natural as discussed above; partially offset by 
 2.2 million decrease in other net income primarily reflecting higher business development and consulting costs at NW Holdings. 
 
 2021 COLD WEATHER EVENT. In February 2021, Portland, Oregon and the surrounding region, like much of the country, experienced a severe winter storm with several days of colder temperatures resulting in elevated natural gas demand and significantly higher spot prices. Additional market gas purchases and other expenses resulted in approxim ately 29 million o f higher commodity costs, of which approximately 27 million was deferred to a regulatory asset for recovery in future rates. The result was approximately 2 million of lower natural gas utility margin in the first quarter of 2021. The higher commodity costs were offset by approximately 39 million of asset management revenue, of which approximately 33 million was deferred to a regulatory liability for the benefit of customer s. During the first quarter of 2022, NW Natural refunded an interstate storage and asset management sharing credit of approximately 41 million to Oregon customers, which was primarily related to the cold weather event in February 2021. 
 
 CURRENT ECONOMIC CONDITIONS. We are evaluating and monitoring current economic conditions, which include but are not limited to: inflation, rising interest rates and commodity costs, recessionary pressures, heightened cybersecurity awareness, geopolitical uncertainty, and supply chain disruptions. We have enhanced cybersecurity monitoring in response to reports that cybersecurity attacks have increased and may continue to increase. We have not experienced material disruptions in our supply chain for goods and services to date. Our suppliers may be subject to lack of personnel or disruption in their own supply chain for materials, which could disrupt supplier performance or deliveries, and negatively impact our business. Developers and HVAC suppliers have reported longer lead times for furnaces and other HVAC equipment, which may affect the timing of placing new meters into service particularly those converting to natural gas. However, because any supply chain issues are being experienced by vendors who supply directly to customers and not us, we do not have visibility of and are not able to quantify the number of new meters affected at this time. We are continuing to actively monitor supply chain disruptions, and have formulated and continue to evaluate contingency plans as necessary. 
 
 NW Holdings and NW Natural continue to monitor interest rates and financing options for all of its businesses. Interest rates have increased in 2022 resulting from actions taken by the U.S. Federal Reserve to increase short-term rates as inflation remains elevated. NW Natural generally recovers interest expense on its long-term debt through its authorized cost of capital. Certain working capital items, such as the cost of gas, are deferred and accrue interest in Oregon and Washington. Additionally, short-term debt is incorporated in the capital structure in Washington. NW Natural Water's regulated water and wastewater utilities recover interest expense from long-term debt through their respective authorized cost of capital. 

2023 OUTLOOK 
 
 At NW Natural Holdings, we remain focused on our mission: to provide safe, reliable and affordable utility services and renewable energy in a sustainable way to better the lives of the communities we serve. Our core values of integrity, safety, service ethic, caring and environmental stewardship are the foundation for our success and fundamental to our mission. 
 
 Our common goals for each of our business lines is: build and sustain a diverse and inclusive workforce; execute operational priorities to further support safety and reliability for our employees and customers; pursue net carbon neutral energy and sustainable water solutions for our customers, communities and operations, focus on profitable growth across our companies; and work to advance constructive policy and regulation that serves the interest of customers and supports opportunities for growth. 
 
 NW Natural 
 Delivering our products safely and reliably to customers, while keeping our employees safe, is our first priority. At NW Natural, we remain focused on safety and emergency response through hands-on, scenario-based training for our employees. The reliability, resiliency and safety of our gas system is critical and to this end, we remain focused on investing in necessary maintenance and upgrades, preventing third-party damages, and performing regular inspections and assessments. Safety also includes maintaining and strengthening our cybersecurity defenses, upgrading key technology systems, and preparing for large-scale emergency events, such as seismic hazards. 
 
 We have a legacy of providing excellent customer service and a long-standing dedication to continuous improvement, which has resulted in NW Natural consistently receiving high rankings in the J.D. Power and Associates customer satisfaction studies. We plan to continue this legacy by combining the expertise of our customer care and field employees with the benefits of new technologies to provide top-notch customer interactions and meet the evolving expectations of our customers. 
 
 We are focused on working productively with lawmakers and regulators. In 2023, we intend to continue proactively communicating with policymakers and other stakeholders about what we believe is the important role of the gas system in achieving climate goals for our communities. With regulators, we continue to strive to work productively on open proceedings. 
 
 36 

At the same time, we'll strive to continue growing our business by pursuing and adopting unique energy solutions, executing on our capital investment plans, and managing and promoting adoption of advanced technologies. 
 
 We are deeply committed to our core value of environmental stewardship and the vision of a clean energy future. NW Natural has been a leader among gas utilities in innovative programs designed to support a lower carbon future. In 2023, NW Natural intends to continue striving to: execute on our renewable strategy by helping our customers reduce and offset their consumption, work to comply with the Oregon Climate Protection Program (CPP) and Washington Climate Commitment Act (CCA) , procure and invest in RNG for our customers, and continue testing hydrogen blending and other hydrogen pilot projects. 
 
 NW Natural Water 
 Our water and wastewater utility business is committed to providing its customers with safe, clean, reliable and affordable water and wastewater services, while growing organically and through acquisitions. These utilities are focused on supporting their fast-growing communities by executing on capital expenditure programs aimed at safety and reliability and filing general rate cases, where needed, to support these investments. In addition, we continue to promote water conservation and sustainable wastewater management through system investments, regulation, policies and customer programs. 
 
 NW Natural Renewables 
 We launched an unregulated business line in 2021 established to invest in renewable energy through the production and supply of lower-carbon fuels . In 2023, we expect to begin earning revenues from the resale of RNG from our first project with EDL, which involves two RNG facilities. We intend to continue pursuing other similar renewable projects and opportunities. 

DIVIDENDS 
 
 NW Holdings dividend highlights include: 
 Per common share 2022 2021 2020 Dividends paid 1.9325 1.9225 1.9125 
 
 In January 2023, the Board of Directors of NW Holdings declared a quarterly dividend on NW Holdings common stock of 0.4850 per share, payable on February 15, 2023, to shareholders of record on January 31, 2023, reflecting an indicated annual dividend rate of 1.94 per share. 
 
 See "Financial Condition - Liquidity and Capital Resources " for more information regarding the NW Holdings and NW Natural dividend policies and regulatory conditions on NW Natural dividends to its parent, NW Holdings. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Regulatory Matters 
 
 Regulation and Rates 
 NATURAL GAS DISTRIBUTION . NW Natural's natural gas distribution business is subject to regulation by the OPUC and WUTC with respect to, among other matters, rates and terms of service, systems of accounts, and issuances of securities by NW Natural. In 2022, approximately 88 of NGD customers were located in Oregon, with the remaining 12 in Washington. Earnings and cash flows from natural gas distribution operations are largely determined by rates set in general rate cases and other proceedings in Oregon and Washington. They are also affected by weather, the local economies in Oregon and Washington, the pace of customer growth in the residential, commercial, and industrial markets, customer preferences and NW Natural's ability to remain price competitive, control expenses, and obtain reasonable and timely regulatory recovery of its natural gas distribution-related costs, including operating expenses and investment costs in plant and other regulatory assets. See " Most Recent Completed Rate Cases " below. 
 
 MIST INTERSTATE GAS STORAGE . NW Natural's interstate storage activity at Mist is subject to regulation by the OPUC, WUTC, and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) with respect to, among other matters, rates and terms of service. The OPUC also regulates the intrastate storage services at Mist, while FERC regulates the interstate storage services at Mist. The FERC uses a maximum cost of service model which allows for gas storage prices to be set at or below the cost of service as approved by each agency in their last regulatory filing. The OPUC intrastate Schedule 80 rates are tied to the FERC rates, and are updated whenever NW Natural modifies FERC maximum rates. 
 
 OTHER. The wholly-owned regulated water businesses of NWN Water, a wholly-owned subsidiary of NW Holdings, are subject to regulation by the utility commissions in the states in which they are located, which currently includes Oregon, Washington, Arizona, Idaho, and Texas. The wholly-owned regulated wastewater businesses of NWN Water are subject to regulation by the utility commissions in Texas and Arizona. 

37 

Most Recent Completed Rate Cases 
 OREGON . On October 24, 2022, the OPUC issued an order for rates effective November 1, 2022, which authorized a return on equity of 9.4 , a cost of capital of 6.836 , and a capital structure of 50 common equity and 50 long-term debt. After adjustments provided in the order, the order increased the revenue requirement by 59.4 million, and included a rate base of 1.76 billion, or an increase of 320 million since the last rate case. The OPUC also ordered an adjustment to NW Natural s current line extension allowance methodology to a five times margin approach (which for an average residential customer is currently approximately 2,300), declining to four times margin on November 1, 2023, and three times margin on November 1, 2024. The OPUC further ordered that the costs NW Natural sought to recover related to its Lexington RNG project were reasonable and prudently incurred under Senate Bill 98 and adopted an automatic adjustment clause that allows for NW Natural s RNG project costs to be added to rates annually on November 1 st . 
 
 From November 1, 2020 through October 31, 2022, the OPUC authorized rates to customers based on an ROE of 9.4 and a cost of capital of 6.965 with a capital structure of 50 common equity and 50 long-term debt. The OPUC also authorized NW Natural to recover the expense associated with the Oregon Corporate Activity Tax (CAT) as a component of base rates. See " Corporate Activity Tax " in the 2021 Form 10-K. In addition, the OPUC approved the application of NW Natural s decoupling calculation for the months of November and May to the month of April. The decoupling mechanism is intended to encourage customers to conserve energy without adversely affecting revenue due to reductions in sales volumes. 
 
 WASHINGTON . On October 21, 2021, the WUTC issued an order concluding NW Natural's general rate case filed in December 2020 (WUTC Order). The WUTC Order provides for an annual revenue requirement increase over two years, consisting of a 6.4 or 5.0 million increase in the first year beginning November 1, 2021 (Year One), and up to a 3.5 or 3.0 million increase in the second year beginning November 1, 2022 (Year Two). The increase is based on the following assumptions: 
 Cost of capital of 6.814 ; and 
 Average rate base of 194.7 million, an increase of 20.9 million since the last rate case for capital expenditures already expended at the time of filing, with an additional expected 31.2 million increase in Year One, and an additional expected 21.4 million increase in Year Two, with the increases in Year One and Year Two relating to expected capital expenditures in those years. 
 
 The WUTC Order does not specify the underlying inputs to the cost of capital, including capital structure and return on equity. New rates authorized by the WUTC Order were effective November 1, 2021. 
 
 From November 1, 2019 through October 31, 2021, the WUTC authorized rates to customers based on an ROE of 9.4 and an overall rate of return of 7.161 with a capital structure of 50.0 long-term debt, 1.0 short-term debt, and 49.0 common equity. The WUTC also authorized the recovery of environmental remediation expenses allocable to Washington customers through an Environmental Cost Recovery Mechanism (ECRM) and directed NW Natural to provide federal tax reform benefits to customers. See "Rate Mechanisms - Environmental Cost Deferral and Recovery - Washington ECRM " below. 
 
 FERC. NW Natural is required under its Mist interstate storage certificate authority and rate approval orders to file every five years either a petition for rate approval or a cost and revenue study to change or justify maintaining the existing rates for its interstate storage services. On October 12, 2018, NW Natural filed a rate petition with FERC for revised cost-based maximum rates, which incorporated the new federal corporate income tax rate. The revised rates were effective beginning November 1, 2018. 
 
 NW Natural continuously evaluates the need for rate cases in its jurisdictions. 

38 

Rate Mechanisms 
 During 2022 and 2021, NW Natural's key approved rates and recovery mechanisms for each service area included: 
 Oregon Washington 2022 Rate Case (effective 11/1/2022) 
 2020 Rate Case (effective 11/1/2020) 
 2021 Rate Case 
 (effective 11/1/2021) 
 2019 Rate Case 
 (effective 11/1/2019) 
 Authorized Rate Structure: Return on Equity 9.4 9.4 9.4 Rate of Return 6.8 7.0 6.8 7.2 Debt/Equity Ratio 50 /50 50 /50 51 /49 Key Regulatory Mechanisms: Purchased Gas Adjustment (PGA) X X X X Gas Cost Incentive Sharing X X Decoupling X X Weather Normalization (WARM) X X RNG Automatic Adjustment Clause X Environmental Cost Recovery X X X X Interstate Storage and Asset Management Sharing X X X X The WUTC Order does not specify the underlying inputs to the cost of capital, including capital structure and return on equity. 
 
 Annually, or more often if circumstances warrant, NW Natural reviews all regulatory assets for recoverability. If NW Natural should determine all or a portion of these regulatory assets no longer meet the criteria for continued application of regulatory accounting, then NW Natural would be required to write-off the net unrecoverable balances against earnings in the period such a determination was made. 
 
 PURCHASED GAS ADJUSTMENT . Rate changes are established for NW Natural each year under PGA mechanisms in Oregon and Washington to reflect changes in the expected cost of natural gas commodity purchases. The PGA filings include gas costs under spot purchases as well as contract supplies, gas cost hedges, gas costs from the withdrawal of storage inventories, the production of gas reserves, interstate pipeline demand costs, renewable natural gas and its attributes, including renewable thermal certificates, temporary rate adjustments, which amortize balances of deferred regulatory accounts, and the removal of temporary rate adjustments effective for the previous year. 
 
 Each year, NW Natural hedges gas prices on a portion of NW Natural's annual sales requirement based on normal weather, including both physical and financial hedges. During 2021 and 2022, there was increased price volatility in the spot and forward gas markets. In response to higher than normal volatility in forward gas markets in 2022, we are hedged at higher levels for the 2022-23 gas year. As of December 31, 2022, NW Natural's forecasted sales volume was hedged at approximately 84 in total for the 2022-23 gas year compared to 82 in the 2021-22 PGA year. T he total hedged for Oregon was approximately 85 , includ ing 67 in financial hedges and 18 in physical gas supplies. The total hedged for Washington was approximately 79 , including 66 in financial hedges and 13 in physical gas supp lies. 
 
 NW Natural is hedged in total between 21 and 31 for annual requirements over the subsequen t two gas years, which consists of between 23 and 30 in Oregon and between 0 and 45 in Washington. Hedge levels are subject to change based on actual load volumes, which depend to a certain extent on weather, economic conditions, and estimated gas reserve production. Also, gas storage inventory levels may increase or decrease with storage expansion, changes in storage contracts with third parties, variations in the heat content of the gas, and/or storage recall by NW Natural. As the Company planned for the 2022-23 gas year, gas price volatility remained high with current and forward gas prices increasing substantially in 2022. We will continue to monitor gas prices as we begin to fill storage and look at hedging plans for future gas years. Gas purchases and hedges entered into for the upcoming PGA year will be included in the Company s PGA filings in Oregon and Washington. 
 
 In September 2022, NW Natural filed its annual PGAs and received OPUC and WUTC approval in October 2022. 
 Included in the 2022-23 PGA, the OPUC and WUTC approved a new rate mitigation program to address high gas costs, which includes a temporary bill credit for NW Natural s residential customers, beginning November 1, 2022, with deferral of the temporary bill credit to warmer months when customers typically see lower bills. As of December 31, 2022, the amount deferred to a regulatory asset was 11.5 million. PGA rate changes were effective November 1, 2022. Rates may vary between states due to different rate structures, rate mechanisms and hedging policies. 
 
 Under the current PGA mechanism in Oregon, there is an incentive sharing provision whereby NW Natural is required to select each year an 80 deferral or a 90 deferral of higher or lower actual gas costs compared to estimated PGA prices, such that 
 39 

the impact on NW Natural's current earnings from the incentive sharing is either 20 or 10 of the difference between actual and estimated gas costs, respectively. For the 2021-22 and 2022-23 gas years, NW Natural selected the 90 deferral option. Under the Washington PGA mechanism, NW Natural defers 100 of the higher or lower actual gas costs, and those gas cost differences are passed on to customers through the annual PGA rate adjustment. 
 
 EARNINGS TEST REVIEW . NW Natural is subject to an annual earnings review in Oregon to determine if the NGD business is earning above its authorized ROE threshold. If NGD business earnings exceed a specific ROE level, then 33 of the amount above that level is required to be deferred or refunded to customers. Under this provision, if NW Natural selects the 80 deferral gas cost option, then NW Natural retains all earnings up to 150 basis points above the currently authorized ROE. If NW Natural selects the 90 deferral option, then it retains all earnings up to 100 basis points above the currently authorized ROE. For the 2021-22 and 2022-23 gas years, NW Natural selected the 90 deferral option. The ROE threshold is subject to adjustment annually based on movements in long-term interest rates. For calendar years 2020, 2021, and 2022, the ROE threshold was 10.40 in all periods. There were no refunds required for 2020 and 2021. NW Natural does not expect a refund for 2022 based on results, and anticipates filing its 2022 earnings test in May 2023. 
 
 GAS RESERVES. In 2011, the OPUC approved the Encana gas reserves transaction to provide long-term gas price protection for NGD business customers and determined costs under the agreement would be recovered on an ongoing basis through the annual PGA mechanism. Gas produced from NW Natural's interests is sold at then prevailing market prices, and revenues from such sales, net of associated operating and production costs and amortization, are included in cost of gas. The cost of gas, including a carrying cost for the rate base investment made under the original agreement, is included in NW Natural's annual Oregon PGA filing, which allows NW Natural to recover these costs through customer rates. The net investment under the original agreement earns a rate of return. 
 
 In 2014, NW Natural amended the original gas reserves agreement in response to Encana's sale of its interest in the Jonah field located in Wyoming to Jonah Energy. Under the amended agreement with Jonah Energy, NW Natural has the option to invest in additional wells on a well-by-well basis with drilling costs and resulting gas volumes shared at the amended proportionate working interest for each well in which NW Natural invests. Volumes produced from the additional wells drilled after the amended agreement are included in NW Natural's Oregon PGA at a fixed rate of 0.4725 per therm. NW Natural has not participated in additional wells since 2014. 
 
 DECOUPLING . In Oregon, NW Natural has a decoupling mechanism. Decoupling is intended to break the link between revenue and the quantity of gas consumed by customers, removing any financial incentive to discourage customers efforts to conserve energy. The Oregon decoupling baseline usage per customer was reset in the 2020 Oregon general rate case. The Order in the 2020 Oregon general rate case also approved of extending NW Natural s decoupling calculation for the months of November and May to the month of April. This mechanism employs a use-per-customer decoupling calculation, which adjusts margin revenues to account for the difference between actual and expected customer volumes. The margin adjustment resulting from differences between actual and expected volumes under the decoupling component is recorded to a deferral account, which is included in the annual PGA filing. 
 
 WARM . In Oregon, NW Natural has an approved weather normalization mechanism (WARM), which is applied to residential and small commercial customer bills. This mechanism is designed to help stabilize the collection of fixed costs by adjusting residential and small commercial customer billings based on temperature variances from average weather, with rate decreases when the weather is colder than average and rate increases when the weather is warmer than average. The mechanism is applied to bills from December through mid-May. The mechanism adjusts the margin component of customers rates to reflect average weather, which uses the 25-year average temperature for each day of the billing period. Daily average temperatures and 25-year average temperatures are based on a set point temperature of 59 degrees Fahrenheit for residential customers and 58 degrees Fahrenheit for commercial customers. The collections of any unbilled WARM amounts due to tariff caps and floors are deferred and earn a carrying charge until collected, or returned, in the PGA the following year. Residential and small commercial customers in Oregon are allowed to opt out of the weather normalization mechanism, and as of December 31, 2022, 7 of total eligible customers had opted out. NW Natural does not have a weather normalization mechanism approved for Washington customers, which account for about 12 of total customers. See "Business Segment Natural Gas Distribution " below. 
 
 INDUSTRIAL TARIFFS . The OPUC and WUTC have approved tariffs covering NGD service to major industrial customers, which are intended to give NW Natural certainty in the level of gas supplies needed to serve this customer group. The approved terms include, among other things, an annual election period, special pricing provisions for out-of-cycle changes, and a requirement that industrial customers complete the term of their service election under NW Natural's annual PGA tariff. 
 
 ENVIRONMENTAL COST DEFERRAL AND RECOVERY. NW Natural has authorizations in Oregon and Washington to defer costs related to remediation of properties that are owned or were previously owned by NW Natural. In Oregon, a Site Remediation and Recovery Mechanism (SRRM) is currently in place to recover prudently incurred costs allocable to Oregon customers, subject to an earnings test. Effective beginning November 1, 2019, the WUTC authorized an Environmental Cost Recovery Mechanism (ECRM) for recovery of prudently incurred costs allocable to Washington customers. 
 
 40 

Oregon SRRM 
 Under the Oregon SRRM collection process, there are three types of deferred environmental remediation expense: 
 Pre-review - This class of costs represents remediation spend that has not yet been deemed prudent by the OPUC. Carrying costs on these remediation expenses are recorded at NW Natural's authorized cost of capital. NW Natural anticipates the prudence review for annual costs and approval of the earnings test prescribed by the OPUC to occur by the third quarter of the following year. 
 Post-review - This class of costs represents remediation spend that has been deemed prudent and allowed after applying the earnings test, but is not yet included in amortization. NW Natural earns a carrying cost on these amounts at a rate equal to the five-year treasury rate plus 100 basis points. 
 Amortization - This class of costs represents amounts included in current customer rates for collection and is calculated as one-fifth of the post-review deferred balance. NW Natural earns a carrying cost equal to the amortization rate determined annually by the OPUC, which approximates a short-term borrowing rate. NW Natural included 6.8 million and 6.3 million of deferred remediation expense approved by the OPUC for collection during the 2022-23 and 2021-22 PGA years, respectively. 
 
 In addition, the SRRM also provides for the annual collection of 5.0 million from Oregon customers through a tariff rider. As it collects amounts from customers, NW Natural recognizes these collections as revenue net of any earnings test adjustments and separately amortizes an equal and offsetting amount of the deferred regulatory asset balance through the environmental remediation operating expense line shown separately in the operating expenses section of the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). See Note 17 for more information on our environmental matters. 
 
 The SRRM earnings test is an annual review of adjusted NGD ROE compared to authorized NGD ROE. To apply the earnings test NW Natural must first determine what if any costs are subject to the test through the following calculation: 
 Annual spend Less: 5.0 million base rate rider Prior year carry-over (1) 
 5.0 million insurance + interest on insurance Total deferred annual spend subject to earnings test Less: over-earnings adjustment, if any Add: deferred interest on annual spend (2) 
 Total amount transferred to post-review 
 (1) Prior year carry-over results when the prior year amount transferred to post-review is negative. The negative amount is carried over to offset annual spend in the following year. 
 (2) Deferred interest is added to annual spend to the extent the spend is recoverable. 
 
 To the extent the NGD business earns at or below its authorized ROE as defined in the SRRM, the total amount transferred to post-review is recoverable through the SRRM. To the extent more than authorized ROE is earned in a year, the amount transferred to post-review would be reduced by those earnings that exceed its authorized ROE. 
 
 For 2022, NW Natural has performed this test, which is anticipated to be submitted to the OPUC in May 2023. No earnings test adjustment is expected for 2022. 
 
 Washington ECRM 
 The ECRM established by the WUTC order effective November 1, 2019 permits NW Natural s recovery of environmental remediation expenses allocable to Washington customers. These expenses represent 3.32 of costs associated with remediation of sites that historically served both Oregon and Washington customers. The order allows for recovery of past deferred and future prudently incurred remediation costs allocable to Washington through application of insurance proceeds and collections from customers. Prudently incurred costs that were deferred from the initial deferral authorization in February 2011 through June 2019 are to be fully offset with insurance proceeds, with any remaining insurance proceeds to be amortized over a 10.5 year period. On an annual basis, NW Natural will file for a prudence determination and a request to recover remediation expenditures in excess of insurance amortizations in the following year's customer rates. After insurance proceeds are fully amortized, if in a particular year the request to collect deferred amounts exceeds one percent of Washington normalized revenues, then the excess will be collected over three years with interest. 
 
 INTERSTATE STORAGE AND ASSET MANAGEMENT SHARING . On an annual basis, NW Natural credits amounts to Oregon and Washington customers as part of a regulatory incentive sharing mechanism related to net revenues earned from Mist gas storage and asset management activities. In January 2023, the OPUC approved the annual 2023 bill credit for Oregon customer s share of interstate storage and asset management activities totaling approximately 23.5 million. This includes revenue generated for the November 2021 through October 2022 PGA year. Commercial and industrial customers in Oregon will receive this credit in February 2023. Residential customers in Oregon will receive this credit as a reduction to the temporary rate mitigation adjustment, which begins in March 2023. Credits are given to customers in Washington as reductions in rates through the annual PGA filing in November. 
 41 

During the first quarter of 2022, NW Natural refunded an interstate storage and asset management sharing credit of approximately 41.1 million to Oregon customers over three equal installments in January, February and March. This includes revenue generated for the November 2020 through October 2021 PGA year. A majority of this revenue is from the cold weather event in February 2021 discussed above. 
 
 The following table presents the credits to NGD customers: 
 In millions 2022 2021 2020 Oregon 41.1 9.1 17.0 Washington 1.5 3.1 0.7 
 
 COVID-19 PROCESS AND DEFERRAL DOCKETS . During 2020, Oregon and Washington approved our applications to defer certain COVID-19 related costs. Costs that may be recoverable include, but are not limited to, the following: personal protective equipment, cleaning supplies and services, bad debt expense, financing costs to secure liquidity, and certain lost revenue, net of offsetting direct expense reductions associated with COVID-19. As of December 31, 2022, we believe that approximately 18.7 million of the financial effects related to COVID-19 are recoverable. As part of the 2022 Oregon general rate case, NW Natural received approval from the OPUC to recover the 2020 and 2021 COVID-19 deferral beginning November 1, 2022. Approximately 10.9 million will be amortized over a two-year period and NW Natural may request recovery of the remaining amount in the third year. Included in the total balance is approximately 3.4 million of forgone late fee revenue that will be recognized in future periods when billed. Beginning January 2023, NW Natural will no longer defer any COVID-19 related costs in Oregon. NW Natural expects to recover its COVID-19 deferrals in Washington in a future proceeding. 
 
 The following table outlines some of the key items approved by the respective Commissions: 
 Oregon Washington Reinstituting Disconnections for Nonpayment: Residential August 1, 2021 September 30, 2021 Small Commercial December 1, 2020 September 30, 2021 Large Commercial/Industrial November 3, 2020 October 20, 2020 Resuming Residential Reconnection Fee Charges October 1, 2022 Reinstituting Late Fees for Nonpayment: Residential October 1, 2022 Small Commercial December 1, 2020 Large Commercial/Industrial November 3, 2020 October 20, 2020 Arrearage Management Program 1.5 of Retail Revenue 1 of Retail Revenue 
 Date is pending a Commission review of its existing credit and collection practices that is expected to be completed over the next year. 
 
 ARREARAGE MANAGEMENT PROGRAMS. As part of the approved term sheets, NW Natural established programs in Oregon and Washington to identify and mitigate residential customer arrearages associated with COVID-19. Under the Washington program, income-eligible customers may receive up to 2,500 per year. In March 2022, the Oregon program was expanded to include additional funding and a low-income focus. AMP is funded by NW Natural with recovery facilitated through the COVID-19 deferral dockets. During 2022, NW Natural granted 9.4 million of the total funds available of 9.9 million. The programs in both Oregon and Washington are now closed. 
 
 LOW INCOME DISCOUNT TARIFF. In July 2022, NW Natural received approval from the OPUC for an income-qualifying residential bill discount program. The income threshold for program participation is at or below 60 percent of Oregon state median income (SMI). The program provides a bill discount for income-qualifying residential customers at four discount tier levels based on household income compared to SMI, with higher discounts given for lower income levels. Participating customers can self-certify their income and household size to qualify for the program directly with NW Natural or their local Community Action Agency. The program was available for qualifying customers starting November 1, 2022. Costs for the bill discount program include simultaneous recovery from all customers. Costs for the bill discount program, inclusive of start-up and administrative costs of the program, are recoverable in rates. The amount deferred to a regulatory asset as of December 31, 2022 was not significant. 
 
 Total Household Income Bill Discount Percentage Tier 0 At or below 15 SMI 40 Tier 1 16 - 30 of SMI 25 Tier 2 31 - 45 of SMI 20 Tier 3 46 - 60 of SMI 15 

42 

RENEWABLE NATURAL GAS AND AUTOMATIC ADJUSTMENT CLAUSE. On June 19, 2019, the Oregon legislature passed Senate Bill 98 (SB 98), which enables natural gas utilities to procure or develop RNG on behalf of their Oregon customers. The bill was signed into law by the governor in July 2019, and subsequently, the OPUC opened a docket in August 2019 regarding the rules for the bill. After working with parties, the OPUC adopted final rules in July 2020. 
 
 SB 98 and the rules outline the following parameters for the RNG program including: setting voluntary goals for adding as much as 30 renewable natural gas into the state s pipeline system by 2050; enabling gas utilities to invest in and own the cleaning and conditioning equipment required to bring raw biogas and landfill gas up to pipeline quality, as well as the facilities to connect to the local gas distribution system; and allowing up to 5 of a utility s revenue requirement to be used to cover the incremental cost or investment in renewable natural gas infrastructure. 
 
 Further, the new law supports all forms of renewable natural gas including renewable hydrogen, which is made from excess wind, solar and hydro power. Renewable hydrogen can be used for the transportation system, industrial use, or blended into the natural gas pipeline system. 
 
 Pursuant to the 2022 Oregon general rate case, the OPUC ordered that the costs NW Natural sought to recover related to its investment in Lexington Renewables Energy, LLC were reasonable and prudently incurred under SB 98. Furthermore, the OPUC approved an automatic adjustment clause that allows for NW Natural's investments in RNG projects, including operating costs, to be added to rates annually on November 1st, following a prudence review. The mechanism allows NW Natural to defer for recovery or credit the differences between the forecasted and actual costs of the RNG projects, subject to an earnings test that includes deadbands at 50 basis points below and above NW Natural's authorized ROE. For RNG procurement contracts, NW Natural seeks recovery of the costs in the PGA, subject to a prudence review. 
 
 CORPORATE ACTIVITY TAX. In 2019, the State of Oregon enacted a Corporate Activity Tax (CAT) that is applicable to all businesses with annual Oregon gross revenue in excess of 1 million. The CAT is in addition to the state's corporate income tax and imposes a 0.57 tax on certain Oregon gross receipts less a reduction for a portion of cost of goods sold or labor. The CAT legislation became effective September 29, 2019 and applied to calendar years beginning January 1, 2020. Under the terms of the Order in NW Natural's 2020 Oregon general rate case, NW Natural is authorized to begin to recover the expense associated with the CAT as a component of base rates. NW Natural is also directed to adjust the amount recovered for the CAT in each annual PGA to reflect changes in gross revenue and cost of goods sold that occur as a result of the PGA. 
 
 The Order also provides for certain adjustments if there are legislative, rulemaking, judicial, or policy decisions that would cause the calculation methodology used by NW Natural for the CAT to vary in a fundamental way. Additionally, the CAT deferred from January 2020 through June 2020 was added to and amortized over the 2020-21 PGA gas year, and the CAT amounts deferred from July 2020 through the effective date of the rate case were amortized over the 2021-22 PGA year. 
 
 INTEGRATED RESOURCE PLAN (IRP). NW Natural generally files a full IRP biennially for Oregon and Washington with the OPUC and WUTC, respectively. NW Natural jointly filed its 2022 IRP for both Oregon and Washington on September 23, 2022. The 2022 IRP outlines scenarios of future requirements based on a range of outcomes that would provide the least-cost and least-risk resources to meet future demand and environmental compliance obligations. In our most recent filing, we included certain demand and supply side projects that resulted in action plan items which will be evaluated by the OPUC and WUTC. With respect to IRPs generally, the WUTC issues letters of compliance and Oregon acknowledges the IRP. NW Natural anticipates the OPUC and WUTC will take such actions by September 30, 2023. 
 
 The development of an IRP filing is an extensive and complex process that engages multiple stakeholders in an effort to build a robust and commonly understood analysis. The final product is intended to provide a long-term outlook of the supply-side and demand-side resource requirements for reliable and low cost natural gas service while also meeting NW Natural's environmental compliance requirements. The IRP examines and analyzes uncertainties in the planning process, including potential changes in governmental and regulatory policies. The CPP in Oregon, as well as the CCA that was passed in Washington, are examples of new policies that result in compliance requirements that need to be included in the planning process. 
 
 PIPELINE SECURITY. In May and July 2021, the Department of Homeland Security s (DHS) Transportation Security Administration (TSA) released two security directives applicable to certain owners and operators of natural gas pipeline facilities (including local distribution companies). The first directive require owners and operators to implement cybersecurity incident reporting to the DHS, designate a cybersecurity coordinator, and perform a gap assessment of current entity cybersecurity practices against certain voluntary TSA security guidelines and report relevant results and proposed mitigation to applicable DHS agencies. The second directive requires entities to implement a significant number of specified cyber security controls and processes. The TSA recently released a third directive renewing the second directive as well as clarifying Operational Technology (OT) scope and providing a risk- and outcome-based framework. The third directive is effective until July 2023. NW Natural is currently evaluating and implementing the security directives and related deliverables. NW Natural frequently updates the TSA on its progress on achieving the security directives. 
 
 NW Natural filed requests with the OPUC and WUTC to defer the costs associated with complying with the TSA's security directives. As of December 31, 2022, NW Natural has invested 33.0 million in information and operational technology and has 
 43 

deferred to a regulatory asset 6.3 million of related costs. A majority of the capital investment was included in rate base starting November 1, 2022 in Oregon. 
 
 NW Natural continues to evaluate the potential effect of these directives on our operations and facilities, as well as the potential total cost of implementation, and will continue to monitor for any clarifications or amendments to these directives. We may seek to request recovery from customers of any additional costs incurred to the extent that incremental expenses and capital expenditures are incurred in the future. 
 
 ERP UPGRADE DEFERRALS. In the fourth quarter of 2020, NW Natural filed requests to defer expenses pertaining to a project to upgrade the existing enterprise resource planning (ERP) system with the OPUC and WUTC. A stipulation supported by all parties in the Oregon docket was filed and approved by the OPUC in the third quarter of 2021. Under the settlement agreement, NW Natural will recover 100 of costs incurred up to the 8.55 million estimate of Oregon-allocated costs provided in the docket. Approval of the Washington deferral was resolved as part of the most recent general rate case. NW Natural placed its new ERP system into service in September 2022. As of December 31, 2022, NW Natural deferred to a regulatory asset 9.4 million of expenses incurred to date. On November 1, 2022, NW Natural began recovering all expenses deferred and accruing interest over a 10-year period. 
 
 FACT-FINDING DOCKET. NW Natural was engaged in an OPUC Fact-Finding Fact-Finding Docket ), opened in response to the executive order issued by the Governor of Oregon, for the purpose of analyzing the potential natural gas utility bill impacts that may result from the ODEQ s CPP and to identify appropriate regulatory tools to mitigate potential customer impacts. The OPUC Staff indicated that the ultimate goal of the Fact-Finding Docket is to inform future policy decisions and other key analyses. OPUC Staff s final report was issued on January 31, 2023. The report has a number of recommendations concerning the further investigation of regulatory tools, including: 1) expanded energy efficiency programs, 2) additional analysis in future Integrated Resource Plans of decarbonization measures and trends, and 3) additional rate protections for customers. The OPUC has since closed the Fact-Finding Docket without taking any action on Staff s final report. 
 
 WATER UTILITIES. NWN Water currently serves an estimated 155,000 people through approximately 62,500 connections across five states. NWN Water, through one or more of its subsidiaries, acquired an increased ownership stake in Avion Water Company in Oregon to 40.3 , and acquired the assets of five regulated businesses during 2022, after receiving approval from the respective public utility commissions. 
 
 For our regulated water utilities, we have been executing general rate cases. 
 In January 2022, we filed a general rate case for Suncadia Water and the WUTC allowed rates to go into effect in May 2022 by operation of law. 
 In February 2022, the OPUC adopted a comprehensive stipulation in Sunriver Water's rate case with new rates effective May 2022. 
 In June 2022, Avion Water Company filed a general rate case with the OPUC and the OPUC allowed rates to go into effect January 1, 2023. 
 In July 2022, Gem State Water Company filed a general rate case with the IPUC and a decision is expected in the first half of 2023. 

Environmental Regulation and Legislation Matters 
 There is a growing international and domestic focus on climate change and the contribution of GHG emissions, most notably methane and carbon dioxide, to climate change. In response, there are increasing efforts at the international, federal, state, and local level to regulate GHG emissions. Legislation or other forms of regulation could take a variety of forms including, but not limited to, GHG emissions limits, reporting requirements, carbon taxes, requirements to purchase carbon credits, building codes, increased efficiency standards, additional charges to fund energy efficiency activities or other regulatory actions, incentives or mandates to conserve energy, or use renewable energy sources, tax advantages and other subsidies to support alternative energy sources, a reduction in rate recovery for construction costs related to the installation of new customer services or other new infrastructure investments, mandates for the use of specific fuels or technologies, bans on specific fuels or technologies, or promotion of research into new technologies to reduce the cost and increase the scalability of alternative energy sources. These efforts could include legislation, legislative proposals, or new regulations at the federal, state, and local level, as well as private party litigation related to GHG emissions. We recognize certain of our businesses, including our natural gas business, are likely to be affected by current or future regulation seeking to limit GHG emissions. 
 
 International 
 In early 2021, the U.S. rejoined the Paris Agreement on Climate, which establishes non-binding targets to reduce GHG emissions from both developed and developing nations. Under the Paris Agreement, signatory countries are expected to submit their nationally determined contributions to curb GHG emissions and meet the agreed temperature objectives every five years. On April 22, 2021, the United States federal administration announced the U.S. nationally determined contribution to achieve a fifty to fifty-two percent reduction from 2005 levels in economy-wide net GHG emissions by 2030. 
 
 Federal 
 President Biden s administration has issued executive orders directing agencies to conduct a general review of regulations and executive actions related to the environment and reestablished a framework for considering the social cost of carbon as part of 
 44 

certain agency cost-benefit analyses for new regulations. President Biden s administration continues to consider a wide range of additional policies, executive orders, rules, legislation, and other initiatives to address climate change. 
 
 The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA) was signed into law in August 2022 and includes several climate and energy provisions. We expect that over a ten year period, the IRA will provide approximately 415 billion of funding through grants, tax credits, and investments to support various initiatives including manufacturing, renewable energy production and consumption, transportation electrification and climate-smart agriculture. The IRA includes tax credits for RNG, hydrogen and carbon capture projects, among other investments. The IRA also includes funding for the EPA to improve GHG reporting and enforcement, as well as a methane fee applicable to activities associated with gas production and processing facilities, transmission pipelines and certain storage facilities, creates a new corporate alternative minimum tax of 15 percent that applies to corporations with average annual financial statement income in excess of one billion dollars, and creates a new 1 percent excise tax on the net stock repurchases by public companies. We are assessing effects of the IRA that are relevant to our businesses, and will continue to do so as it is implemented. The U.S. Congress may also pass federal climate change legislation in the future. We cannot predict when or if Congress will pass such legislation and in what form. 
 
 In addition, the EPA regulates GHG emissions pursuant to the Clean Air Act. For example, the EPA requires the annual reporting of greenhouse gas emissions from certain industries, specified emission sources, and facilities. Under this reporting rule, local natural gas distribution companies like NW Natural are required to report system throughput to the EPA on an annual basis. The EPA also has required additional GHG reporting regulations to which NW Natural is subject, requiring the annual reporting of fugitive emissions from operations. Other federal regulatory agencies, including the U.S. Department of Energy and Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, are beginning to address greenhouse gas emissions that may include changes in their regulatory oversight approach, policies and rules. 
 
 Other federal agencies have taken or are expected to take actions related to climate change. For example, in March 2022, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) proposed new rules relating to the disclosure of a range of climate-related matters, PHMSA is expected to prepare regulations and other actions to limit methane emissions, the Commodities Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) has indicated it intends to take actions related to oversight of climate-related financial risks as pertinent to the derivatives and underlying commodities markets. Similarly, other federal agencies and regulations, including but not limited to the Consumer Products Safety Commission, the U.S. Department of Treasury, Federal Acquisitions Regulations, and others have indicated impending regulatory actions related to climate change. To the extent these agencies adopt final rules as proposed or in modified form, we or our customers could incur increased costs. These could include internal costs as well as external costs such as the cost of independent experts to provide attestation reports on our GHG emissions data and increased audit costs. 
 
 Washington State 
 In 2022, Washington comprised approximately 12 of NW Natural s revenues, as well as 1 and 18 of new meters from commercial and residential customers, respectively. Effective February 1, 2021, building codes in Washington state require new residential homes to achieve higher levels of energy efficiency based on specified carbon emissions assumptions, which calculate electric appliances to have lower on-site GHG emissions than comparable gas appliances. This increases the cost of new home construction incorporating natural gas depending on a number of factors including home size, equipment configurations, and building envelope measures. Additionally, the Washington State Building Code Council (SBCC) voted in April 2022 to include updates in the state commercial building energy code that are expected to restrict or eliminate the use of gas space and water heating in new commercial construction. In early November, the SBCC voted to include updates to the state residential building energy code that are expected to restrict the use of gas space and water heating in residential construction, with certain exceptions including for natural gas-fired heat pumps and hybrid fuel systems. The SBBC commercial and residential rules are expected to become effective July 1, 2023. Utilities and other organizations, including NW Natural, are reviewing the proposed building energy code updates, the process by which the updates have been considered, and the legality of the building code updates. We expect the building code changes to be subject to legal challenge. 
 
 Washington has also enacted the Climate Commitment Act (CCA), which establishes a comprehensive program that includes an overall limit for GHG emissions from major sources in the state that declines yearly beginning January 1, 2023, resulting in an overall reduction of GHG emissions to 95 below 1990 levels by 2050. The Washington Department of Ecology has adopted rules to create a cap-and-invest program, under which entities, including natural gas and electric utilities, large manufacturing facilities, and transportation and other fuel providers, which are subject to the CCA must either reduce their emissions, purchase qualifying offsets (including RNG) or obtain allowances to cover any remaining emissions. NW Natural is subject to the CCA and intends to pursue inclusion of CCA compliance costs in rates. 
 
 Oregon 
 On March 10, 2020, the governor of Oregon issued an executive order (EO) establishing GHG emissions reduction goals of at least 45 below 1990 emission levels by 2035 and at least 80 below 1990 emission levels by 2050 and directed state agencies and commissions to facilitate such GHG emission goals targeting a variety of sources and industries. Although the EO does not specifically direct actions of natural gas distribution businesses, the OPUC is directed to prioritize proceedings and activities that advance decarbonization in the utility sector, mitigate the energy burden experienced by utility customers and ensure system reliability and resource adequacy. The EO also directs other state agencies, including the Oregon Department of Environmental Quality (ODEQ), to cap and reduce GHG emissions from transportation fuels and all other liquid and gaseous 
 45 

fuels, including natural gas, adopt building energy efficiency goals for new building construction, reduce methane gas emissions from landfills and food waste, and submit a proposal for adoption of state goals for carbon sequestration and storage by Oregon s forest, wetlands and agricultural lands. The OPUC is charged with carrying out the EO to the extent it is consistent with its statutory authority and duties, and in doing so to focus on equitable impacts to low-income customers. 
 
 In December 2021, the ODEQ concluded its rulemaking process and issued final cap and reduce rules for its Climate Protection Program (CPP), which became effective in January of 2022. The CPP outlines GHG emissions reduction goals of 50 by 2035 and 90 by 2050 from a 1990 baseline. The first three-year compliance period is 2022 through 2024. NW Natural is subject to the CPP, and pursuant to this rule, is required to make its first compliance filing in 2025. We intend to pursue inclusion of compliance costs for the CPP in rates. The CPP has been subject to legal challenge by a number of utilities, companies and organizations, including NW Natural. 
 
 Local Jurisdictions and Other Advocacy 
 In addition to legislative activities at the state level, advocacy groups have indicated a willingness to pursue ballot measures. Some local and county governments in the United States also have been proposing or passing renewable energy resolutions, restrictions, taxes, or fees seeking to accelerate climate action goals. A number of cities across the country, and several in our service territory are taking action or currently considering actions such as limitations or bans on the use of natural gas in new construction or otherwise. For example, in February 2023, the Eugene City Council passed an ordinance that prohibits the use of natural gas in low rise residential buildings beginning with permits submitted after June of 2023. Similarly, some jurisdictions and advocates are seeking to ban the use of natural gas and certain natural gas appliances inside homes and contend that there are detrimental indoor public health effects associated with the use of natural gas. 
 
 NW Natural is actively engaged with federal, state and local policymakers, consumers, customers, small businesses and other business coalitions, economic development practitioners, and other advocates in our service territory and is working with these communities to communicate the role that direct use natural gas, and in the coming years, RNG and hydrogen, can play in pursuing more effective policies to reduce GHGs while supporting reliability, resiliency, energy choice, equity, and energy affordability. 
 
 NW Natural Decarbonization Initiatives Compliance Actions 
 Our customers are currently paying less for their natural gas today than they did 15 years ago. We expect that compliance with any form of regulation of GHG emissions, including the CPP in Oregon and CCA in Washington as well as voluntary actions under SB 98 or otherwise, will require additional resources and compliance tools, and will increase costs. The developing and changing implementation guidance for the CCA and CPP, evolving carbon credit markets and other compliance tool options, decades-long timeframes for compliance, likely changing and evolving laws and energy policy, and evolving technological advancements, all make it difficult to accurately predict long-term tools for and costs of compliance. In September 2022, NW Natural filed its integrated resource plans (IRPs) with the OPUC and WUTC. Those IRPs comprehensively evaluate resource options available to serve NW Natural's customers' energy, capacity and environmental compliance needs. The resources selected for compliance with the CPP and CCA, and therefore the costs associated with those resources are, in part, dependent upon the resolution of our IRP dockets and the resources selected. While we have modeled compliance with the CCA and CPP in our IRPs, given the recency of the adoption of the final CPP and CCA rules and changing guidance with respect to those rules, the nature of our compliance obligations, the manner in which we intend to comply, and the expected costs of compliance are uncertain and subject to significant change, particularly after the first compliance period, and especially with respect to the CPP, under which programs are still being developed. For the first compliance period under the CCA, we currently anticipate that we will comply by purchasing RNG or attributes to reduce emissions, making full use of offsets available under the CCA, meeting remaining compliance requirements by purchasing allowances through the processes outlined under the CCA, and returning all money received from the sale of free carbon allowances to customers. We intend to pursue costs of compliance with the CCA in rates, and currently believe that the costs to comply could increase non-low income residential bills by an estimated 1.5 to 6 in the first year of compliance. 
 
 The CPP in Oregon is largely tied to the volume of natural gas consumed and as such, we currently expect that CPP cost impacts will be the lowest among residential customers because they generally consume less, and highest among industrial customers that use significantly higher volumes of natural gas, with cost increases for commercial customers falling between residential and industrial customers. We currently expect that the majority of our needed emissions reduction in Oregon for the first CPP compliance period of 2022-2025 can be met with purchases of RNG or its attributes, with modest supplemental purchases of Community Climate Investments (CCIs) when that program becomes available. We intend to pursue costs of compliance costs with the CPP in rates and currently believe those costs could increase non-low income residential bills by an estimated 1 to 9 in the first compliance period. 
 
 These projected customer bill impacts of the CCA and CPP are estimates, are likely to increase beyond the first compliance period, and are subject to change as these laws are implemented and compliance begins. The costs are also likely to vary significantly based on forecasting assumptions related to permitted levels of rate recovery, available technologies and equipment, weather patterns and gas usage, customer growth or attrition, allocation of fixed costs among classes of customers, energy efficiency levels, availability, use and cost of renewables, feasibility of broad-scale hydrogen in the natural gas system, and a number of other assumptions used in the complex analysis of integrated resource planning. 
 
 46 

We are not currently able to quantify the extent to which current and prospective building code changes, other limitations on natural gas use, or declining line extension allowances provided in rates to cover construction costs for new services, will affect new meter additions, or to what extent carbon compliance costs included in rates will affect the competitiveness of our business and the demand for natural gas service. All of these developments could negatively affect our gas utility customer growth. However, at the same time natural gas utilities will be subject to GHG emissions regulation, we expect that other energy source providers will be subject to similar, or in some cases stricter or more rapid, compliance requirements that are likely to affect their cost and competitiveness relative to natural gas as well. For example, President Biden has announced his intention to have a carbon-free electricity sector by 2035, 15 years before the target date of the CCA or CCP. In June 2021, the State of Oregon enacted HB 2021, a clean electricity bill that requires the state s two largest investor-owned electric utilities and retail electricity service suppliers to reduce GHG emissions associated with electricity sold to Oregon customers to 100 percent below baseline levels by 2040 with interim steps, including an 80 percent reduction by 2030 and 90 percent reduction by 2035. This bill does not replace the separate renewable portfolio standards previously established in Oregon, which sets requirements for how much of the electricity used in Oregon must come from renewable resources. In Washington, SB 5116, the Clean Energy Transformation Act, requires all electric utilities in Washington to transition to carbon-neutral electricity by 2030 and to 100 percent carbon-free electricity by 2045. We expect compliance with these and other laws will increase the cost of energy for electric customers in our service territory. We are not able to determine at this time whether increased electricity costs will make natural gas use more or less competitive on a relative basis. 
 
 We expect these and other trends to drive innovation of, and demand for, technological developments and innovative new products that reduce GHG emissions. Research and development are occurring across the energy sector, including in the gas sector with work being conducted on gas-fired heat pumps, higher efficiency water and space heating appliances including hybrid systems, carbon capture utilization and storage developments, continued development of technologies related to RNG, and various forms of hydrogen for different applications, among others. 
 
 NW Natural continues to take proactive steps in seeking to reduce GHG emissions in our region and is proactively communicating with local, state, and federal governments and communities about those steps. NW Natural has been a leader among gas utilities in innovative programs. Notable programs have included a decoupling rate structure designed to weaken the link between revenue and gas consumption by customer adopted in 2007, and establishment of a voluntary Smart Energy carbon offset program for customers established in 2007, and removal of all known cast iron and bare steel to create one of the tightest and most modern distribution systems in the country. We continue to believe that NW Natural has an important role in providing affordable and equitable energy to the communities we serve. NW Natural is an important provider of energy to families and businesses in Oregon and southwest Washington. Natural gas sales to our residential and commercial customers account for approximately 6 of Oregon s GHG emissions according to the 2019 data from the State of Oregon Department of Environmental Quality In-Boundary GHG Inventory. We intend to continue to provide this necessary energy to our communities with the goal of using our modern pipeline system to help the Pacific Northwest transition to a clean energy future. 
 
 In 2016, NW Natural initiated a multi-pronged, multi-year strategy to accelerate and deliver greater GHG emission reductions in the communities we serve. Key components of this strategy include customer energy efficiency, continued adoption of NW Natural's voluntary Smart Energy carbon offset program, and seeking to incorporate RNG and hydrogen into our gas supply. RNG is produced from organic materials including food, agricultural and forestry waste, wastewater, or landfills. We believe RNG has the potential to significantly reduce net GHG emissions because methane that would otherwise be released to the atmosphere can be captured from these organic materials as they decompose and then conditioned to pipeline quality and distributed into our existing system. In 2019, Oregon Senate Bill 98 (SB 98) was signed into law enabling NW Natural to procure RNG on behalf of customers and provided voluntary targets that would allow us to make qualified investments and purchase RNG from third parties. 
 
 Under SB 98, NW Natural is actively working to procure RNG supply for customers and increase the amount of RNG on our system and is also exploring the development of renewable hydrogen through power to gas. To that end, in 2020 and 2021, NW Natural announced several agreements and investments to procure RNG for its customers. For example, NW Natural began a partnership with BioCarbN to invest up to an estimated 38 million in four separate RNG development projects that will access biogas derived from water treatment at Tyson Foods processing plants, subject to approval by all parties. The first project was commissioned in early 2022 with a second underway and planned to be commissioned in early 2023. To date, NW Natural has signed agreements with options to purchase or develop RNG for utility customers totaling about 3 of NW Natural s annual sales volume in Oregon. 

Business Segment - Natural Gas Distribution (NGD) 
 NGD margin results are primarily affected by customer growth, revenues from rate-base additions, and, to a certain extent, by changes in delivered volumes due to weather and customers gas usage patterns. In Oregon, NW Natural has a conservation tariff (also called the decoupling mechanism), which adjusts margin up or down each month through a deferred regulatory accounting adjustment designed to offset changes resulting from increases or decreases in average use by residential and commercial customers. NW Natural also has a weather normalization tariff in Oregon, WARM, which adjusts customer bills up or down to offset changes in margin resulting from above- or below-average temperatures during the winter heating season. Residential and commercial customers in Oregon are allowed to opt out of the weather normalization mechanism, and as of December 31, 2022, approximately 7 of total eligible customers had opted out. NW Natural does not have a weather normalization mechanism approved for Washington customers, which account for about 12 of total customers. The decoupling 
 47 

and WARM mechanisms are designed to reduce, but not eliminate, the volatility of customer bills and natural gas distribution revenue. See "Regulatory Matters Rate Mechanisms " above. In addition to NW Natural's local gas distribution business, the NGD segment also includes the portion of the Mist underground storage facility used to serve NGD customers, the North Mist gas storage expansion, NWN Gas Reserves, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Energy Corp., and NW Natural RNG Holding Company, LLC. 
 
 The NGD business is primarily seasonal in nature due to higher gas usage by residential and commercial customers during the cold winter heating months. Other categories of customers experience seasonality in their usage but to a lesser extent. Seasonality affects the comparability of the results of operations of the NGD business across quarters but not across years. 
 
 NGD segment highlights include: 
 Dollars and therms in millions, except EPS data 2022 2021 2020 NGD net income 79.7 69.0 63.6 Diluted EPS - NGD segment 2.34 2.24 2.08 Gas sold and delivered (in therms) 1,252 1,185 1,143 NGD margin (1) 
 505.9 479.8 438.1 
 (1) See Natural Gas Distribution Margin Table below for additional detail. 

2022 COMPARED TO 2021 . NGD net income was 79.7 million in 2022 compared to 69.0 million in 2021. The primary factors contributing to the increase in NGD net income were as follows: 
 26.1 million increase in NGD margin primarily due to: 
 14.9 million increase due to new customer rates from the 2022 Oregon and 2021 Washington rate cases that went into effect November 1, 2022; 
 6.1 million increase driven by customer growth; 
 3.0 million increase due to higher usage from colder comparative weather from customers that are not decoupled, net of the loss from the Oregon gas cost incentive sharing mechanism; 
 2.9 million increase due to the amortization of deferred balances primarily related to COVID-19, cybersecurity, and ERP upgrades; and 
 12.1 million increase in other income, net primarily due to lower pension non-service costs and interest income from the equity portion of AFUDC; partially offset by 
 16.7 million increase in NGD operations and maintenance expenses due to higher contract labor, amortization expense related to cloud computing arrangements, professional service fees, and information technology costs; 
 3.4 million increase in interest expense primarily due to higher long-term debt balances and higher interest rates, partially offset by higher AFUDC debt interest income; 
 2.9 million higher income tax expense reflecting higher pretax income; and 
 2.4 million increase in depreciation expense as we continue to invest in our natural gas utility system and facilities. 
 
 Total natural gas sold and delivered in 2022 increased 6 over 2021 primarily due to 1 colder than average weather in 2022 compared to 12 warmer than average weather in 2021. 
 
 2021 COMPARED TO 2020 . NGD net income was 69.0 million in 2021 compared to 63.6 million in 2020. The primary factors contributing to the increase in NGD net income were as follows: 
 41.7 million increase in NGD margin primarily due to: 
 36.4 million increase due to new customer rates primarily from the 2020 Oregon rate case that went into effect November 1, 2020; 
 5.7 million increase from residential customer growth and an increase in industrial customer volumes; partially offset by 
 3.6 million decrease primarily driven by a loss from the gas cost incentive sharing mechanism in Oregon. 
 
 In addition to the increase in margin, NGD net income for 2021 reflects: 
 19.3 million increase in other NGD operating and maintenance expenses primarily due to higher information technology expenses, compensation and benefits costs, and lease expense; 
 8.9 million increase in depreciation expense due to NGD plant additions as we continued to invest in our gas utility system; 
 5.3 million higher income tax expense reflecting higher pretax income and Oregon CAT; and 
 3.3 million increase in general taxes due primarily to higher assessed property values; partially offset by 
 2.7 million increase in other income (expense), net primarily due to higher interest income on regulatory assets. 
 
 Total natural gas sold and delivered in 2021 increased 4 over 2020 primarily due to the recovery of commercial customer activity as pandemic restrictions lifted compared to the prior period and NGD meter growth. 

48 

NATURAL GAS DISTRIBUTION MARGIN TABLE. The following table summarizes the composition of NGD gas volumes, revenues, and cost of sales: 
 Favorable (Unfavorable) In thousands, except degree day and customer data 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 NGD volumes (therms): Residential and commercial sales 766,592 703,054 677,271 63,538 25,783 Industrial sales and transportation 485,745 481,721 465,626 4,024 16,095 Total NGD volumes sold and delivered 1,252,337 1,184,775 1,142,897 67,562 41,878 Operating revenues: Residential and commercial sales 881,370 730,794 661,346 150,576 69,448 Industrial sales and transportation 86,810 65,299 58,678 21,511 6,621 Other distribution revenues 1,944 1,707 1,926 237 (219) Other regulated services 19,628 19,087 19,122 541 (35) Total operating revenues 989,752 816,887 741,072 172,865 75,815 Less: Cost of gas 429,861 292,538 262,980 (137,323) (29,558) Less: Environmental remediation expense 12,389 9,938 9,691 (2,451) (247) Less: Revenue taxes 41,627 34,600 30,291 (7,027) (4,309) NGD margin 505,875 479,811 438,110 26,064 41,701 NGD margin (1) 
 Residential and commercial sales 455,686 430,295 385,989 25,391 44,306 Industrial sales and transportation 33,543 32,182 30,800 1,361 1,382 Gain (loss) from gas cost incentive sharing (4,917) (3,381) 267 (1,536) (3,648) Other margin 1,943 1,633 1,938 310 (305) Other regulated services 19,620 19,082 19,116 538 (34) NGD margin 505,875 479,811 438,110 26,064 41,701 Degree days (2) 
 Average (3) 
 2,686 2,692 2,706 (6) (14) Actual 2,712 2,378 2,384 14 Percent colder (warmer) than average weather 1 (12) (12) NGD meters - end of period: Residential meters 724,287 715,958 704,675 8,329 11,283 Commercial meters 69,139 68,961 68,812 178 149 Industrial meters 1,071 978 989 93 (11) Total number of meters 794,497 785,897 774,476 8,600 11,421 NGD meter growth: Residential meters 1.2 1.6 Commercial meters 0.3 0.2 Industrial meters 9.5 (1.1) Total meter growth 1.1 1.5 
 (1) Amounts reported as NGD margin for each category of meters are operating revenues less cost of gas, environmental remediation expense and revenue taxes. 
 (2) Heating degree days are units of measure reflecting temperature-sensitive consumption of natural gas, calculated by subtracting the average of a day's high and low temperatures from 59 degrees Fahrenheit. 
 (3) Average weather represents the 25-year average of heating degree days. Beginning November 1, 2022, average weather is calculated over the period June 1, 1996 through May 31, 2021, as determined in NW Natural's 2022 Oregon general rate case. From November 1, 2020 through October 31, 2022, average weather was calculated over the period June 1, 1994 through May 31, 2019, as determined in NW Natural s 2020 Oregon general rate case. 

49 

Residential and Commercial Sales 
 The primary factors that impact results of operations in the residential and commercial markets are customer growth, seasonal weather patterns, energy prices, competition from other energy sources, and economic conditions in our service areas. The impact of weather on margin is significantly reduced through NW Natural's weather normalization mechanism in Oregon; approximately 81 of NW Natural's total customers are covered under this mechanism. The remaining customers either opt out of the mechanism or are located in Washington, which does not have a similar mechanism in place. For more information on the weather mechanism, see "Regulatory Matters Rate Mechanisms WARM " above. 
 
 NGD residential and commercial sales highlights include: 
 In millions 2022 2021 2020 Volumes (therms): Residential sales 478.1 445.6 435.2 Commercial sales 288.5 257.5 242.1 Total volumes 766.6 703.1 677.3 Operating revenues: Residential sales 595.0 506.2 460.3 Commercial sales 286.4 224.6 201.0 Total operating revenues 881.4 730.8 661.3 NGD Margin: Residential margin 328.2 312.5 281.1 Commercial margin 127.5 117.8 104.9 Total NGD margin 455.7 430.3 386.0 
 
 2022 COMPARED TO 2021 . The increase of 150.6 million in total NGD residential and commercial operating revenue and 25.4 million in NGD margin were primarily the result of new customer rates in Oregon and Washington that took effect on November 1, 2022, 1.2 growth in residential customer meters, and higher usage from colder comparative weather from customers that are not decoupled. Sales volumes increased 63.5 million therms, or 9 , primarily due to higher usage driven by comparatively colder weather. 
 
 2021 COMPARED TO 2020 . The increase of 69.5 million in total residential and commercial operating revenue and 44.3 million in NGD margin were primarily the result of new customer rates in Oregon that took effect on November 1, 2020, growth in residential customer meters, and higher commercial volumes as COVID-19 restrictions and closures were lifted. Sales volumes increased 25.8 million therms, or 4 , primarily due to growth in residential customer meters and higher commercial volumes as COVID-19 restrictions and closures were lifted. 
 
 Industrial Sales and Transportation 
 Industrial customers have the option of purchasing sales or transportation services. Under the sales service, the customer buys the gas commodity from NW Natural. Under the transportation service, the customer buys the gas commodity directly from a third-party gas marketer or supplier. The NGD gas commodity cost is primarily a pass-through cost to customers; therefore, NGD profit margins are not materially affected by an industrial customer's decision to purchase gas from third parties. Industrial and large commercial customers may also select between firm and interruptible service options, with firm services generally providing higher profit margins compared to interruptible services. To help manage gas supplies, industrial tariffs are designed to provide some certainty regarding industrial customers' volumes by requiring an annual service election which becomes effective November 1, special charges for changes between elections, and in some cases, a minimum or maximum volume requirement before changing options. 
 
 NGD industrial sales and transportation highlights include: 
 In millions 2022 2021 2020 Volumes (therms): Firm and interruptible sales 104.4 90.8 82.9 Firm and interruptible transportation 381.3 390.9 382.7 Total volumes 485.7 481.7 465.6 NGD Margin: Firm and interruptible sales 13.6 12.6 11.6 Firm and interruptible transportation 19.9 19.6 19.2 Total NGD margin 33.5 32.2 30.8 

50 

2022 COMPARED TO 2021 . NGD total industrial sales and transportation volumes increased 4.0 million therms, or 1 , primarily due to higher usage from multiple customers, most notably in the light manufacturing, primary metals, and electric manufacturing industries, partially offset by lower usage from customers in the plastic manufacturing industry. NGD margin increased 1.3 million primarily driven by new rates in Oregon and Washington that took effect on November 1, 2022. 
 
 2021 COMPARED TO 2020 . NGD total industrial sales and transportation volumes increased 16.1 million therms, or 3 , primarily due to higher usage from multiple customers, most notably in the pulp and paper and chemical manufacturing industries. NGD margin increased 1.4 million primarily driven by new rates in Oregon that took effect on November 1, 2020. 
 
 Other Regulated Services Margin 
 Other Regulated Services primarily consist of lease revenues from NW Natural's North Mist storage facility as well as other lease revenues for compressed natural gas assets. 
 
 Other regulated services margin highlights include: 
 In millions 2022 2021 2020 North Mist storage services 19.4 18.9 19.5 Other services 0.2 0.2 (0.4) Total other regulated services 19.6 19.1 19.1 
 
 2022 COMPARED TO 2021 . Other regulated services margin increased 0.5 million due to an increase in storage service revenue from the North Mist facility. See Note 7 for more information regarding North Mist expansion lease accounting. 
 
 2021 COMPARED TO 2020 . Other regulated services margin was relatively flat when compared to the prior period. The North Mist facility did not experience any significant fluctuations in storage service revenue. See Note 7 for more information regarding North Mist expansion lease accounting. 
 
 Cost of Gas 
 Cost of gas as reported by the NGD segment includes gas purchases, gas withdrawn from storage inventory, gains and losses from commodity hedges, pipeline demand costs, seasonal demand cost balancing adjustments, renewable natural gas and its attributes, including renewable thermal certificates, regulatory gas cost deferrals, gas reserves costs, and company gas use. The OPUC and WUTC generally require natural gas commodity costs to be billed to customers at the actual cost incurred, or expected to be incurred. Customer rates are set each year so that if cost estimates were met the NGD business would not earn a profit or incur a loss on gas commodity purchases; however, in Oregon we have the incentive sharing mechanism described under "Regulatory Matters Rate Mechanisms Purchased Gas Adjustment " above. In addition to the PGA incentive sharing mechanism, gains and losses from hedge contracts entered into after annual PGA rates are effective for Oregon customers are also required to be shared and therefore may impact net income. Further, NW Natural also has a regulatory agreement whereby it earns a rate of return on its investment in the gas reserves acquired under the original agreement with Encana and includes gas from the amended gas reserves agreement at a fixed rate of 0.4725 per therm, which are also reflected in NGD margin. See "Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities " below. 
 
 Cost of gas highlights include: 
 In millions, except where indicated 2022 2021 2020 Cost of gas 429.9 292.5 263.0 Volumes sold (therms) (1) 
 871.0 793.9 760.2 Average cost of gas (cents per therm) 0.49 0.37 0.35 Gain (loss) from gas cost incentive sharing (4.9) (3.4) 0.3 
 (1) This calculation excludes volumes delivered to industrial transportation customers. 
 
 2022 COMPARED TO 2021 . Cost of gas increased 137.4 million, or 47 , primarily due to a 32 increase in the average cost of gas with the majority of these higher gas costs embedded in the PGA. The remaining increase in cost of gas is primarily the result of a 10 increase in volumes sold, driven by customer growth and comparatively colder weather. For a discussion of the gas cost incentive sharing mechanism, see "Regulatory Matters Rate Mechanisms Purchased Gas Adjustment " above. 
 
 2021 COMPARED TO 2020 . Cost of gas increased 29.5 million, or 11 , primarily due to a 3.4 million loss from gas cost incentive sharing driven by costs related to the 2021 cold weather event that were not deferred for future recovery. The remaining increase in cost of gas is primarily the result of a 4 increase in volumes sold driven by customer growth and higher commercial volumes as COVID-19 restrictions and closures were lifted. For a discussion of the gas cost incentive sharing mechanism, see "Regulatory Matters Rate Mechanisms Purchased Gas Adjustment " above. 

Other 
 Other activities aggregated and reported as other at NW Holdings include NNG Financial's investment in Kelso-Beaver Pipeline (KB Pipeline); NW Natural Renewables Holdings, LLC and its non-regulated renewable natural gas activities; NWN Water, which 
 51 

owns and continues to pursue investments in the water and wastewater sector; and NWN Water's investment in Avion Water Company, Inc. (Avion Water). Other activities aggregated and reported as other at NW Natural include the non-NGD storage activity at Mist as well as asset management services and the appliance retail center operations. See Note 4 for further discussion of our business segment and other, as well as our direct and indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries. See Note 13 for information on our Avion Water investment. 
 
 On August 6, 2020, NWN Energy completed the sale of its interest in Trail West Holdings, LLC (TWH) to an unrelated third party. See Note 13 for further details. 
 
 At Mist, NW Natural provides gas storage services to customers in the interstate and intrastate markets using storage capacity that has been developed in advance of NGD customers requirements. Pre-tax income from gas storage at Mist and asset management services is subject to revenue sharing with NGD customers. Under this regulatory incentive sharing mechanism, NW Natural retains 80 of pre-tax income from Mist gas storage services and asset management services when the underlying costs of the capacity being used are not included in NGD business rates. The remaining 20 is credited to a deferred regulatory account for credit to NGD customers. To the extent that the capacity used is included in NGD rates, NW Natural retains 10 of pre-tax income from such storage and asset management services and 90 is credited to NGD business customers. 
 
 The following table presents the results of activities aggregated and reported as other for both NW Holdings and NW Natural: 
 In millions, except EPS data 2022 2021 2020 NW Natural other - net income 11.9 12.2 7.0 Other NW Holdings activity (5.3) (2.5) (0.3) NW Holdings other - net income 6.6 9.7 6.7 Diluted EPS - NW Holdings - other 0.20 0.32 0.22 
 
 2022 COMPARED TO 2021 . Other net income decreased 3.1 million and 0.3 million at NW Holdings and NW Natural, respectively. The decrease at NW Holdings was driven by the decrease at NW Natural, higher interest expense at the holding company, and costs associated with non-regulated renewable natural gas activities. 
 
 2021 COMPARED TO 2020 . Other net income increased 3.0 million and 5.2 million at NW Holdings and NW Natural, respectively. The increase at NW Natural was primarily due to 7.9 million of higher asset management revenue primarily related to the 2021 cold weather event, partially offset by 2.1 million of income tax expense associated with the higher revenue . The increase at NW Holdings was driven by the increase at NW Natural, partially offset by higher business development and consulting costs at the holding company. 

Consolidated Operations 
 Operations and Maintenance 
 Operations and maintenance highlights include: 
 In millions 2022 2021 2020 NW Natural 204.8 188.8 168.9 Other NW Holdings operations and maintenance 19.9 15.4 11.2 NW Holdings 224.7 204.2 180.1 
 
 2022 COMPARED TO 2021 . Operations and maintenance expense increased 16.0 million for NW Natural primarily due to the following: 
 6.0 million increase in contract labor for safety and reliability and contracted support for information technology system upgrades; 
 4.1 million increase in amortization expense related to cloud computing arrangements; 
 3.0 million increase in information technology maintenance and support; and 
 2.0 million increase in professional service fees. 
 
 Operations and maintenance expense increased 20.5 million for NW Holdings primarily due to the following: 
 16.0 million increase in operations and maintenance expense at NW Natural as discussed above; and 
 4.5 million increase in other NW Holdings operations and maintenance expense primarily due to costs associated with water and wastewater subsidiaries and non-regulated renewable natural gas activities. 
 
 2021 COMPARED TO 2020 . Operations and maintenance expense increased 19.9 million for NW Natural primarily due to the following: 
 7.4 million increase in contractor, professional service fees and license costs related to information technology system upgrades; 
 4.8 million increase related to higher compensation and benefit costs; and 
 3.6 million increase in lease expense related to a new headquarters and operations center. 
 52 

Operations and maintenance expense increased 24.1 million for NW Holdings primarily due to the following: 
 19.9 million increase in operations and maintenance expense at NW Natural as discussed above; and 
 4.2 million increase in other NW Holdings operations and maintenance expense primarily due to higher business development and consulting costs at the holding company. 

Depreciation 
 Depreciation highlights include: 
 In millions 2022 2021 2020 NW Natural 113.0 110.5 101.6 Other NW Holdings depreciation 3.7 3.0 2.1 NW Holdings 116.7 113.5 103.7 
 
 2022 COMPARED TO 2021 . Depreciation expense increased 2.5 million for NW Natural, primarily due to additional capital investments in the distribution system, Mist storage, and information technology systems, as well as renovation and construction of resource and operations service centers. The increase was partially offset by the amortization of cloud computing arrangements, which are recorded within operations and maintenance expenses beginning in 2022. 
 
 Depreciation expense increased 3.2 million for NW Holdings, primarily due to a 0.7 million increase in other NW Holdings depreciation related to water and wastewater subsidiaries and a 2.5 million increase at NW Natural as discussed above. 
 
 2021 COMPARED TO 2020 . Depreciation expense increased 8.9 million for NW Natural, primarily due to additional capital investments in the distribution system, Mist storage, and information technology systems, as well as renovation and construction of resource and operations service centers. 
 
 Depreciation expense increased 9.8 million for NW Holdings, primarily due to a 0.9 million increase in other NW Holdings depreciation related to water and wastewater acquisitions and an 8.9 million increase at NW Natural as discussed above. 

Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income (expense), net highlights include: 
 In millions 2022 2021 2020 NW Natural total other income (expense), net (0.4) (12.7) (15.1) Other NW Holdings activity 1.6 0.1 1.2 NW Holdings total other income (expense), net 1.2 (12.6) (13.9) 
 
 2022 COMPARED TO 2021 . Other expense, net decreased 12.3 million at NW Natural primarily due to lower pension non-service costs and interest income from the equity portion of AFUDC. Costs related to our defined benefit pension plan in 2022 decreased compared to the prior year due to changes in assumptions and gains on plan assets. 
 
 Other income, net increased 13.8 million at NW Holdings driven by the change at NW Natural discussed above, in addition to earnings from Avion Water. Other income (expense), net primarily consists of regulatory interest, pension and other postretirement non-service costs, gains from company-owned life insurance, and donations. 
 
 2021 COMPARED TO 2020 . Other income (expense), net changed 2.4 million at NW Natural primarily due to higher interest income on regulatory assets and lower pension non-service costs. Other income (expense), net changed 1.3 million at NW Holdings driven by the change at NW Natural discussed above, partially offset by a gain recognized in the prior period related to the sale of Trail West. 

Interest Expense, Net 
 Interest expense, net highlights include: 
 In millions 2022 2021 2020 NW Natural 46.3 43.0 40.9 Other NW Holdings interest expense 6.9 1.5 2.2 NW Holdings 53.2 44.5 43.1 
 
 2022 COMPARED TO 2021 . Interest expense, net, increased 3.3 million at NW Natural primarily due to a higher interest rate on a lower commercial paper balance and higher interest rates and a higher level of long-term debt, partially offset by higher AFUDC debt interest income. 
 
 53 

Interest expense, net, increased 8.7 million at NW Holdings primarily due to the increase at NW Natural discussed above and higher interest expense on the credit facility and long-term debt at NW Holdings as a result of higher balances and higher interest rates. 
 
 2021 COMPARED TO 2020 . Interest expense, net, increased 2.1 million at NW Natural primarily due to lower AFUDC debt interest income and higher interest on long-term debt. 
 
 Interest expense, net, increased 1.4 million at NW Holdings primarily due to the increase at NW Natural discussed above, partially offset by lower interest expense on the credit agreement at NW Holdings. 

Income Tax Expense 
 NW Holdings income tax expense highlights include: 
 In millions 2022 2021 2020 Income tax expense 29.1 27.4 21.1 Effective tax rate 25.2 25.8 23.1 
 NW Natural income tax expense highlights include: 
 In millions 2022 2021 2020 Income tax expense 31.0 28.3 21.1 Effective tax rate 25.3 25.9 23.0 
 
 2022 COMPARED TO 2021 . The effective tax rate decreased 0.6 percentage points at both NW Holdings and NW Natural. The decrease in the effective tax rate is primarily due to lower income tax amortization of the 2020 Oregon Corporate Activity Tax (CAT) in 2022, which was subject to regulatory deferral when it became effective on January 1, 2020 and then amortized in income tax expense as recovery began in late 2020, 2021, and 2022. 
 
 2021 COMPARED TO 2020 . The effective tax rate increased 2.7 and 2.9 percentage points at NW Holdings and NW Natural, respectively. The increase in the effective tax rate is primarily due to Oregon Corporate Activity Tax, the majority of which is incurred because of Oregon regulated operations and for which rate recovery began on November 1, 2020. 

Discontinued Operations 
 On June 20, 2018, NWN Gas Storage, a wholly-owned subsidiary of NW Holdings, entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (the Agreement) that provided for the sale by NWN Gas Storage of all of its membership interests in Gill Ranch. Gill Ranch owns a 75 interest in the natural gas storage facility located near Fresno, California known as the Gill Ranch Gas Storage Facility. 
 
 On December 4, 2020, NWN Gas Storage closed the sale of all the memberships interests in Gill Ranch and received payment of the initial cash purchase price of 13.5 million less the 1.0 million deposit previously paid. Furthermore, additional payments to NWN Gas Storage may be made subject to a maximum amount of 15.0 million in the aggregate (subject to a working capital adjustment) based on the economic performance of Gill Ranch each full gas storage year (April 1 of one year through March 31 of the following year) occurring after the closing and the remaining portion of the 2020-2021 gas storage year and will continue until such time as the maximum amount has been paid. The fair value of this arrangement at the closing date was zero based on a discounted cash flow forecast. Subsequent changes in the fair value will be recorded in earnings. The completion of the sale resulted in an after-tax gain of 5.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 The results of Gill Ranch Storage have been determined to be discontinued operations until the date of sale and are presented separately, net of tax, from the results of continuing operations of NW Holdings for all periods presented. See Note 18 for more information on the Agreement and the results of our discontinued operations. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 

Capital Structure 
 NW Holdings' long-term goal is to maintain a strong and balanced consolidated capital structure. NW Natural targets a regulatory capital structure of 50 common equity and 50 long-term debt, which is consistent with approved regulatory allocations in Oregon, which has an allocation of 50 common equity and 50 long-term debt without recognition of short-term debt, and Washington, which has an allocation of 50 long-term debt, 1 short-term debt, and 49 common equity. 
 
 When additional capital is required, debt or equity securities are issued depending on both the target capital structure and market conditions. These sources of capital are also used to fund long-term debt retirements and short-term commercial paper maturities. See " Liquidity and Capital Resources " below and Note 9. Achieving our target capital structure and maintaining sufficient liquidity to meet operating requirements is necessary to maintain attractive credit ratings and provide access to the capital markets at reasonable costs. 
 54 

NW Holdings' consolidated capital structure, excluding short-term debt, was as follows: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Common equity 46.8 47.2 Long-term debt (including current maturities) 53.2 52.8 Total 100.0 100.0 
 
 NW Natural's consolidated capital structure, excluding short-term debt, was as follows: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Common equity 51.4 49.8 Long-term debt (including current maturities) 48.6 50.2 Total 100.0 100.0 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, NW Holdings' consolidated capital structure included common equity of 42.4 and 39.5 , long-term debt of 45.0 and 44.0 , and short-term debt including current maturities of long-term debt of 12.6 and 16.5 , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, NW Natural's consolidated capital structure included common equity of 47.9 and 44.2 , long-term debt of 41.6 and 44.7 , and short-term debt including current maturities of long-term debt of 10.5 and 11.1 , respectively. 
 
 During 2022, NW Natural's capital structure changed primarily due to the issuance of long-term debt and capital contributions from NW Holdings. NW Holdings' capital structure changed primarily due to the issuance of long-term debt and common stock at NW Holdings. See further di scussion below in "Cash Flows Financing Activities " . 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, NW Holdings had approximately 29.3 million and 18.6 million, and NW Natural had approximately 13.0 million and 12.3 million, of cash and cash equivalents, respectively. In order to maintain sufficient liquidity during periods when capital markets are volatile, NW Holdings and NW Natural may elect to maintain higher cash balances and add short-term borrowing capacity. NW Holdings and NW Natural may also pre-fund their respective capital expenditures when long-term fixed rate environments are attractive. NW Holdings and NW Natural expect to have ample liquidity in the form of cash on hand and from operations and available credit capacity under credit facilities to support funding needs. 
 
 Equity Issuance 
 On April 1, 2022, NW Holdings issued and sold 2,875,000 shares of its common stock pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 and related prospectus supplement. NW Holdings received net offering proceeds, after deducting the underwriter's discounts and commissions and estimated expenses payable by NW Holdings of approximately 138.6 million. 
 
 ATM Equity Program 
 In August 2021, NW Holdings initiated an at-the-market (ATM) equity program by entering into an equity distribution agreement under which NW Holdings may issue and sell from time to time shares of common stock, no par value, having an aggregate gross sales price of up to 200 million. NW Holdings is under no obligation to offer and sell common stock under the ATM equity program, which expires in August 2024. Any shares of common stock offered under the ATM equity program are registered on NW Holdings universal shelf registration statement filed with the SEC. During the year ended December 31, 2022, NW Holdings issued and sold 1,381,728 shares of common stock pursuant to the ATM equity program resulting in cash proceeds of 69.7 million, net of fees and commissions paid to agents of 1.4 million. As of December 31, 2022, NW Holdings had 111.1 million of equity available for issuance under the program. 
 
 NW Holdings 
 For NW Holdings, short-term liquidity is primarily provided by cash balances, dividends from its operating subsidiaries, in particular NW Natural, available cash from a multi-year credit facility, and short-term credit facilities. NW Holdings also has a universal shelf registration statement filed with the SEC for the issuance of debt and equity securities. NW Holdings long-term debt, if any, and equity issuances are primarily used to provide equity contributions to NW Holdings operating subsidiaries for operating and capital expenditures and other corporate purposes. From 2023 through 2025, we estimate NW Holdings and NW Natural's combined incremental capital needs to be in the range of 450 million to 550 million. NW Holdings intends to use raised capital to support NW Natural, NW Natural Water, and NW Natural Renewables operating and capital expenditure programs. NW Holdings' issuance of securities is not subject to regulation by state public utility commissions, but the dividends from NW Natural to NW Holdings are subject to regulatory ring-fencing provisions. NW Holdings guarantees the debt of its wholly-owned subsidiary, NWN Water. See " Long-Term Debt " below for more information regarding NWN Water debt. 
 
 55 

As part of the ring-fencing conditions agreed upon with the OPUC and WUTC, NW Natural may not pay dividends or make distributions to NW Holdings if NW Natural s credit ratings and common equity ratio, defined as the ratio of equity to long-term debt, fall below specified levels. If NW Natural s long-term secured credit ratings are below A- for S P and A3 for Moody s, dividends may be issued so long as NW Natural s common equity ratio is 45 or more. If NW Natural s long term secured credit ratings are below BBB for S P and Baa2 for Moody s, dividends may be issued so long as NW Natural s common equity ratio is 46 or more. Dividends may not be issued if NW Natural s long-term secured credit ratings are BB+ or below for S P or Ba1 or below for Moody s, or if NW Natural s common equity ratio is below 44 , where the ratio is measured using common equity and long-term debt excluding imputed debt or debt-like lease obligations. In each case, common equity ratios are determined based on a preceding or projected 13-month average. In addition, there are certain OPUC notice requirements for dividends in excess of 5 of NW Natural s retained earnings. 
 
 Additionally, if NW Natural s common equity (excluding goodwill and equity associated with non-regulated assets), on a preceding or projected 13-month average basis, is less than 46 of NW Natural s capital structure, NW Natural is required to notify the OPUC, and if the common equity ratio falls below 44 , file a plan with the OPUC to restore its equity ratio to 44 . This condition is designed to ensure NW Natural continues to be adequately capitalized under the holding company structure. Under the WUTC order, the average common equity ratio must not exceed 56 . 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, NW Natural satisfied the ring-fencing provisions described above. 
 
 Based on several factors, including current cash reserves, committed credit facilities, its ability to receive dividends from its operating subsidiaries, in particular NW Natural, and an expected ability to issue long-term debt and equity securities in the capital markets, NW Holdings believes its liquidity is sufficient to meet anticipated near-term cash requirements, including all contractual obligations, investing, and financing activities as discussed in " Cash Flows " below. 
 
 NW HOLDINGS DIVIDENDS. Quarterly dividends have been paid on common stock each year since NW Holdings predecessor s stock was first issued to the public in 1951. Annual common stock dividend payments per share, adjusted for stock splits, have increased each year since 1956. The declarations and amount of future dividends to shareholders will depend upon earnings, cash flows, financial condition, NW Natural s ability to pay dividends to NW Holdings and other factors. The amount and timing of dividends payable on common stock is at the sole discretion of the NW Holdings Board of Directors. 
 
 NW Natural 
 For the NGD business segment, short-term borrowing requirements typically peak during colder winter months when the NGD business borrows money to cover the lag between natural gas purchases and bill collections from customers. Short-term liquidity for the NGD business is primarily provided by cash balances, internal cash flow from operations, proceeds from the sale of commercial paper notes, as well as available cash from multi-year credit facilities, short-term credit facilities, company-owned life insurance policies, the sale of long-term debt, and equity contributions from NW Holdings. NW Natural's long-term debt and contributions from NW Holdings are primarily used to finance NGD capital expenditures, refinance maturing debt, and provide temporary funding for other general corporate purposes of the NGD business. 
 
 Based on its current debt ratings (see " Credit Ratings " below), NW Natural has been able to issue commercial paper and long-term debt at attractive rates. In the event NW Natural is not able to issue new long-term debt due to adverse market conditions or other reasons, NW Natural expects that near-term liquidity needs can be met using internal cash flows, issuing commercial paper, receiving equity contributions from NW Holdings, or drawing upon a committed credit facility. NW Natural also has a universal shelf registration statement filed with the SEC for the issuance of secured and unsecured debt securities. 
 
 In the event senior unsecured long-term debt ratings are downgraded, or outstanding derivative positions exceed a certain credit threshold, counterparties under derivative contracts could require NW Natural to post cash, a letter of credit, or other forms of collateral, which could expose NW Natural to additional cash requirements and may trigger increases in short-term borrowings while in a net loss position. NW Natural was not required to post collateral at December 31, 2022. See Note 15 below. 
 
 Other items that may have a significant impact on NW Natural's liquidity and capital resources include NW Natural's pension contribution requirements and environmental expenditures. 
 
 PENSION CONTRIBUTIONS. NW Natural does not expect to make contributions to its company-sponsored defined benefit plan, which is closed to new employees, over the next several years under applicable laws and regulations. See "Application of Critical Accounting Policies Pensions and Postretirement Benefits " below and Note 10 for more information. 
 
 ENVIRONMENTAL EXPENDITURES. NW Natural expects to continue using cash resources to fund environmental liabilities for future environmental remediation or action. NW Natural has authorizations in Oregon and Washington to defer costs related to remediation of properties that are owned or were previously owned by NW Natura l. In Oregon, a Site Remediation and Recovery Mechanism (SRRM) is currently in place to recover prudently incurred costs allocable to Oregon customers, subject to an earnings test. On October 21, 2019 the WUTC authorized an Environmental Cost Recovery Mechanism (ECRM) for recovery of prudently incurred costs allocable to Washington customers beginning November 1, 2019. S ee Note 17 and "Results of Operations Regulatory Matters Environmental Cost Deferral and Recovery " above. 
 
 56 

Based on several factors, including current credit ratings, NW Natural's commercial paper program, current cash reserves, committed credit facilities, and an expected ability to issue long-term debt and receive equity contributions from NW Holdings, NW Natural believes its liquidity is sufficient to meet anticipated near-term cash requirements, including all contractual obligations, and investing and financing activities as discussed in " Cash Flows " below. 
 
 NW NATURAL DIVIDENDS. The declarations and amount of future dividends to NW Holdings will depend upon earnings, cash flows, financial condition, the satisfaction of OPUC and WUTC regulatory ring-fencing restrictions, and other factors. The amount and timing of dividends payable on common stock is subject to approval of the NW Natural Board of Directors. 

Gas and Pipeline Capacity Purchase Agreements 
 NW Natural has signed agreements providing for the reservation of firm pipeline capacity under which it is required to make fixed monthly payments for contracted capacity. The pricing component of the monthly payment is established, subject to change, by U.S. or Canadian regulatory bodies, or is established directly with private counterparties, as applicable. In addition, NW Natural has entered into long-term agreements to release firm pipeline capacity. NW Natural also enters into short-term and long-term gas purchase agreements. Refer to Note 16 for gas and pipeline capacity purchase commitments. 
 
 NW Natural Renewables is a newly formed, non-utility regulated subsidiary of NW Natural Holdings established to pursue non-regulated renewable natural gas activities. In September 2021, a subsidiary of NW Natural Renewables and a subsidiary of EDL, a global producer of sustainable distributed energy, executed agreements to develop two production facilities that are designed to convert landfill waste gases to renewable natural gas (RNG). Testing and commissioning of the production facilities is expected to occur in the spring of 2023. Upon completion of each facility, the subsidiary of NW Natural Renewables is committed to make cash payments totaling 50.1 million to partially fund the infrastructure required to condition biogas and connect gas production to existing regional pipeline networks. Alongside these development agreements, a subsidiary of NW Natural Renewables and a subsidiary of EDL executed agreements designed to secure a 20-year supply of RNG for NW Natural Renewables. Following the completion of each facility, we estimate the amount of RNG purchases based on prices and quantities specified in the agreements are as follows: approximately 6.6 million in 2023, 10.5 million in 2024, 21.0 million in 2025, 21.0 million in 2026, 27.3 million in 2027 and 567.8 million thereafter. 
 
 Other Purchase Agreements 
 Other purchase commitments primarily consist of remaining balances under existing purchase orders and gas storage agreements. At December 31, 2022, the amount due over the duration of the purchase agreements totaled 41.1 million. Except for these certain purchase commitments, NW Holdings and NW Natural have no material off-balance sheet financing arrangements. 

Short-Term Debt 
 The primary source of short-term liquidity for NW Holdings is cash balances, dividends from its operating subsidiaries, in particular NW Natural, available cash from a multi-year credit facility, and short-term credit facilities it may enter into from time to time. 
 
 The primary source of short-term liquidity for NW Natural is from the sale of commercial paper, available cash from a multi-year credit facility, and short-term credit facilities it may enter into from time to time. In addition to issuing commercial paper or entering into bank loans to meet working capital requirements, including seasonal requirements to finance gas purchases and accounts receivable, short-term debt may also be used to temporarily fund capital requirements. For NW Natural, commercial paper and bank loans are periodically refinanced through the sale of long-term debt or equity contributions from NW Holdings. Commercial paper, when outstanding, is sold through two commercial banks under an issuing and paying agency agreement and is supported by one or more unsecured revolving credit facilities. See Credit Agreements below. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, NW Natural's short-term debt consisted of the following: 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 In millions Balance Outstanding Weighted Average Interest Rate (1) 
 Balance Outstanding Weighted Average Interest Rate (1) 
 NW Natural: Commercial paper 170.2 4.6 245.5 0.3 Other (NW Holdings): Credit agreement 88.0 5.3 144.0 1.1 NW Holdings 258.2 389.5 
 (1) Weighted average interest rate on outstanding short-term debt 
 
 57 

Credit Agreements 
 NW Holdings 
 NW Holdings has a 200 million sustainability-linked credit agreement, with a feature that allows it to request increases in the total commitment amount, up to a maximum of 300 million. The maturity date of the agreement is November 3, 2026, with available extensions of commitments for two additional one-year periods, subject to lender approval. 
 
 All lenders under the NW Holdings credit agreement are major financial institutions with committed balances and investment grade credit ratings as of December 31, 2022 as follows: 
 In millions Lender rating, by category Loan Commitment AA/Aa 200 Total 200 
 
 Based on credit market conditions, it is possible one or more lending commitments could be unavailable to NW Holdings if the lender defaulted due to lack of funds or insolvency; however, NW Holdings does not believe this risk to be imminent due to the lenders' strong investment-grade credit ratings. There was 88.0 million and 144.0 million of outstanding balances under the NW Holdings agreement at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The NW Holdings credit agreement permits the issuance of letters of credit in an aggregate amount of up to 40 million. The principal amount of borrowings under the credit agreement is due and payable on the maturity date. The credit agreement requires NW Holdings to maintain a consolidated indebtedness to total capitalization ratio of 70 or less. Failure to comply with this covenant would entitle the lenders to terminate their lending commitments and accelerate the maturity of all amounts outstanding. NW Holdings was in compliance with this covenant at December 31, 2022 and 2021, with consolidated indebtedness to total capitalization ratios of 57.6 and 60.5 , respectively. 
 
 The NW Holdings credit agreement also requires NW Holdings to maintain debt ratings (which are defined by a formula using NW Natural's credit ratings in the event NW Holdings does not have a credit rating) with Standard Poor's (S P) and Moody's Investors Service, Inc. (Moody s) and notify the lenders of any change in its senior unsecured debt ratings or senior secured debt ratings, as applicable, by such rating agencies. A change in NW Holdings' debt ratings by S P or Moody s is not an event of default, nor is the maintenance of a specific minimum level of debt rating a condition of drawing upon the credit agreement. Rather, interest rates on any loans outstanding under the credit agreements are tied to debt ratings and therefore, a change in the debt rating would increase or decrease the cost of any loans under the credit agreements when ratings are changed. NW Holdings does not currently maintain ratings with S P or Moody's. 
 
 Interest charges on the NW Holdings credit agreement were indexed to the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) through January 31, 2023. The agreement was amended to replace LIBOR with the secured overnight financing rate (SOFR) beginning February 2023. The SOFR is subject to a 10 basis point spread adjustment. The NW Holdings credit agreement also includes a mechanism that can increase or decrease the undrawn interest rate by up to 1 basis point and undrawn interest rate by up to 5 basis points in accordance with NW Holdings independently verified achievement of quantifiable metrics related to two goals one related to carbon savings and one related to in-line inspections of NW Natural s transmission pipeline. Performance against these metrics is designed to be assessed annually with pricing adjustments, if any, resetting off of primary pricing annually and not cumulatively. 
 
 NW Holdings had no letters of credit issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 NW Natural 
 NW Natural has a sustainability-linked multi-year credit agreement for unsecured revolving loans totaling 400 million, with a feature that allows NW Natural to request increases in the total commitment amount, up to a maximum of 600 million. The maturity date of the agreement is November 3, 2026 with an available extension of commitments for two additional one-year periods, subject to lender approval. 
 
 All lenders under the NW Natural credit agreement are major financial institutions with committed balances and investment grade credit ratings as of December 31, 2022 as follows: 
 In millions Lender rating, by category Loan Commitment AA/Aa 400 Total 400 
 
 Based on credit market conditions, it is possible one or more lending commitments could be unavailable to NW Natural if the lender defaulted due to lack of funds or insolvency; however, NW Natural does not believe this risk to be imminent due to the lenders' strong investment-grade credit ratings. 
 58 

The NW Natural credit agreement permits the issuance of letters of credit in an aggregate amount of up to 60 million. The principal amount of borrowings under the credit agreement is due and payable on the maturity date. There were no outstanding balances under this credit agreement at December 31, 2022 or 2021. The credit agreement requires NW Natural to maintain a consolidated indebtedness to total capitalization ratio of 70 or less. Failure to comply with this covenant would entitle the lenders to terminate their lending commitments and accelerate the maturity of all amounts outstanding. NW Natural was in compliance with this covenant at December 31, 2022 and 2021, with consolidated indebtedness to total capitalization ratios of 52.1 and 55.8 , respectively. 
 
 The NW Natural credit agreement also requires NW Natural to maintain credit ratings with S P and Moody s and notify the lenders of any change in NW Natural's senior unsecured debt ratings or senior secured debt ratings, as applicable, by such rating agencies. A change in NW Natural's debt ratings by S P or Moody s is not an event of default, nor is the maintenance of a specific minimum level of debt rating a condition of drawing upon the credit agreement. Rather, interest rates on any loans outstanding under the credit agreement are tied to debt ratings and therefore, a change in the debt rating would increase or decrease the cost of any loans under the credit agreement when ratings are changed. See " Credit Ratings " below. 
 
 Interest charges on the NW Natural credit agreement were indexed to the LIBOR through January 31, 2023. The agreement was amended to replace LIBOR with the SOFR beginning February 2023. The SOFR is subject to a 10 basis point spread adjustment. The NW Natural credit agreement also includes a mechanism that can increase or decrease the undrawn interest rate by up to 1 basis point and undrawn interest rate by up to 5 basis points in accordance with NW Natural s independently verified achievement of quantifiable metrics related to two goals one related to carbon savings and one related to in-line inspections of NW Natural s transmission pipeline. Performance against these metrics is designed to be assessed annually with pricing adjustments, if any, resetting off of primary pricing annually and not cumulatively. 
 
 In February 2023, NW Natural issued a 14 million letter of credit through its existing credit agreement. There were no other letters of credit outstanding under the credit agreement. 

Credit Ratings 
 NW Holdings does not currently maintain ratings with S P or Moody's. NW Natural's credit ratings are a factor of liquidity, potentially affecting access to the capital markets including the commercial paper market. NW Natural's credit ratings also have an impact on the cost of funds and the need to post collateral under derivative contracts. 
 
 The following table summarizes NW Natural's current credit ratings: 
 S P Moody's Commercial paper (short-term debt) A-1 P-2 Senior secured (long-term debt) AA- A2 Senior unsecured (long-term debt) n/a Baa1 Corporate credit rating A+ n/a Ratings outlook Stable Stable 
 
 The above credit ratings and ratings outlook are dependent upon a number of factors, both qualitative and quantitative, and are subject to change at any time. The disclosure of or reference to these credit ratings is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold NW Holdings or NW Natural securities. Each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 
 
 As part of the ring-fencing conditions agreed upon with the OPUC and WUTC, NW Holdings and NW Natural are required to maintain separate credit ratings, long-term debt ratings, and preferred stock ratings, if any. 

Long-Term Debt 
 Issuance of Long-Term Debt 
 In December 2022, NW Natural entered into a Bond Purchase Agreement between NW Natural and the institutional investors named as purchasers therein. The Bond Purchase Agreement provides for the issuance of (i) 100.0 million aggregate principal amount of NW Natural s First Mortgage Bonds (FMBs), 5.43 Series due 2053 (5.43 Bonds), (ii) 80.0 million aggregate principal amount of NW Natural s FMBs, 5.18 Series due 2034 (5.18 Bonds) and (iii) 50.0 million aggregate principal amount of NW Natural s FMBs, 5.23 Series due 2038 (5.23 Bonds) in reliance on an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The 5.43 Bonds were issued on January 6, 2023 , pursuant to the Twenty-fifth Supplemental Indenture to NW Natural s Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated as of July 1, 1946, with Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas as trustee (the Mortgage). The 5.18 Bonds and the 5.23 Bonds are expected to be issued on or about August 4, 2023, pursuant to the Twenty-sixth Supplemental Indenture to the Mortgage. 
 
 The 5.43 Bonds will bear interest at the rate of 5.43 per annum, payable semi-annually on January 6 and July 6 of each year, commencing July 6, 2023, and will mature on January 6, 2053. The 5.43 Bonds will be subject to redemption prior to maturity at the option of NW Natural, in whole or in part, (i) at any time prior to July 6, 2052, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount thereof plus a make-whole premium and accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of redemption, and 
 59 

(ii) at any time on and after July 6, 2052, at 100 of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of redemption. 
 
 The 5.18 Bonds will bear interest at the rate of 5.18 per annum, payable semi-annually on February 4 and August 4 of each year, commencing February 4, 2024, and will mature on August 4, 2034. The 5.18 Bonds will be subject to redemption prior to maturity at the option of NW Natural, in whole or in part, (i) at any time prior to May 4, 2034, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount thereof plus a make-whole premium and accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of redemption, and (ii) at any time on and after May 4, 2034, at 100 of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of redemption. 
 
 The 5.23 Bonds will bear interest at the rate of 5.23 per annum, payable semi-annually on February 4 and August 4 of each year, commencing February 4, 2024, and will mature on August 4, 2038. The 5.23 Bonds will be subject to redemption prior to maturity at the option of NW Natural, in whole or in part, (i) at any time prior to May 4, 2038, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount thereof plus a make-whole premium and accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of redemption, and (ii) at any time on and after May 4, 2038, at 100 of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of redemption. 
 
 In September 2022, NW Holdings entered into an 18-month credit agreement for 100.0 million and borrowed the full amount. The loan carries a variable interest rate based on the SOFR, resulting in a rate of 4.2 at December 31, 2022. The loan is due and payable on March 15, 2024. The credit agreement prohibits NW Holdings from permitting consolidated indebtedness to be greater than 70 of total capitalization, each as defined therein and calculated as of the end of each fiscal quarter. Failure to comply with this financial covenant would entitle the lenders to accelerate the maturity of the amounts outstanding under the credit agreement. NW Holdings was in compliance with this financial covenant as of December 31, 2022. In December 2022, NW Holdings entered into a swap to fix the interest rate on this debt beginning in January 2023 through the loan's maturity. See "Interest Rate Swap Agreements" below for more detail. 
 
 In September 2022, NWN Water entered into an 18-month credit agreement for 50.0 million and borrowed the full amount. The loan carries a variable interest rate based on the SOFR, resulting in a rate of 4.2 at December 31, 2022. The loan is due and payable on March 15, 2024. The credit agreement prohibits NWN Water and NW Holdings from permitting consolidated indebtedness to be greater than 70 of total capitalization, each as defined therein and calculated as of the end of each fiscal quarter. Failure to comply with this financial covenant would entitle the lenders to accelerate the maturity of the amounts outstanding under the credit agreement. NWN Water and NW Holdings were in compliance with this financial covenant as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 In July 2022, NW Natural entered into a Bond Purchase Agreement between NW Natural and the institutional investors named as purchasers therein for the issuance of 140.0 million aggregate principal amount of NW Natural's FMBs due in 2052 (the Bonds). The Bonds were issued on September 30, 2022. The Bonds bear interest at the rate of 4.78 per annum, payable semi-annually on March 30 and September 30 of each year, commencing March 30, 2023, and will mature on September 30, 2052. The Bonds are subject to redemption prior to maturity at the option of NW Natural, in whole or in part, (i) at any time prior to March 30, 2052, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount thereof plus a make-whole premium and accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of redemption, and (ii) at any time on and after March 30, 2052, at 100 of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of redemption. 
 
 In November 2021, NW Natural issued 130.0 million of FMBs with an interest rate of 3.08 due in 2051. Issued as a sustainability bond, net proceeds from the sale of the FMBs were added to the general funds of NW Natural and used for general corporate purposes, while an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from the sale of the bonds was allocated to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, investments in one or more projects of NW Natural deemed to be an eligible project in the bond offering. An amount equivalent to the proceeds were allocated to expenditures related to RNG infrastructure, energy efficiency programs, expenditures related to the operations of our LEED Gold certified headquarters building, and expenditures and program investments related to enabling opportunities for diverse and small business enterprises. 
 
 In June 2021, NWN Water, a wholly-owned subsidiary of NW Holdings, entered into a five-year term loan agreement for 55.0 million . The loan carried an interest rate of 2.5 at December 31, 2022, which is based upon the one-m onth SOFR rate. The loan is guaranteed by NW Holdings and requires NW Holdings to maintain a consolidated indebtedness to total capitalization ratio of 70 or less. Failure to comply with this covenant would entitle the lenders to terminate their lending commitments and accelerate the maturity of all amounts outstanding. NW Holdings was in compliance with this covenant at December 31, 2022, with a consolidated indebtedness to total capitalization ratio of 57.6 . In December 2022, NW Holdings entered into a swap to fix the interest rate on this debt beginning in January 2023 through the loan's maturity. See "Interest Rate Swap Agreements" below for more detail. 

60 

Interest Rate Swap Agreements 
 NW Holdings and NWN Water entered into interest rate swap agreements with major financial institutions that effectively convert variable-rate debt to a fixed rate. Interest payments made between the effective date and expiration date are hedged by the swap agreements. The notional amount, effective date, expiration date and rate of the swap agreements are shown in the table below: 
 In millions Notional Amount Effective Date Expiration Date Fixed Rate NW Holdings 100.0 1/17/2023 3/15/2024 4.7 NWN Water 55.0 1/19/2023 6/10/2026 3.8 
 
 Retirement of Long-Term Debt 
 The following NW Natural debentures were retired in the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, In millions 2022 2021 2020 NW Natural First Mortgage Bonds: Series 5.37 due 2020 75 Series 9.05 due 2021 10 Series 3.18 due 2021 50 Total 60 75 
 In June 2019, NW Natural Water, a wholly-owned subsidiary of NW Holdings, entered into a two-year term loan agreement for 35.0 million. The loan was repaid in June 2021 upon its maturity date. 
 
 Maturities and Interest on Long-Term Debt 
 Maturities and payment of interest on long-term debt for each of the annual periods through December 31, 2027 and thereafter are as follows: 
 In millions Long-term debt maturities Interest on long-term debt NW Natural: 2023 90.0 53.9 2024 50.7 2025 30.0 50.2 2026 55.0 48.2 2027 64.7 44.8 Thereafter 895.0 783.0 NW Natural Total 1,134.7 1,030.8 Other NW Holdings: 2023 0.8 12.8 2024 150.7 4.2 2025 0.7 2.7 2026 55.7 1.3 2027 0.7 0.1 Thereafter 2.6 0.3 Other NW Holdings Total 211.2 21.4 NW Holdings: 2023 90.8 66.7 2024 150.7 54.9 2025 30.7 52.9 2026 110.7 49.5 2027 65.4 44.9 Thereafter 897.6 783.3 NW Holdings Total 1,345.9 1,052.2 

61 

Bankruptcy Ring-fencing Restrictions 
 As part of the ring-fencing conditions agreed upon with the OPUC and WUTC, NW Natural is required to have one director who is independent from NW Natural management and from NW Holdings and to issue one share of NW Natural preferred stock to an independent third party. NW Natural was in compliance with both of these ring-fencing provisions as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. NW Natural may file a voluntary petition for bankruptcy only if approved unanimously by the Board of Directors of NW Natural, including the independent director, and by the holder of the preferred share. 

Cash Flows 
 
 Operating Activities 
 Changes in our operating cash flows are primarily affected by net income or loss, changes in working capital requirements, and other cash and non-cash adjustments to operating results. 
 In millions 2022 2021 2020 NW Natural cash provided by operating activities 145.2 141.5 148.5 NW Holdings cash provided by operating activities 147.7 160.4 145.3 
 
 2022 COMPARED TO 2021 . The significant factors contributing to the 3.7 million increase at NW Natural cash flow provided by operating activities were as follows: 
 52.9 million increase in net deferred gas costs as the actual cost of gas during the year ended December 31, 2022 was higher than the rate embedded in the PGA. In addition, for the year ended December 31, 2021, actual gas costs were 21 above the PGA rate due to the 2021 cold weather event; and 
 12.6 million increase in accounts payable primarily due to a larger volume of gas purchased and the higher cost of gas; partially offset by 
 32.0 million increase in asset optimization revenue sharing bill credits to customers due to the 2021 cold weather event; and 
 32.1 million increase in accounts receivable and accrued unbilled revenue resulting from higher balances due to colder weather. 
 The 12.7 million decrease in NW Holdings cash flow provided by operating activities were driven by the above factors affecting NW Natural, in addition to lower prepaid income taxes in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 
 2021 COMPARED TO 2020 . The significant factors contributing to the 7.0 million decrease at NW Natural cash flow provided by operating activities were as follows: 
 58.1 million increase in net deferred gas costs as the actual costs during the 2020-21 winter season were 21 above the PGA estimates primarily due to the 2021 cold weather event as opposed to gas costs in the 2019-20 winter season that were in line with estimates embedded in the PGA, 
 26.5 million decrease due to increased receivables; partially offset by 
 51.7 million increase in the regulatory incentive sharing mechanism related to revenues earned from Mist gas storage and asset management activities primarily related to the 2021 cold weather event, and 
 19.4 million of lower contributions to the defined benefit pension plan. 
 
 The 15.1 million increase in NW Holdings cash flow provided by operating activities were driven by the above factors affecting NW Natural, in addition to: 
 14.0 million increase due to lower income and other taxes, and 
 9.7 million increase due to lower deferred environmental expenses. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, NW Natural did not make any cash contributions to its qualified defined benefit pension plan, compared to 9.6 million in 2021 and 29.0 million in 2020. The American Rescue Plan, which was signed into law on March 11, 2021, includes a provision for pension relief that extends the amortization period for required contributions from 7 to 15 years and provides for the stabilization of interest rates used to calculate future required contributions. As a result, NW Natural does not expect to make any plan contributions during 2023. The amount and timing of future c ontributions will depend on market interest rates and investment returns on the plans assets. See Note 10. 
 
 NW Holdings and NW Natural have lease and purchase commitments relating to our operating activities that are financed with cash flows from operations. For information on cash flow requirements related to leases and other purchase commitments, see Note 7 and Note 16. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 In millions 2022 2021 2020 NW Natural cash used in investing activities (320.3) (275.7) (264.1) NW Holdings cash used in investing activities (435.5) (300.1) (294.3) 
 62 

2022 COMPARED TO 2021 . Cash used in investing activities increased 44.6 million at NW Natural and 135.4 million at NW Holdings, respectively. The increase at NW Natural is primary driven by an increase in capital expenditures of 40.4 million. The increase at NW Holdings is driven by the increase at NW Natural and 94.3 million in cash paid for water and wastewater acquisitions. 
 
 2021 COMPARED TO 2020 . Cash used in investing activities increased 11.6 million at NW Natural and 5.8 million at NW Holdings, respectively. The increase at NW Natural is primary driven by an increase in capital expenditures of 12.2 million for customer growth, system reinforcement, and technology. The increase at NW Holdings is driven by the 14.5 million purchase of an equity method investment and 12.5 million of proceeds from the sale of discontinued operations in 2020, partially offset by a 37.0 million decrease in cash paid for acquisitions. 
 
 NW Natural capital expenditures for 2023 are expected to be in the range of 310 million to 350 million and for the five-year period from 2023 to 2027 are expected to range from 1.3 billion to 1.5 billion. NW Natural Water is expected to invest approximately 25 million in 2023 related to maintenance capital expenditures for water and wastewater utilities owned as of December 31, 2022, and for the five-year period from 2023 to 2027 capital expenditures are expected to invest approximately 90 million to 110 million. 
 
 The timing and amount of the core capital expenditures and projects for 2023 and the next five years could change based on regulation, growth, and cost estimates. Additional investments in our infrastructure during and after 2023 that are not incorporated in the estimates provided above will depend largely on additional regulations, growth, and expansion opportunities. Required funds for the investments are expected to be internally generated or financed with long-term debt or equity, as appropriate. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 In millions 2022 2021 2020 NW Natural cash provided by financing activities 178.9 139.3 122.4 NW Holdings cash provided by financing activities 301.6 131.4 171.8 
 
 2022 COMPARED TO 2021 . Cash provided by financing activities increased 39.6 million at NW Natural primarily driven by 63.4 million in capital contributions by NW Holdings, partially offset by changes in debt. 
 
 Cash provided by financing activities increased 170.2 million at NW Holdings primarily due to cash proceeds of 191.1 million from the issuance of common stock and the ATM equity program, partially offset by changes in debt. 
 
 2021 COMPARED TO 2020 . Cash provided by financing activities increased 16.9 million at NW Natural primarily driven by higher short-term debt borrowings of 297.6 million and 116.0 million in capital contributions by NW Holdings, partially offset by 390.1 million of lower proceeds from and repayments of commercial paper with maturities greater than 90 days. 
 
 Cash provided by financing activities decreased 40.4 million at NW Holdings primarily due to 390.1 million of lower proceeds from and repayments of commercial paper with maturities greater than 90 days, partially offset by higher other short-term debt borrowings of 319.6 million and cash proceeds of 17.5 million from the ATM equity program. 

Pension Cost and Funding Status of Qualified Retirement Plans 
 NW Natural's pension costs are determined in accordance with accounting standards for compensation and retirement benefits. See Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Pensions and Postretirement Benefits below. Pension expense for NW Natural's qualified defined benefit plan, which is allocated between operations and maintenance expenses and capital expenditures totaled 5.4 million in 2022, a decrease of 11.2 million from 2021. The fair market value of pension assets in this plan decreased to 280.3 million at December 31, 2022 from 399.2 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease was due to a loss on plan assets of 93.7 million and benefit payments of 25.2 million. 
 
 Contributions made to NW Natural's company-sponsored qualified defined benefit pension plan are based on actuarial assumptions and estimates, tax regulations, and funding requirements under federal law. The qualified defined benefit pension plan was underfunded by 101.3 million at December 31, 2022. The American Rescue Plan, which was signed into law on March 11, 2021, includes a provision for pension relief that extends the amortization period for required contributions from 7 to 15 years and provides for the stabilization of interest rates used to calculate future required contributions. As a result, NW Natural does not expect to make any plan contributions during 2023. The amount and timing of future contributions will depend on market interest rates and investment returns on the plan's assets. See Note 10 for information regarding employer contributions and estimated future benefit payments and other pension disclosures. 
 63 

Contingent Liabilities 
 Loss contingencies are recorded as liabilities when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable in accordance with accounting standards for contingencies. See Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Environmental Contingencies below. At December 31, 2022, NW Natural's total estimated liability related to environmental sites was 118.8 million. See Note 17 and "Results of Operations Regulatory Matters Rate Mechanisms Environmental Cost Deferral and Recovery " above. 
 
 NW Holdings is not currently party to any direct claims or litigation, though in the future it may be subject to claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 For a description of recent accounting pronouncements that may have an impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows, see Note 2. 

APPLICATION OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 
 In preparing financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, management exercises judgment to assess the potential outcomes and related accounting impacts in the selection and application of accounting principles, including making estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and related disclosures in the financial statements. Management considers critical accounting policies to be those which are most important to the representation of financial condition and results of operations and which require management s most difficult and subjective or complex judgments, including accounting estimates that could result in materially different amounts if reported under different conditions or used different assumptions. Our most critical estimates and judgments for both NW Holdings and NW Natural include accounting for: 
 regulatory accounting; 
 revenue recognition; 
 derivative instruments and hedging activities; 
 pensions and postretirement benefits; 
 income taxes; 
 environmental contingencies; and 
 impairment of long-lived assets and goodwill. 
 
 Management has discussed its current estimates and judgments used in the application of critical accounting policies with the Audit Committees of the Boards of NW Holdings and NW Natural. Within the context of critical accounting policies and estimates, management is not aware of any reasonably likely events or circumstances that would result in materially different amounts being reported. 
 
 Regulatory Accounting 
 The NGD segment is regulated by the OPUC and WUTC, which establish the rates designed to recover specific costs of providing regulatory services, and, to a certain extent, set forth special accounting treatment for certain regulatory transactions for which NW Natural records regulatory assets and liabilities. In general, the same accounting principles as non-regulated companies reporting under U.S. GAAP are used. However, authoritative guidance for regulated operations (regulatory accounting) requires different accounting treatment for regulated companies to show the effects of such regulation. For example, NW Natural accounts for the cost of gas using a PGA deferral and cost recovery mechanism, which is submitted for approval annually to the OPUC and WUTC. See "Results of Operations Regulatory Matters Rate Mechanisms Purchased Gas Adjustment " above. There are other expenses and revenues that the OPUC or WUTC may require NW Natural to defer for recovery or refund in future periods. Regulatory accounting requires NW Natural to account for these types of deferred expenses (or deferred revenues) as regulatory assets (or regulatory liabilities) on the balance sheet. When the recovery of these regulatory assets from, or refund of regulatory liabilities to, customers is approved, NW Natural recognizes the expense or revenue on the income statement at the same time the adjustment to amounts is included in rates charged to customers. 
 
 The conditions that must be satisfied to adopt the accounting policies and practices of regulatory accounting include: 
 an independent regulator sets rates; 
 the regulator sets the rates to cover specific costs of delivering service; and 
 the service territory lacks competitive pressures to reduce rates below the rates set by the regulator. 
 
 Because NW Natural's NGD operations satisfy all three conditions, NW Natural continues to apply regulatory accounting to NGD operations. Future accounting changes, regulatory changes, or changes in the competitive environment could require NW Natural to discontinue the application of regulatory accounting for some or all of our regulated businesses. This would require the write-off of those regulatory assets and liabilities that would no longer be probable of recovery from or refund to customers. 
 
 Based on current accounting and regulatory competitive conditions, NW Natural believes it is reasonable to expect continued application of regulatory accounting for NGD activities. Further, it is reasonable to expect the recovery or refund of NW Natural's regulatory assets and liabilities at December 31, 2022 through future customer rates. If it is determined that all or a portion of 
 64 

these regulatory assets or liabilities no longer meet the criteria for continued application of regulatory accounting, then NW Natural would be required to write-off the net unrecoverable balances against earnings in the period such determination is made. The net balance in regulatory asset and liability accounts was a net liability of 479.3 million and a net liability of 382.7 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 2 for more detail on regulatory balances. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Revenues, which are derived primarily from the sale, transportation, and storage of natural gas, are recognized upon the delivery of gas commodity or services rendered to customers. 
 
 Accrued Unbilled Revenue 
 For a description of the policy regarding accrued unbilled revenue, most of which relates to the NGD business at NW Natural, see Note 2. The following table presents changes in key metrics if the estimated percentage of unbilled volume at December 31 was adjusted up or down by 1 : 
 2022 In millions Up 1 Down 1 Unbilled revenue increase (decrease) (1) 
 1.6 (1.6) Margin increase (decrease) (1) 
 0.2 (0.2) Net income before tax increase (decrease) (1) 
 0.2 (0.2) 
 (1) Includes impact of regulatory mechanisms including decoupling mechanism and excludes the impact of unbilled revenue from water services. 
 
 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
 NW Holdings and NW Natural have financial derivative policies that set forth guidelines for using financial derivative instruments to support prudent risk management strategies. These policies specifically prohibit the use of derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. Financial derivative contracts are utilized to hedge a portion of natural gas sale requirements. These contracts include swaps, options, and combinations of option contracts. NW Natural primarily uses these derivative financial instruments to manage commodity price variability. A small portion of NW Natural's derivative hedging strategy involves foreign currency exchange contracts. 
 
 Derivative instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. If certain regulatory conditions are met, then the derivative instrument fair value is recorded together with an offsetting entry to a regulatory asset or liability account pursuant to regulatory accounting, and no unrealized gain or loss is recognized in current income or loss. See " Regulatory Accounting " above for additional information. The gain or loss from the fair value of a derivative instrument subject to regulatory deferral is included in the recovery from, or refund to, NGD business customers in future periods. If a derivative contract is not subject to regulatory deferral, then the accounting treatment for unrealized gains and losses is recorded in accordance with accounting standards for derivatives and hedging which is either in current income or loss or in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss (AOCI or AOCL). Derivative contracts outstanding at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were measured at fair value using models or other market accepted valuation methodologies derived from observable market data. Estimates of fair value may change significantly from period-to-period depending on market conditions, notional amounts, and prices. These changes may have an impact on results of operations, but the impact would largely be mitigated due to the majority of derivative activities being subject to regulatory deferral treatment. For more information on derivative activity and associated regulatory treatment, see Note 2 and Note 15. 
 
 The following table summarizes the amount of gains realized from commodity price transactions for the last three years: 
 In millions 2022 2021 2020 NGD business net gain on commodity swaps 107.8 50.9 2.3 
 
 Realized gains and losses from commodity hedges shown above were recorded in cost of gas and were, or will be, included in annual PGA rates. 
 
 NW Holdings and NWN Water also use financial derivatives to hedge interest rate risk in the form of pay-fixed interest rate swaps. Unrealized gains and losses related to these interest rate swap agreements are recorded in AOCI on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 65 

Pensions and Postretirement Benefits 
 NW Natural maintains a qualified non-contributory defined benefit pension plan, non-qualified supplemental pension plans for eligible executive officers and certain key employees, and other postretirement employee benefit plans covering certain non-union employees. NW Natural also has a qualified defined contribution plan (Retirement K Savings Plan) for all eligible employees. Only the qualified defined benefit pension plan and Retirement K Savings Plan have plan assets, which are held in qualified trusts to fund the respective retirement benefits. The qualified defined benefit retirement plan for union and non-union employees was closed to new participants several years ago. Non-union and union employees hired or re-hired after December 31, 2006 and 2009, respectively, and employees of certain NW Holdings subsidiaries are provided an enhanced Retirement K Savings Plan benefit. The postretirement Welfare Benefit Plan for non-union employees was also closed to new participants several years ago. 
 
 Net periodic pension and postretirement benefit costs (retirement benefit costs) and projected benefit obligations (benefit obligations) are determined using a number of key assumptions, including discount rates, rate of compensation increases, retirement ages, mortality rates and an expected long-term return on plan assets. See Note 10. 
 
 Accounting standards also require balance sheet recognition of unamortized actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs in AOCI or AOCL, net of tax. However, the retirement benefit costs related to qualified defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans are generally recovered in rates charged to NGD customers, which are set based on accounting standards for pensions and postretirement benefit expenses. As such, NW Natural received approval from the OPUC to recognize the unamortized actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs as a regulatory asset or regulatory liability based on expected rate recovery, rather than including it as AOCI or AOCL under common equity. See " Regulatory Accounting" above and Note 2, " Industry Regulation. " 
 
 A number of factors, as discussed above, are considered in developing pension and postretirement benefit assumptions. For the December 31, 2022 measurement date, NW Natural reviewed and updated: 
 the weighted-average discount rate assumptions for pensions increased from 2.71 for 2021 to 5.18 for 2022, and the weighted-average discount rate assumptions for other postretirement benefits increased from 2.72 for 2021 to 5.19 for 2022. The new rate assumptions were determined for each plan based on a matching of benchmark interest rates to the estimated cash flows, which reflect the timing and amount of future benefit payments. Benchmark interest rates are drawn from the FTSE Above Median Curve, which consists of high quality bonds rated AA- or higher by S P or Aa3 or higher by Moody 
 the expected annual rate of future compensation is separately determined for bargaining unit and non-bargaining unit employees. The rate assumption ranges from 4.5 to 5.0 in 2023, 4.0 to 6.0 in 2024 and 4.0 thereafter. 
 the expected long-term return on qualified defined benefit plan assets increased to 7.50 in 2022 from 7.00 in 2021; and 
 other key assumptions, which were based on actual plan experience and actuarial recommendations. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the net pension liability (benefit obligations less market value of plan assets) for the defined benefit pension plan decreased 3.3 million compared to 2021. The decrease in the net pension liability is primarily due to the 118.9 million decrease in plan assets and the 122.3 million decrease to the pension benefit obligation. The liability for non-qualified plans decreased 6.9 million, and the liability for other postretirement benefits decreased 7.3 million in 2022. 
 The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is determined by averaging the expected earnings for the target asset portfolio. In developing expected return, historical actual performance, and long-term return projections are analyzed, which gives consideration to the current asset mix and target asset allocation. 
 
 NW Natural believes its pension assumptions are appropriate based on plan design and an assessment of market conditions. The following shows the sensitivity of retirement benefit costs and benefit obligations to changes in certain actuarial assumptions: 
 Dollars in millions Change in Assumption Impact on 2022 Retirement Benefit Costs Impact on Retirement Benefit Obligations at Dec. 31, 2022 Discount rate: (0.25) Qualified defined benefit plans 1.6 10.5 Non-qualified plans 0.1 Other postretirement benefits 0.1 0.5 Expected long-term return on plan assets: (0.25) Qualified defined benefit plans 0.9 N/A 
 
 66 

Income Taxes 
 Valuation Allowances 
 Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that these assets are believed to be more likely than not to be realized. In making such a determination, available positive and negative evidence is considered, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations. NW Holdings and NW Natural have determined that all recorded deferred tax assets are more likely than not to be realized as of December 31, 2022. See Note 11. 
 
 Uncertain Tax Benefits 
 The calculation of tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. A tax benefit from a material uncertain tax position will only be recognized when it is more likely than not that the position, or some portion thereof, will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, on the basis of the technical merits. NW Holdings and NW Natural participate in the Compliance Assurance Process (CAP) with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). Under the CAP program companies work with the IRS to identify and resolve material tax matters before the federal income tax return is filed each year. No reserves for uncertain tax benefits were recorded during 2022, 2021, or 2020. See Note 11. 
 
 Tax Legislation 
 When significant proposed or enacted changes in income tax rules occur, we consider whether there may be a material impact to our financial position, results of operations, cash flows, or whether the changes could materially affect existing assumptions used in making estimates of tax related balances. 
 
 The final tangible property regulations applicable to all taxpayers were issued on September 13, 2013 and were generally effective for taxable years beginning on or after January 1, 2014. In addition, procedural guidance related to the regulations was issued under which taxpayers may make accounting method changes to comply with the regulations. We have evaluated the regulations and do not anticipate any material impact. However, unit-of-property guidance applicable to natural gas distribution networks has not yet been issued and is expected in the near future. We will further evaluate the effect of these regulations after this guidance is issued, but believe the current method is materially consistent with the new regulations and do not expect this additional guidance to have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 
 Regulatory Matters 
 Regulatory tax assets and liabilities are recorded to the extent it is probable they will be recoverable from, or refunded to, customers in the future. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, NW Natural had net regulatory income tax assets of 10.2 million and 12.4 million, respectively, representing future rate recovery of deferred tax liabilities resulting from differences in NGD plant financial statement and tax bases and NGD plant removal costs. These regulatory assets are currently being recovered through customer rates. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, regulatory income tax assets of 2.9 million and 2.4 million, respectively, were recorded by NW Natural, representing probable future rate recovery of deferred tax liabilities resulting from the equity portion of AFUDC. At December 31, 2021, regulatory income tax asset of 0.4 million was recorded by NW Natural, representing future recovery of Oregon CAT that was deferred between January 1, 2020 and October 31, 2020. In October 2020, the OPUC issued an order providing for recovery of deferred Oregon CAT as well as CAT incurred prospectively beginning November 1, 2020. This asset was fully recovered as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, regulatory liability balances, representing the estimated net benefit to NGD customers resulting from the change in deferred taxes as a result of the TCJ A, of 181.4 million and 189.6 million, re spectively, were recorded by NW Natural. These balances include a gross up for income tax es of 48.0 million a nd 50.2 million, respectively. 
 
 The TCJA includes specific guidance for determining the shortest time period over which the portion of this regulatory liability resulting from accelerated cost recovery of NGD plant may accrue to the benefit of customers to avoid incurring federal normalization penalties. However, it is anticipated that until such time that customers receive the direct benefit of this regulatory liability, the balance, net of the additional gross up for income taxes, will continue to provide an indirect benefit to customers by reducing the NGD rate base which determines customer rates for service. 
 
 Environmental Contingencies 
 Environmental liabilities are accounted for in accordance with accounting standards under the loss contingency guidance when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss is reaso nably estimable. Amounts recorded for environmental contingencies take numerous factors into consideration, including, among other variables, changes in enacted laws, regulatory orders, estimated remediation costs, interest rates, insurance proceeds, participation by other parties, timing of payments, and the input of legal counsel and third-party experts. Accordingly, changes in any of these variables or other factual circumstances could have a material impact on the amounts recorded for our environmental liabilities. For a complete discussion of environmental accounting policies refer to Note 2. For a discussion of current environmental sites and liabilities refer to Note 17. In addition, for information regarding the regulatory treatment of these costs and NW Natural's regulatory recovery mechanism, see "Results of Operations Regulatory Matters Rate Mechanisms Environmental Cost Deferral and Recovery " above. 
 
 67 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and Goodwill 
 Long-Lived Assets 
 We review the carrying value of long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the assets might not be recoverable. Factors that would necessitate an impairment assessment of long-lived assets include a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which the asset is used, a significant adverse change in legal factors or business climate that could affect the value of the asset, or a significant decline in the observable market value or expected future cash flows of the asset, among others. 
 
 When such factors are present, we assess the recoverability by determining whether the carrying value of the asset will be recovered through expected future cash flows. An asset is determined to be impaired when the carrying value of the asset exceeds the expected undiscounted future cash flows from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. If an impairment is indicated, we record an impairment loss for the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the long-lived assets. Fair value is estimated using appropriate valuation methodologies, which may include an estimate of discounted cash flows. 
 Goodwill and Business Combinations 
 In a business combination, goodwill is initially measured as any excess of the acquisition-date fair value of the consideration transferred over the acquisition-date fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired. 
 
 The carrying value of goodwill is reviewed annually during the fourth quarter, or whenever events or changes in circumstance indicate that such carrying values may not be recoverable. 
 
 NW Holdings' policy for goodwill assessments begins with a qualitative analysis in which events and circumstances are evaluated, including macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, regulatory environments, and the overall financial performance of the reporting unit. If the qualitative assessment indicates that the carrying value may be at risk of recoverability, a quantitative evaluation is performed to measure the carrying value against the fair value of the reporting unit. This evaluation may involve the assessment of future cash flows and other subjective factors for which uncertainty exists and could impact the estimation of future cash flows. These factors include, but are not limited to, the amount and timing of future cash flows, future growth rates, and the discount rate. Unforeseen events and changes in circumstances or market conditions could adversely affect these estimates, which could result in an impairment charge. A qualitative assessment was performed during the fourth quarter of 2022 which indicated a quantitative assessment was not required; thus, no goodwill impairment was recorded. See Note 2 and Note 14 for additional information. 
 
 Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of an acquisition is measured as the aggregate of the consideration transferred, measured at fair value at the acquisition date, and the fair value of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred. When NW Natural acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets acquired and liabilities assumed for appropriate classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent conditions as of the acquisition date. When there is substantial judgment or uncertainty around the fair value of acquired assets, we may engage a third party expert to assist in determining the fair values of certain assets or liabilities. 

68 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 NW Holdings and NW Natural are exposed to various forms of market risk including commodity supply risk, commodity price risk, interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, credit risk and weather risk. The following describes NW Holdings' and NW Natural's exposure to these risks, as applicable. 
 
 Commodity Supply Risk 
 NW Natural enters into spot, short-term, and long-term natural gas supply contracts, along with associated pipeline transportation contracts, to manage commodity supply risk. Historically, NW Natural has arranged for physical delivery of an adequate supply of gas, including gas in Mist storage and off-system storage facilities, to meet expected requirements of core NGD customers. NW Natural's long-term gas supply contracts are primarily index-based and subject to monthly re-pricing, a strategy that is intended to substantially mitigate credit exposure to physical gas counterparties. Absolute notional amounts under physical gas contracts related to open positions on derivative instruments were 463 million therms and 432 million therms as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 Natural gas commodity prices are subject to market fluctuations due to unpredictable factors including weather, pipeline transportation congestion, drilling technologies, market speculation, and other factors that affect supply and demand. Commodity price risk is hedged with financial swaps, storage and physical gas reserves from a long-term investment in working interests in gas leases operated by Jonah Energy. These hedges are generally included in NW Natural's annual PGA filing for recovery, subject to a regulatory prudence review. Notional amounts under financial derivative contracts were 359.5 million and 159.9 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The fair value of financial swaps, based on market prices at December 31, 2022, was an unrealized gain of 150.6 million, which would result in cash inflows of 134.3 million in 2023, 10.8 million in 2024, and 5.5 million in 2025. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 NW Holdings and NW Natural are exposed to interest rate risk primarily associated with new debt financing needed to fund capital requirements, including future contractual obligations and maturities of long-term and short-term debt. Interest rate risk is primarily managed through the issuance of fixed-rate debt with varying maturities. NW Holdings and NW Natural may also enter into financial derivative instruments, including interest rate swaps, options and other hedging instruments, to manage and mitigate interest rate exposure. NW Holdings and NWN Water entered into interest rate swaps transactions for a total notional amount of 155 million to manage variable interest rate risk in December 2022. NW Natural did not have any outstanding interest rate swaps as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 The costs of certain pipeline and off-system storage services purchased from Canadian suppliers are subject to changes in the value of the Canadian currency in relation to the U.S. currency. Foreign currency forward contracts are used to hedge against fluctuations in exchange rates for NW Natural's commodity-related demand and reservation charges paid in Canadian dollars. Notional amounts under foreign currency forward contracts were 7.6 million and 6.3 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. If all of the foreign currency forward contracts had been settled on December 31, 2022, a loss of 165 thousand would have been realized. See Note 15. 
 
 Credit Risk 
 Credit Exposure to Natural Gas Suppliers 
 Certain gas suppliers have either relatively low credit ratings or are not rated by major credit rating agencies. To manage this supply risk, NW Natural purchases gas from a number of different suppliers at liquid exchange points. NW Natural evaluates and monitors suppliers creditworthiness and maintains the ability to require additional financial assurances, including deposits, letters of credit, or surety bonds, in case a supplier defaults. In the event of a supplier s failure to deliver contracted volumes of gas, the NGD business would need to replace those volumes at prevailing market prices, which may be higher or lower than the original transaction prices. NW Natural expects these costs would be subject to its PGA sharing mechanism discussed above. Since most of NW Natural's commodity supply contracts are priced at the daily or monthly market index price tied to liquid exchange points, and NW Natural has adequate storage flexibility, NW Natural believes it is unlikely a supplier default would have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Credit Exposure to Financial Derivative Counterparties 
 Based on estimated fair value at December 31, 2022, NW Natural's overall credit exposure relating to commodity contracts was 150.6 million. We generally have credit exposure to financial commodity swap derivative counterparties when forward gas prices exceed our hedge prices, which was the case with all financial swap counterparties at December 31, 2022. NW Natural s credit exposure also includes interest rate swap and foreign exchange forward counterparties, neither of which were significant at December 31, 2022. NW Natural's financial derivatives policy requires counterparties to have at least an investment-grade credit rating at the time the derivative instrument is entered into and specific limits on the contract amount and duration based on each counterparty s credit rating. NW Natural actively monitors and manages derivative credit exposure and places counterparties on hold for trading purposes or requires cash collateral, letters of credit, or guarantees as circumstances warrant. 
 
 69 

The following table summarizes NW Natural's overall financial swap and option credit exposure, based on estimated fair value, and the corresponding counterparty credit ratings. The table uses credit ratings from S P and Moody s, reflecting the higher of the S P or Moody s rating or a middle rating if the entity is split-rated with more than one rating level difference: 
 Financial Derivative Position by Credit Rating Unrealized Fair Value Gain (Loss) In millions 2022 2021 AA/Aa 77.9 44.3 A/A 72.7 6.9 Total 150.6 51.2 
 
 In most cases, NW Natural also mitigates the credit risk of financial derivatives by having master netting arrangements with counterparties which provide for making or receiving net cash settlements. Transactions of the same type in the same currency that have settlement on the same day with a single counterparty are netted and a single payment is delivered or received depending on which party is due funds. 
 
 Additionally, NW Natural has master contracts in place with each derivative counterparty, most of which include provisions for posting or calling for collateral. Generally, NW Natural can obtain cash or marketable securities as collateral with one day s notice. Various collateral management strategies are used to reduce liquidity risk. The collateral provisions vary by counterparty but are not expected to result in the significant posting of collateral, if any. NW Natural has performed stress tests on the portfolio and concluded the liquidity risk from collateral calls is not material. Derivative credit exposure is primarily with investment grade counterparties rated AA-/Aa3 or higher. Contracts are diversified across counterparties, business types and countries to reduce credit and liquidity risk. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, financial derivative commodity credit risk on a volumetric basis was geographically concentrated 28 in the United States and 71 in Canada, based on counterparties' location. At December 31, 2021, financial derivative commodity credit risk on a volumetric basis was geographically concentrated 37 in the United States and 63 in Canada with our counterparties. 
 
 Credit Exposure to Insurance Companies 
 Credit exposure to insurance companies for loss or damage claims could be material. NW Holdings and NW Natural regularly monitor the financial condition of insurance companies who provide general liability insurance policy coverage to NW Holdings, NW Natural, their predecessors, and their subsidiaries. 
 
 Weather Risk 
 NW Natural has a weather normalization mechanism in Oregon; however, it is exposed to weather risk primarily from NGD business operations. A large percentage of NGD margin is volume driven, and current rates are based on an assumption of average weather. NW Natural's weather normalization mechanism in Oregon is for residential and small commercial customers, which is intended to stabilize the recovery of NGD business fixed costs and reduce fluctuations in customers bills due to colder or warmer than average weather. Customers in Oregon are allowed to opt out of the weather normalization mechanism. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 7 of Oregon customers had opted out. In addition to the Oregon customers opting out, Washington residential and commercial customers account for approximately 12 of our total customer base and are not covered by weather normalization. The combination of Oregon and Washington customers not covered by a weather normalization mechanism is 19 o f all residential and commercial customers. See "Results of Operations Regulatory Matters Rate Mechanisms WARM " above. 
 70 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page 1. Management's Reports on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 72 
 2. Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 74 
 3. Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) of Northwest Natural Holding Company for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 2020 
 78 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets of Northwest Natural Holding Company at December 31, 202 2 and 2021 
 79 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity of Northwest Natural Holding Company for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 2 , and 2020 
 81 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows of Northwest Natural Holding Company for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 2020 
 82 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) of Northwest Natural Gas Company for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 2020 
 84 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets of Northwest Natural Gas Company at December 31, 202 2 and 2021 
 85 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholder's Equity of Northwest Natural Gas Company for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 2020 
 87 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows of Northwest Natural Gas Company for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 20 20 
 88 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 89 
 4. Supplementary Data for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020: Financial Statement Schedules Schedule I - Condensed Financial Information of Northwest Natural Holding Company at December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 , and for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 2020 
 131 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves of Northwest Natural Holding Company and Northwest Natural Gas Company for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 2020 
 135 

Supplemental Schedules Omitted 
 
 All other schedules are omitted because of the absence of the conditions under which they are required or because the required information is included elsewhere in the financial statements. 
 
 71 

NW HOLDINGS MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 NW Holdings management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. NW Holdings' internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP). NW Holdings' internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions involving company assets; 
 
 (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the NW Holdings Board of Directors; and 
 
 (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of the unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of NW Holdings' assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements or fraud. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 NW Holdings management assessed the effectiveness of NW Holdings' internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, NW Holdings management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) . 
 
 Based on NW Holdings management's assessment and those criteria, NW Holdings management has concluded that it maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears in this annual report. 
 
 /s/ David H. Anderson 
 David H. Anderson 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 /s/ Frank H. Burkhartsmeyer 
 Frank H. Burkhartsmeyer 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 February 24, 2023 

72 

NW NATURAL MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 NW Natural management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. NW Natural's internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP). NW Natural's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions involving company assets; 
 
 (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the NW Natural Board of Directors; and 
 
 (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of the unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of NW Natural's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements or fraud. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 NW Natural management assessed the effectiveness of NW Natural's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, NW Natural management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) . 
 
 Based on NW Natural management's assessment and those criteria, NW Natural management has concluded that it maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 /s/ David H. Anderson 
 David H. Anderson 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 /s/ Frank H. Burkhartsmeyer 
 Frank H. Burkhartsmeyer 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 February 24, 2023 
 
 73 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Northwest Natural Holding Company 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Northwest Natural Holding Company and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss), of shareholders' equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and financial statement schedules listed in the accompanying index (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 74 

Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Accounting for the Effects of Regulatory Matters 
 As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, there were 457.9 million of regulatory assets and 938.2 million of regulatory liabilities as of December 31, 2022. As disclosed by management, the Company has operations that are subject to the actions of regulators which establish rates in general rate cases and other proceedings which are designed to recover specific costs of providing regulatory services for which management records regulatory assets and liabilities. Regulatory accounting requires management to account for deferred expenses (or deferred revenues) as regulatory assets (or regulatory liabilities) on the balance sheet. When the recovery of these regulatory assets from, or refund of regulatory liabilities to, customers is approved, management recognizes the expense or revenue on the income statement at the same time the adjustment to amounts is included in rates charged to customers. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the Company s accounting for the effects of regulatory matters is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management in assessing the potential outcomes and related accounting impacts of rate cases and other proceedings. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence obtained related to the recovery of regulatory assets and the settlement of regulatory liabilities. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s assessment of rates cases and other proceedings, including the probability of recovery of regulatory assets and the settlement of regulatory liabilities and related accounting and disclosure impacts. These procedures also included, among others (i) evaluating the reasonableness of management s assessment regarding the probability of recovery of regulatory assets and settlement of regulatory liabilities, (ii) evaluating the sufficiency of the disclosures in the consolidated financial statements, and (iii) testing the regulatory assets and liabilities, including those subject to regulatory proceedings, also involved considering the provisions and formulas outlined in rate orders, other regulatory correspondence, and the application of relevant regulatory precedents. 

/s/ 
 
 February 24, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1997. 
 75 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholder of Northwest Natural Gas Company: 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Northwest Natural Gas Company and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss), of shareholder's equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Accounting for the Effects of Regulatory Matters 
 As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, there were 457.9 million of regulatory assets and 937.2 million of regulatory liabilities as of December 31, 2022. As disclo sed by management, the Company has operations that are subject to the actions of regulators which establish rates in general rate cases and other proceedings which are designed to recover specific costs of providing regulatory services for which management records regulatory assets and liabilities. Regulatory accounting requires management to account for deferred expenses (or deferred revenues) as regulatory assets (or regulatory liabilities) on the balance sheet. When the recovery of these regulatory assets from, or refund of regulatory liabilities to, customers is approved, management recognizes the expense or revenue on the income statement at the same time the adjustment to amounts is included in rates charged to customers. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the Company s accounting for the effects of regulatory matters is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management in assessing the potential outcomes and related accounting impacts of rate cases and other proceedings. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence obtained related to the recovery of regulatory assets and the settlement of regulatory liabilities. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s assessment of rates cases and other proceedings, including the probability of recovery of regulatory assets and the settlement of regulatory liabilities and related accounting and disclosure impacts. These procedures also included, among others (i) evaluating the reasonableness of management s assessment regarding the probability of recovery of regulatory assets 
 76 

and settlement of regulatory liabilities, (ii) evaluating the sufficiency of the disclosures in the consolidated financial statements, and (iii) testing the regulatory assets and liabilities, including those subject to regulatory proceedings, also involved considering the provisions and formulas outlined in rate orders, other regulatory correspondence, and the application of relevant regulatory precedents. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 February 24, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1997. 
 
 77 

NORTHWEST NATURAL HOLDING COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 Year Ended December 31, In thousands, except per share data 2022 2021 2020 Operating revenues Operating expenses: Cost of gas Operations and maintenance Environmental remediation General taxes Revenue taxes Depreciation Other operating expenses Total operating expenses Income from operations Other income (expense), net ) ) Interest expense, net Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income from continuing operations Income from discontinued operations, net of tax Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Change in employee benefit plan liability, net of taxes of ) for 2022, ) for 2021, and for 2020 
 ) Amortization of non-qualified employee benefit plan liability, net of taxes of ) for 2022, ) for 2021, and ) for 2020 
 Unrealized gain on interest rate swaps, net of taxes of ) for 2022 
 Comprehensive income Average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted Earnings from continuing operations per share of common stock: Basic Diluted Earnings from discontinued operations per share of common stock: Basic Diluted Earnings per share of common stock: Basic Diluted 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 78 

NORTHWEST NATURAL HOLDING COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 As of December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 Assets: Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Accrued unbilled revenue Allowance for uncollectible accounts ) ) Regulatory assets Derivative instruments Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Non-current assets: Property, plant, and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation Total property, plant, and equipment, net Regulatory assets Derivative instruments Other investments Operating lease right of use asset, net Assets under sales-type leases Goodwill Other non-current assets Total non-current assets Total assets 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 79 

NORTHWEST NATURAL HOLDING COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 As of December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 Liabilities and equity: Current liabilities: Short-term debt Current maturities of long-term debt Accounts payable Taxes accrued Interest accrued Regulatory liabilities Derivative instruments Operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred credits and other non-current liabilities: Deferred tax liabilities Regulatory liabilities Pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities Derivative instruments Operating lease liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total deferred credits and other non-current liabilities Commitments and contingencies (see Note 16 and Note 17) Equity: Common stock - par value; authorized shares; issued and outstanding and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 80 

NORTHWEST NATURAL HOLDING COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 Common Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Equity In thousands Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Dividends on common stock, per share 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Shares issued pursuant to equity based plans Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Comprehensive income (loss) Dividends on common stock, per share 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Shares issued pursuant to equity based plans Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Comprehensive income (loss) Dividends on common stock, per share 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Shares issued pursuant to equity based plans Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 81 

NORTHWEST NATURAL HOLDING COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Year Ended December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operations: Depreciation Regulatory amortization of gas reserves Deferred income taxes Qualified defined benefit pension plan expense Contributions to qualified defined benefit pension plans ) ) Deferred environmental expenditures, net ) ) ) Environmental remediation expense Gain on sale of discontinued operations, net of tax ) Asset optimization revenue sharing bill credits ) ) ) Other Changes in assets and liabilities: Receivables, net ) ) ) Inventories ) ) Income and other taxes ) Accounts payable ) Deferred gas costs ) Asset optimization revenue sharing ) Decoupling mechanism ) Cloud-based software ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Discontinued operations Cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Leasehold improvement expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from the sale of assets Purchase of equity method investment ) ) Proceeds from sale of equity method investment Proceeds from sale of discontinued operations Other ) ) Discontinued operations ) Cash used in investing activities ) ) ) 
 82 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Financing activities: Proceeds from common stock issued, net Long-term debt issued Long-term debt retired ) ) Proceeds from term loan due within one year Repayment of term loan ) ) Proceeds from commercial paper, maturities greater than three months Repayments of commercial paper, maturities greater than three months ) Changes in other short-term debt, net ) ) Cash dividend payments on common stock ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Cash provided by financing activities Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Interest paid, net of capitalization Income taxes paid, net of refunds 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 83 

NORTHWEST NATURAL GAS COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 Year Ended December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 2020 Operating revenues Operating expenses: Cost of gas Operations and maintenance Environmental remediation General taxes Revenue taxes Depreciation Other operating expenses Total operating expenses Income from operations Other income (expense), net ) ) ) Interest expense, net Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Change in employee benefit plan liability, net of taxes of ) for 2022, ) for 2021, and for 2020 
 ) Amortization of non-qualified employee benefit plan liability, net of taxes of ) for 2022, ) for 2021, and ) for 2020 
 Comprehensive income 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 84 

NORTHWEST NATURAL GAS COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 As of December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 Assets: Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Accrued unbilled revenue Receivables from affiliates Allowance for uncollectible accounts ) ) Regulatory assets Derivative instruments Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Non-current assets: Property, plant, and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation Total property, plant, and equipment, net Regulatory assets Derivative instruments Other investments Operating lease right of use asset, net Assets under sales-type leases Other non-current assets Total non-current assets Total assets 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 85 

NORTHWEST NATURAL GAS COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 As of December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 Liabilities and equity: Current liabilities: Short-term debt Current maturities of long-term debt Accounts payable Payables to affiliates Taxes accrued Interest accrued Regulatory liabilities Derivative instruments Operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred credits and other non-current liabilities: Deferred tax liabilities Regulatory liabilities Pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities Derivative instruments Operating lease liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total deferred credits and other non-current liabilities Commitments and contingencies (see Note 16 and Note 17) Equity: Common stock Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 86 

NORTHWEST NATURAL GAS COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY 
 Common Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Equity In thousands Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Dividends on common stock ) ) Other ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Comprehensive income (loss) Dividends on common stock ) ) Capital contributions from parent Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Comprehensive income (loss) Dividends on common stock ) ) Capital contributions from parent Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 87 

NORTHWEST NATURAL GAS COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Year Ended December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operations: Depreciation Regulatory amortization of gas reserves Deferred income taxes Qualified defined benefit pension plan expense Contributions to qualified defined benefit pension plans ) ) Deferred environmental expenditures, net ) ) ) Environmental remediation expense Asset optimization revenue sharing bill credits ) ) ) Other Changes in assets and liabilities: Receivables, net ) ) ) Inventories ) ) Income and other taxes ) Accounts payable ) Deferred gas costs ) Asset optimization revenue sharing ) Decoupling mechanism ) Cloud-based software ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Leasehold improvement expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from the sale of assets Other ) ) Cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities: Long-term debt issued Long-term debt retired ) ) Proceeds from term loan due within one year Repayment of term loan ) ) Proceeds from commercial paper, maturities greater than three months Repayment of commercial paper, maturities greater than three months ) Changes in other short-term debt, net ) ) Cash contributions received from parent Cash dividend payments on common stock ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Cash provided by financing activities Increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Interest paid, net of capitalization Income taxes paid, net of refunds 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 88 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 

2. 

89 

Gas costs Environmental costs (2) 
 Decoupling (3) 
 Pension balancing (4) 
 Income taxes Other (5) 
 Total current Non-current: Unrealized loss on derivatives (1) 
 Pension balancing (4) 
 Income taxes Pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities Environmental costs (2) 
 Gas costs Other (5) 
 Total non-current Other (NW Holdings) Total non-current -NW Holdings 
 Unrealized gain on derivatives (1) 
 Decoupling (3) 
 Income taxes (6) 
 Asset optimization revenue sharing Other (5) 
 Total current - NW Natural Other (NW Holdings) Total current - NW Holdings Non-current: Gas costs Unrealized gain on derivatives (1) 
 Decoupling (3) 
 Income taxes (6) 
 Accrued asset removal costs (7) 
 Asset optimization revenue sharing Other (5) 
 Total non-current - NW Natural Other (NW Holdings) Total non-current -NW Holdings 
 (1) Unrealized gains or losses on derivatives are non-cash items and, therefore, do not earn a rate of return or a carrying charge. These amounts are recoverable through natural gas distribution rates as part of the annual Purchased Gas Adjustment (PGA) mechanism when realized at settlement. 
 (2) Refer to the Environmental Cost Deferral and Recovery table in Note 17 for a description of environmental costs. 
 (3) This deferral represents the margin adjustment resulting from differences between actual and expected volumes. 
 (4) Refer to Note 10 for information regarding the deferral of pension expenses. 
 90 

The amortization period for NW Natural's regulatory assets and liabilities ranges from less than one year to an indeterminable period. Regulatory deferrals for gas costs payable are generally amortized over months beginning each November 1 following the gas contract year during which the deferred gas costs are recorded. Similarly, most other regulatory deferred accounts are amortized over months. However, certain regulatory account balances, such as income taxes, environmental costs, pension liabilities, and accrued asset removal costs, are large and tend to be amortized over longer periods once NW Natural has agreed upon an amortization period with the respective regulatory agency. 
 
 We believe all costs incurred and deferred at December 31, 2022 are prudent. All regulatory assets are reviewed annually for recoverability, or more often if circumstances warrant. If we should determine that all or a portion of these regulatory assets no longer meet the criteria for continued application of regulatory accounting, then NW Natural would be required to write-off the net unrecoverable balances in the period such determination is made. 
 
 Regulatory interest income of million and million and regulatory interest expense of million and million was recognized within other income (expense), net for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Environmental Regulatory Accounting 

COVID-19 Impact 
 During 2020, our regulated utilities received approval in their respective jurisdictions to defer certain financial impacts associated with COVID-19 such as bad debt expense, financing costs to secure liquidity, lost revenues related to late fees and reconnection fees, and other COVID-19 related costs, net of offsetting direct expense reductions associated with COVID-19. As of December 31, 2022, we believe that approximately million of the financial effects related to COVID-19 are recoverable. As part of the 2022 Oregon general rate case, NW Natural received approval from the OPUC to recover the 2020 and 2021 COVID-19 deferral beginning November 1, 2022. Approximately million will be amortized over a two -year period and NW Natural may request recovery of the remaining amount in the third year. Included in the total balance is approximately million of forgone late fee revenue that will be recognized in future periods as billed. Beginning January 2023, NW Natural will no longer defer any COVID-19 related costs in Oregon. NW Natural expects to recover its COVID-19 deferrals in Washington in a future proceeding. 
 
 91 

Accounting Policies 
 The accounting policies discussed below apply to both NW Holdings and NW Natural. 
 
 for 2022, 2021 and 2020, reflecting the approximate weighted-average economic life of the property. This includes 2022 weighted-average depreciation rates for the following asset categories: for transmission and distribution plant, for gas storage facilities, for general plant, and for intangible and other fixed assets. 
 
 AFUDC. Certain additions to NGD plant include AFUDC, which represents the net cost of debt and equity funds used during construction. AFUDC is calculated using actual interest rates for debt and authorized rates for ROE, if applicable. If short-term debt balances are less than the total balance of construction work in progress, then a composite AFUDC rate is used to represent interest on all debt funds, shown as a reduction to interest charges, and on ROE funds, shown as other income. While cash is not immediately recognized from recording AFUDC, it is realized in future years through rate recovery resulting from the higher NGD cost of service. Our composite AFUDC rate was in 2022, in 2021, and in 2020. 
 
 IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS. We review the carrying value of long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. Factors that would necessitate an impairment assessment of long-lived assets include a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which the asset is used, a significant adverse change in legal factors or business climate that could affect the value of the asset, or a significant decline in the observable market value or expected future cash flows of the asset, among others. 
 
 When such factors are present, we assess the recoverability by determining whether the carrying value of the asset will be recovered through expected future cash flows. An asset is determined to be impaired when the carrying value of the asset exceeds the expected undiscounted future cash flows from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. If an impairment is indicated, we record an impairment loss for the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the long-lived assets. Fair value is estimated using appropriate valuation methodologies, which may include an estimate of discounted cash flows. 
 million, substantially all of which is recorded at NW Natural, and at December 31, 2021, NW Holdings had outstanding checks. These balances are included in accounts payable in the NW Holdings and NW Natural balance sheets. 
 
 Restricted cash is primarily comprised of funds from public purpose charges for programs that assist low-income customers with bill payments or energy efficiency. These balances are included in other current assets in the NW Holdings and NW Natural balance sheets. There were no transfers between restricted cash and cash and cash equivalents during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform prior period information to the current presentation. 
 92 

Restricted cash included in other current assets 11,694 8,561 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of the cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash balances at NW Natural as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash included in other current assets 11,694 8,561 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 
 million and million, respectively, substantially all of which is accrued unbilled revenue at NW Natural. 

million, million, and million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 days past due or when deemed uncollectible. Differences between the estimated allowance and actual write-offs will occur based on a number of factors, including changes in economic conditions, customer creditworthiness, and natural gas prices. The allowance for uncollectible accounts is adjusted quarterly, as necessary, based on information currently available. 
 
 ALLOWANCE FOR TRADE RECEIVABLES. The payment term of our NGD receivables is generally days. For these short-term receivables, it is not expected that forecasted economic conditions would significantly affect the loss estimates under stable economic conditions. For extreme situations like a financial crisis, natural disaster, and the economic slowdown caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, we enhanced our review and analysis. 
 
 For the 2022 residential and commercial uncollectible provision, we primarily followed our standard methodology, which includes assessing historical write-off trends and current information on delinquent accounts. Beginning October 1, 2022, new collection rules from the OPUC applied to residential and commercial customers. This included enhanced protections for low-income customers, a return to pre-pandemic time payment arrangements terms, revised disconnection rules during the heating season, and other items. As a result of these Oregon rule changes and our recent collection process experience, we augmented our 
 93 

days, accounts on payment plans, and all other open accounts not on payment plans. For industrial accounts, we continue to assess the provision on an account-by-account basis with specific reserves taken as necessary. NW Natural will continue to closely monitor and evaluate our accounts receivable and the provision for uncollectible accounts. 
 
 ) Commercial ) Industrial ) Accrued unbilled and other ) Total ) 
 
 ALLOWANCE FOR NET INVESTMENTS IN SALES-TYPE LEASES. NW Natural currently holds net investments in sales-type leases, with substantially all of the net investment balance related to the North Mist natural gas storage agreement with Portland General Electric (PGE) which is billed under an OPUC-approved rate schedule. See Note 7 for more information on the North Mist lease. Due to the nature of this service, PGE may recover the costs of the lease through general rate cases. Therefore, we expect the risk of loss due to the credit of this lessee to be remote. As such, allowance for uncollectibility was recorded for our sales-type lease receivables. NW Natural will continue monitoring the credit health of the lessees and the overall economic environment, including the economic factors closely tied to the financial health of our current and future lessees. 
 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, NW Holdings' materials and supplies inventories, which are comprised primarily of NW Natural's materials and supplies, totaled million and million, respectively. 
 
 During 2022 and 2021, NW Natural entered into certain agreements to purchase renewable thermal certificates (RTCs). RTCs are initially recorded at cost and subsequently assessed for impairment based on the lower-of-cost or market model. NW Natural's RTCs inventory totaled million at December 31, 2022, and all RTCs purchased during 2021 were retired or used on customers behalf prior to December 31, 2021. 

94 

or deferral of higher or lower gas costs such that the impact on current earnings from the gas cost sharing is either or of gas cost differences compared to PGA prices, respectively. For each of the PGA years in Oregon beginning November 1, 2022, 2021, and 2020, NW Natural selected the deferral of gas cost differences. In Washington, of the differences between the PGA prices and actual gas costs are deferred. See Note 15. 
 
 NW Holdings and NW Natural have financial derivative policies that set forth guidelines for using selected derivative products to support prudent risk management strategies within designated parameters. NW Natural's objective for using derivatives is to decrease the volatility of gas prices and cash flows without speculative risk. The use of derivatives is permitted only after the risk exposures have been identified, are determined to exceed acceptable tolerance levels, and are determined necessary to support normal business activities. NW Natural does not enter into derivative instruments for trading purposes. All commodity and foreign exchange derivatives are currently held at NW Natural, and interest rate swaps are held at NW Holdings and NWN Water. 
 
 million and million, respectively. All of NW Holdings' goodwill was acquired through the business combinations completed by NWN Water and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. impairment charges were recorded as a result of the fourth quarter goodwill impairment assessment. 
 
 Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of an acquisition is measured as the aggregate of the consideration transferred, measured at fair value at the acquisition date, and the fair value of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred. When NW Natural acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets acquired and liabilities assumed for appropriate classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent conditions as of the acquisition date. When there is substantial judgment or 
 95 

accrued interest or penalties for uncertain tax benefits have been recorded. See Note 11. 

Unconsolidated Affiliates 
 NW Holdings, NW Natural and NWN Water have equity interests in businesses which we account for under the equity method as we do not exercise control of the major operating and financial policies. The carrying value of these investments was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The business transactions with our equity method investments are not significant. We regularly assesses the profitability and valuation of our investments for any potential impairment. See Note 13 . 
 
 Cloud Computing Arrangements 
 Implementation costs associated with its cloud computing arrangements are capitalized consistent with costs capitalized for internal-use software. Capitalized implementation costs are included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. The implementation costs are amortized over the term of the related hosting agreement, including renewal periods that are reasonably certain to be exercised. Amortization expense of implementation costs are recorded as operations and maintenance expenses in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The implementation costs are included within operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 
 96 

3. 
 
 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax Net income Average common shares outstanding - basic Additional shares for stock-based compensation plans (See Note 8) Average common shares outstanding - diluted Earnings from continuing operations per share of common stock: Basic Diluted Earnings from discontinued operations per share of common stock: Basic Diluted Earnings per share of common stock: Basic Diluted Additional information: Anti-dilutive shares 

4. 
 
 reportable business segment, which is NW Natural's local gas distribution business and is referred to as the NGD segment. NW Natural and NW Holdings also have investments and business activities not specifically related to the NGD segment, which are aggregated and reported as other and described below for each entity. 
 
 individual customer accounts for over 10 of NW Holdings' or NW Natural's operating revenues. 
 
 Natural Gas Distribution 
 NW Natural's local gas distribution segment (NGD) is a regulated utility principally engaged in the purchase, sale, and delivery of natural gas and related services to customers in Oregon and southwest Washington. The NGD business is responsible for building and maintaining a safe and reliable pipeline distribution system, purchasing sufficient gas supplies from producers and marketers, contracting for firm and interruptible transportation of gas over interstate pipelines to bring gas from the supply basins into its service territory, and re-selling the gas to customers subject to rates, terms, and conditions approved by the OPUC or WUTC. NGD also includes taking customer-owned gas and transporting it from interstate pipeline connections, or city gates, to the customers end-use facilities for a fee, which is approved by the OPUC or WUTC. Approximately of NGD customers are located in Oregon and in Washington. On an annual basis, residential and commercial customers typically account for around of total NGD volumes delivered and around of NGD margin. Industrial customers largely account for the remaining volumes and NGD margin. A small amount of the margin is also derived from miscellaneous services, gains or losses from an incentive gas cost sharing mechanism, and other service fees. 
 
 Industrial sectors served by the NGD business include: pulp, paper, and other forest products; the manufacture of electronic, electrochemical and electrometallurgical products; the processing of farm and food products; the production of various mineral products; metal fabrication and casting; the production of machine tools, machinery, and textiles; the manufacture of asphalt, concrete, and rubber; printing and publishing; nurseries; and government and educational institutions. 
 
 In addition to NW Natural's local gas distribution business, the NGD segment also includes the portion of the Mist underground storage facility used to serve NGD customers, the North Mist gas storage expansion in Oregon, NWN Gas Reserves, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Energy Corp, and NW Natural RNG Holding Company, LLC, a holding company established to invest in the development and procurement of regulated renewable natural gas for NW Natural. 
 
 97 

of the pre-tax income from these services when the costs of the capacity were not included in NGD rates, or of the pre-tax income when the costs have been included in these rates. The remaining and , respectively, are recorded to a deferred regulatory account for crediting back to NGD customers. 
 
 NW Holdings 
 NW Holdings' activities in Other include all remaining activities not associated with NW Natural, specifically NWN Water, which consolidates the water and wastewater utility operations and is pursuing other investments in the water and wastewater sector through itself and wholly-owned subsidiaries; NWN Water's equity investment in Avion Water Company, Inc.; NWN Gas Storage, a wholly-owned subsidiary of NWN Energy; NWN Energy's equity investment in Trail West Holdings, LLC (TWH) through August 6, 2020; other pipeline assets in NNG Financial; and NW Natural Renewables Holdings, LLC and its non-regulated renewable natural gas activities. For more information on the sale of TWH, see Note 13. Other also includes corporate revenues and expenses that cannot be allocated to other operations, including certain business development activities. 
 
 Segment Information Summary 
 Inter-segment transactions were immaterial for the periods presented. 
 Depreciation Income (loss) from operations ) Net income (loss) from continuing operations ) Capital expenditures Total assets at December 31, 2022 2021 Operating revenues Depreciation Income (loss) from operations ) Net income (loss) from continuing operations ) Capital expenditures Total assets at December 31, 2021 2020 Operating revenues Depreciation Income (loss) from operations Net income (loss) from continuing operations ) Capital expenditures Total assets at December 31, 2020 
 
 Natural Gas Distribution Margin 
 NGD margin is the primary financial measure used by the CODM, consisting of NGD operating revenues, reduced by the associated cost of gas, environmental remediation expense, and revenue taxes. The cost of gas purchased for NGD customers is generally a pass-through cost in the amount of revenues billed to regulated NGD customers. Environmental remediation expense represents collections received from customers through environmental recovery mechanisms in Oregon and Washington as well as adjustments for the Oregon environmental earnings test when applicable. This is offset by environmental remediation expense presented in operating expenses. Revenue taxes are collected from NGD customers and remitted to taxing authorities. The collections from customers are offset by the expense recognition of the obligation to the taxing authority. By subtracting cost of gas, environmental remediation expense, and revenue taxes from NGD operating revenues, NGD margin provides a key metric used by the CODM in assessing the performance of the NGD segment. 
 
 98 

Other regulated services Total NGD operating revenues Less: NGD cost of gas Environmental remediation expense Revenue taxes NGD margin 

5. COMMON STOCK 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, NW Holdings had million shares of common stock authorized. As of December 31, 2022, NW Holdings had shares reserved for issuance of common stock under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) and shares reserved for issuance under the Dividend Reinvestment and Direct Stock Purchase Plan (DRPP). At NW Holdings' election, shares sold through the DRPP may be purchased in the open market or through original issuance of shares reserved for issuance under the DRPP. 
 
 In August 2021, NW Holdings initiated an at-the-market (ATM) equity program by entering into an equity distribution agreement under which NW Holdings may issue and sell from time to time shares of common stock, par value, having an aggregate gross sales price of up to million. NW Holdings is under no obligation to offer and sell common stock under the ATM equity program, which expires in August 2024. Any shares of common stock offered under the ATM equity program are registered on NW Holdings universal shelf registration statement filed with the SEC. During the year ended December 31, 2022, NW Holdings issued and sold shares of common stock pursuant to the ATM equity program resulting in cash proceeds of million, net of fees and commissions paid to agents of million. As of December 31, 2022, NW Holdings had million of equity available for issuance under the program. The ATM equity program was initiated to raise funds for general corporate purposes, including equity contributions to NW Holdings subsidiaries, NW Natural and NW Natural Water. Contributions to NW Natural and NW Natural Water will be used for general corporate purposes. 
 
 On April 1, 2022, NW Holdings issued and sold shares of its common stock pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 and related prospectus settlement. NW Holdings received net offering proceeds, after deducting the underwriter's discounts and commissions and estimated expenses payable by NW Holdings, of approximately million. The proceeds are to be used for general corporate purposes, including repayment of its short-term indebtedness and/or making equity contributions to NW Holdings' subsidiaries, NW Natural, NW Natural Water and NW Natural Renewables. Contributions to NW Natural, NW Natural Water and NW Natural Renewables are to be used for general corporate purposes. Of the contributions received by NW Natural, million was used to repay its short-term indebtedness. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 NW Holdings has a share repurchase program under which it may purchase its common shares on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. NW Holdings currently has Board authorization to repurchase up to an aggregate of the greater of million shares or million. shares of common stock were repurchased pursuant to this program during the year ended December 31, 2022. Since the plan s inception in 2000 under NW Natural, a total of million shares have been repurchased at a total cost of million. 
 
 99 

Sales to employees under ESPP Stock-based compensation Sales to shareholders under DRPP Balance, December 31, 2020 Sales to employees under ESPP Stock-based compensation Equity issuance Sales to shareholders under DRPP Balance, December 31, 2021 Sales to employees under ESPP Stock-based compensation Equity issuance Sales to shareholders under DRPP Balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 6. 
 
 Gas storage revenue, net Asset management revenue, net Appliance retail center revenue Other revenue Revenue from contracts with customers Alternative revenue ) ) ) Leasing revenue Total operating revenues 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 In thousands NGD Other (NW Natural) NW Natural Other (NW Holdings) NW Holdings Natural gas sales Gas storage revenue, net Asset management revenue, net Appliance retail center revenue Other revenue Revenue from contracts with customers Alternative revenue Leasing revenue Total operating revenues 
 
 100 

Gas storage revenue, net Asset management revenue, net Appliance retail center revenue Other revenue Revenue from contracts with customers Alternative revenue Leasing revenue Total operating revenues 
 
 NW Natural's revenue represents substantially all of NW Holdings' revenue and is recognized for both registrants when the obligation to customers is satisfied and in the amount expected to be received in exchange for transferring goods or providing services. Revenue from contracts with customers contains performance obligation that is generally satisfied over time, using the output method based on time elapsed, due to the continuous nature of the service provided. The transaction price is determined by a set price agreed upon in the contract or dependent on regulatory tariffs. Customer accounts are settled on a monthly basis or paid at time of sale and based on historical experience. It is probable that we will collect substantially all of the consideration to which we are entitled. We evaluated the probability of collection in accordance with the current expected credit losses standard. 
 
 NW Holdings and NW Natural do not have any material contract assets, as net accounts receivable and accrued unbilled revenue balances are unconditional and only involve the passage of time until such balances are billed and collected. NW Holdings and NW Natural do not have any material contract liabilities. 
 
 Revenue taxes are included in operating revenues with an equal and offsetting expense recognized in operating expenses in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Revenue-based taxes are primarily franchise taxes, which are collected from NGD customers and remitted to taxing authorities. 
 
 Natural Gas Distribution 
 Natural Gas Sales 
 NW Natural's primary source of revenue is providing natural gas to customers in the NGD service territory, which includes residential, commercial, industrial and transportation customers. NGD revenue is generally recognized over time upon delivery of the gas commodity or service to the customer, and the amount of consideration received and recognized as revenue is dependent on the Oregon and Washington tariffs. Customer accounts are to be paid in full each month, and there is right of return or warranty for services provided. Revenues include firm and interruptible sales and transportation services, franchise taxes recovered from the customer, late payment fees, service fees, and accruals for gas delivered but not yet billed (accrued unbilled revenue). The accrued unbilled revenue balance is based on estimates of deliveries during the period from the last meter reading and management judgment is required for a number of factors used in this calculation, including customer use and weather factors. 
 
 We applied the significant financing practical expedient and have not adjusted the consideration NW Natural expects to receive from NGD customers for the effects of a significant financing component as all payment arrangements are settled annually. Due to the election of the right to invoice practical expedient, we do not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations. 
 
 Alternative Revenue 
 Weather normalization (WARM) and decoupling mechanisms are considered to be alternative revenue programs. Alternative revenue programs are considered to be contracts between NW Natural and its regulator and are excluded from revenue from contracts with customers. 
 
 Leasing Revenue 
 Leasing revenue primarily consists of revenues from NW Natural's North Mist Storage contract with Portland General Electric (PGE) in support of PGE's gas-fired electric power generation facilities under an initial -year contract with options to extend, totaling up to an additional years upon mutual agreement of the parties. The facility is accounted for as a sales-type lease with regulatory accounting deferral treatment. The investment is included in rate base under an established cost-of-service tariff schedule, with revenues recognized according to the tariff schedule and as such, profit upon commencement was deferred and will be amortized over the lease term. Leasing revenue also contains rental revenue from small leases of property owned by NW Natural to third parties. The majority of these transactions are accounted for as operating leases and the revenue is recognized over the term of the lease agreement. Lease revenue is excluded from revenue from contracts with customers. See Note 7 for additional information. 

101 

right of return or warranty for services provided. Revenues include firm and interruptible storage services, net of the profit sharing amount refunded to NGD customers. 
 
 Asset Management Revenue 
 Revenues include the optimization of storage assets and pipeline capacity and are provided net of the profit sharing amount refunded to NGD customers. Certain asset management revenues received are recognized over time using a straight-line approach over the term of each contract, and the amount of consideration received and recognized as revenue is dependent on a variable pricing model. Variable revenues earned above guaranteed amounts are estimated and recognized at the end of each period using the most likely amount approach. Additionally, other asset management revenues may be based on a fixed rate. Generally, asset management accounts are settled on a monthly basis. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized revenue for the fixed component of the transaction price related to gas storage and asset management revenue was approximately million. Of this amount, approximately million will be recognized in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, and million thereafter. The amounts presented here are calculated using current contracted rates. 
 
 Appliance Retail Center Revenue 
 NW Natural owns and operates an appliance store that is open to the public, where customers can purchase natural gas home appliances. Revenue from the sale of appliances is recognized at the point in time in which the appliance is transferred to the third party responsible for delivery and installation services and when the customer has legal title to the appliance. It is required that the sale be paid for in full prior to transfer of legal title. The amount of consideration received and recognized as revenue varies with changes in marketing incentives and discounts offered to customers. 
 
 NW Holdings Other 
 NW Holdings' primary source of other revenue is providing water and wastewater services to customers. Water and wastewater service revenue is generally recognized over time upon delivery of the water commodity or service to the customer, and the amount of consideration received and recognized as revenue is dependent on the tariffs established in the state we operate. Customer accounts are to be paid in full each month, and there is right of return or warranty for services provided. 
 
 . 
 
 7. 
 
 -year term beginning May 2019 with options to extend, totaling up to an additional years upon mutual agreement of the parties. Under U.S. GAAP, this agreement is classified as a sales-type lease and qualifies for regulatory accounting deferral treatment. The investment in the storage facility is included in rate base under a separately established cost-of-service tariff, with revenues recognized according to the tariff schedule. As such, the selling profit that was calculated upon commencement as part of the sale-type lease recognition was deferred and will be amortized over the lease term. Billing rates under the cost-of-service tariff will be updated annually to reflect current information including depreciable asset levels, forecasted operating expenses, and the results of regulatory proceedings, as applicable, and revenue received under this agreement is recognized as operating revenue on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. There are variable payments or residual value guarantees. The lease does not contain an option to purchase the underlying assets. 
 
 NW Natural also maintains a sales-type lease for specialized compressor facilities to provide high pressure compressed natural gas (CNG) services. Lease payments are outlined in an OPUC-approved rate schedule over a -year term. There are no variable payments or residual value guarantees. The selling profit computed upon lease commencement was not significant. 
 
 Our lessor portfolio also contains small leases of property owned by NW Natural to third parties. These transactions are accounted for as operating leases and the revenue is recognized over the term of the lease agreement. 

102 

Additionally, lease revenue of million, million and million was recognized for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, related to operating leases associated with non-utility property rentals. Lease revenue related to these leases was presented in other income (expense), net on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income as it is non-operating income. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: imputed interest Total leases receivable Other NW Holdings: 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments NW Holdings: 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: imputed interest Total leases receivable 
 
 The total leases receivable above is reported under the NGD segment and the short- and long-term portions are included within other current assets and assets under sales-type leases on the consolidated balance sheets, respectively. The total amount of unguaranteed residual assets was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included in assets under sales-type leases on the consolidated balance sheets. Additionally, under regulatory accounting, the revenues and expenses associated with these agreements are presented on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income such that their presentation aligns with similar regulated activities at NW Natural. 
 
 Lease Expense 
 Operating Leases 
 We have operating leases for land, buildings and equipment. Our primary lease is for NW Natural's headquarters and operations center. Our leases have remaining lease terms of to years. Many of our lease agreements include options to 
 103 

months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. 
 
 As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate and are entered into by NW Natural, we use an estimated discount rate representing the rate we would have incurred to finance the funds necessary to purchase the leased asset and is based on information available at the lease commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. 
 
 Short-term lease expense 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 In thousands NW Natural Other (NW Holdings) NW Holdings Operating lease expense Short-term lease expense 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 In thousands NW Natural Other (NW Holdings) NW Holdings Operating lease expense Short-term lease expense 
 
 Operating lease liabilities - current liabilities Operating lease liabilities - non-current liabilities Total operating lease liabilities 
 
 Supplemental balance sheet information related to operating leases as of December 31, 2021 is as follows: 
 In thousands NW Natural Other (NW Holdings) NW Holdings Operating lease right of use assets Operating lease liabilities - current liabilities Operating lease liabilities - non-current liabilities Total operating lease liabilities 
 
 The weighted-average remaining lease terms and weighted-average discount rates for the operating leases at NW Natural were as follows: 
 2022 2021 Weighted-average remaining lease term (years) Weighted-average discount rate 
 
 Headquarters and Operations Center Lease 
 NW Natural commenced a -year operating lease agreement in March 2020 for a new headquarters and operations center in Portland, Oregon. There is an option to extend the term of the lease for two additional periods of . There is a material timing difference between the minimum lease payments and expense recognition as calculated under operating lease accounting rules. OPUC issued an order allowing us to align our expense recognition with cash payments for ratemaking purposes. We recorded the difference between the minimum lease payments and the aggregate of the imputed interest on the finance lease 
 104 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest Total lease obligations Less: current obligations Long-term lease obligations 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were finance lease liabilities at NW Natural. 
 
 Cash Flow Information 
 Finance cash flows from finance leases Right of use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Operating leases Finance leases 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 In thousands NW Natural Other (NW Holdings) NW Holdings Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Operating cash flows from operating leases Finance cash flows from finance leases Right of use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Operating leases Finance leases 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 In thousands NW Natural Other (NW Holdings) NW Holdings Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Operating cash flows from operating leases Finance cash flows from finance leases Right of use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 Finance Leases 
 remaining liability. The right of use asset for finance leases was 2.3 million and 2.1 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

105 

8. 
 
 shares were authorized for issuance as of December 31, 2022. Shares awarded under the LTIP may be purchased on the open market or issued as original shares. 
 
 Of the shares of common stock authorized for LTIP awards at December 31, 2022, there were shares available for issuance under any type of award. This assumes market, performance, and service-based grants currently outstanding are awarded at the target level. There were outstanding grants of restricted stock or stock options under the LTIP at December 31, 2022 or 2021. The LTIP stock awards are compensatory awards for which compensation expense is based on the fair value of stock awards, with expense being recognized over the performance and vesting period of the outstanding awards. Forfeitures are recognized as they occur. 
 
 Performance Shares 
 LTIP performance shares incorporate a combination of market, performance, and service-based factors. 
 Actual award: 2019-2021 grant 2018-2020 grant 
 (1) In addition to common stock shares, a participant also receives a dividend equivalent cash payment equal to the number of shares of common stock received on the award payout multiplied by the aggregate cash dividends paid per share during the performance period. 
 (2) Amount represents the expense recognized in the third year of the vesting period noted above. For the 2019-2021 and 2020-2022 grants, mutual understanding of the award's key terms was established in the third year of the vesting period, triggering full expense recognition in 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 (3) This represents the estimated number of shares to be awarded as of December 31, 2022 as certain performance share measures have been achieved. Amounts are subject to change with final payout amounts authorized by the Board of Directors in February 2023. 
 
 2021-23 2022-24 Total 
 
 Performance share awards are based on the achievement of a three -year ROIC threshold that must be met and a cumulative EPS factor, which can be modified by a TSR factor relative to the performance of the Russell 2500 Utilities Index (2020-2022 performance share awards) or a specified peer group (2021-2023 and 2022-2024 performance share awards) over the three-year performance period. The performance period allows for one of the performance factors to remain variable until the first quarter of the third year of the award period. As the performance factor will not be approved until the first quarter of 2023 and 2024, there is not a mutual understanding of the awards' key terms and conditions between NW Natural and the participants as of December 31, 2022, and therefore, expense was recognized for the 2021-2023 and 2022-2024 performance period. NW Natural will calculate the grant date fair value and recognize expense once the final performance factor has been approved. If the target is achieved for the 2021-2023 and 2022-2024 awards, NW Holdings would grant for accounting purposes and shares in the first quarter of 2023 and 2024, respectively. 
 
 Compensation expense is recognized in accordance with accounting standards for stock-based compensation and calculated based on performance levels achieved and an estimated fair value using the Monte-Carlo method. Due to there not being a mutual understanding of the 2021-2023 and 2022-2024 awards' key terms and conditions as noted above, the grant date fair value has not yet been determined and non-vested shares existed at December 31, 2022. The weighted-average grant date fair value of non-vested shares associated with the 2020-2022 awards was per share at December 31, 2022. The 
 106 

per share and there were performance shares granted during the year and unrecognized compensation expense for accounting purposes as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 In 2012, RSUs began being granted under the LTIP instead of stock options under the Restated SOP. Generally, the RSUs awarded are forfeitable and include a performance-based threshold as well as a vesting period of from the grant date. The majority of our RSU grants obligate NW Holdings, upon vesting, to issue the RSU holder one share of common stock. The grant may also include a cash payment equal to the total amount of dividends paid per share between the grant date and vesting date of that portion of the RSU depending on the structure of the award agreement. The fair value of an RSU is equal to the closing market price of NW Holdings' common stock on the grant date. During 2022, total RSU expense was million compared to million in 2021 and million in 2020. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost from grants of RSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a period extending through 2026 . 
 
 Information regarding the RSU activity is summarized as follows: 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested, December 31, 2020 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested, December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested, December 31, 2022 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 NW Holdings' ESPP allows employees of NW Holdings, NW Natural and certain designated subsidiaries to purchase common stock at of the closing price on the trading day immediately preceding the initial offering date, which is set annually. For the 2022-2023 ESPP period, each eligible employee may purchase up to worth of stock through payroll deductions over a period defined by the Board of Directors, with shares issued at the end of the subscription period. 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 Stock-based compensation expense is recognized as operations and maintenance expense or is capitalized as part of construction overhead at the entity at which the award recipient is employed. The following table summarizes the NW Holdings' financial statement impact, substantially all of which was recorded at NW Natural, of stock-based compensation under the LTIP and ESPP: 
 Income tax benefit ) ) ) Net stock-based compensation effect on net income Amounts capitalized for stock-based compensation 

107 

9. 
 
 Other (NW Holdings): Credit agreement NW Holdings 
 (1) Weighted average interest rate on outstanding short-term debt 
 
 The carrying cost of commercial paper approximates fair value using Level 2 inputs. See Note 2 for a description of the fair value hierarchy. At December 31, 2022, NW Natural's commercial paper had a maximum remaining maturity of days and an average remaining maturity of days. 
 
 Credit Agreements 
 NW Holdings 
 In November 2021, NW Holdings entered into an amended and restated million credit agreement, with a feature that allows NW Holdings to request increases in the total commitment amount, up to a maximum of million. The maturity date of the agreement is November 3, 2026, with an available extension of commitments for two additional one -year periods, subject to lender approval. Interest charges on the NW Holdings credit agreement were indexed to the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) through January 31, 2023. The agreement was amended to replace LIBOR with the secured overnight financing rate (SOFR) beginning February 2023. The SOFR is subject to a 10 basis point spread adjustment. 
 The NW Holdings credit agreement permits the issuance of letters of credit in an aggregate amount of up to million. The principal amount of borrowings under the credit agreement is due and payable on the maturity date. The credit agreement requires NW Holdings to maintain a consolidated indebtedness to total capitalization ratio of or less. Failure to comply with this covenant would entitle the lenders to terminate their lending commitments and accelerate the maturity of all amounts outstanding. NW Holdings was in compliance with this covenant at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The NW Holdings credit agreement also requires NW Holdings to maintain debt ratings (which are defined by a formula using NW Natural's credit ratings in the event NW Holdings does not have a credit rating) with Standard Poor's (S P) and Moody's Investors Service, Inc. (Moody s) and notify the lenders of any change in its senior unsecured debt ratings or senior secured debt ratings, as applicable, by such rating agencies. A change in NW Holdings' debt ratings by S P or Moody s is not an event of default, nor is the maintenance of a specific minimum level of debt rating a condition of drawing upon the credit agreement. Rather, interest rates on any loans outstanding under the credit agreements are tied to debt ratings and therefore, a change in the debt rating would increase or decrease the cost of any loans under the credit agreements when ratings are changed. NW Holdings does not currently maintain ratings with S P or Moody's. 
 
 There was million and million of outstanding balances under the NW Holdings agreement at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. letters of credit were issued or outstanding under the NW Holdings agreement at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 NW Natural 
 In November 2021, NW Natural entered into an amended and restated credit agreement for unsecured revolving loans totaling million, with a feature that allows NW Natural to request increases in the total commitment amount, up to a maximum of million. The maturity date of the agreement is November 3, 2026 with an available extension of commitments for two additional one -year periods, subject to lender approval. The credit agreement permits the issuance of letters of credit in an 
 108 

million. The principal amount of borrowings under the credit agreement is due and payable on the maturity date. Interest charges on the NW Natural credit agreement were indexed to the LIBOR through January 31, 2023. The agreement was amended to replace LIBOR with the SOFR beginning February 2023. The SOFR is subject to a 10 basis point spread adjustment. 
 
 NW Natural's credit agreement requires NW Natural to maintain a consolidated indebtedness to total capitalization ratio of or less. Failure to comply with this covenant would entitle the lenders to terminate their lending commitments and accelerate the maturity of all amounts outstanding. NW Natural was in compliance with this covenant at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The NW Natural credit agreement also requires NW Natural to maintain credit ratings with S P and Moody s and notify the lenders of any change in NW Natural's senior unsecured debt ratings or senior secured debt ratings, as applicable, by such rating agencies. A change in NW Natural's debt ratings by S P or Moody s is not an event of default, nor is the maintenance of a specific minimum level of debt rating a condition of drawing upon the credit agreement. Rather, interest rates on any loans outstanding under the credit agreement are tied to debt ratings and therefore, a change in the debt rating would increase or decrease the cost of any loans under the credit agreement when ratings are changed. 
 
 There were outstanding balances under NW Natural's credit agreement and letters of credit issued or outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. In February 2023, NW Natural issued a million letter of credit through its existing credit agreement. There were no other letters of credit outstanding under the credit agreement. 
 
 Long-Term Debt 
 NW Holdings 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, NW Holdings long-term debt consisted of the following: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 In millions Balance Outstanding Weighted Average Interest Rate (1) 
 Balance Outstanding Weighted Average Interest Rate (1) 
 NW Natural first mortgage bonds NW Holdings credit agreement NWN Water credit agreement NWN Water term loan Other long-term debt Long-term debt, gross Less: unamortized debt issuance costs Less: current maturities Total long-term debt 
 (1) Weighted average interest rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Long-term debt at NWN Water is primarily comprised of a five -year term loan agreement for million, due in 2026. NWN Water entered into this agreement in June 2021 and the interest rate is based upon the one -month SOFR rate. The loan is guaranteed by NW Holdings and requires NW Holdings to maintain a consolidated indebtedness to total capitalization ratio of or less. Failure to comply with this covenant would entitle the lenders to terminate their lending commitments and accelerate the maturity of all amounts outstanding. NW Holdings was in compliance with this covenant at December 31, 2022 and 2021, with a consolidated indebtedness to total capitalization ratio of and , respectively. In December 2022, NW Holdings entered into a swap to fix the interest rate on this debt beginning in January 2023 through the loan's maturity. See "Interest Rate Swap Agreements" below for more detail. 
 
 In September 2022, NW Holdings entered into an -month credit agreement for million and borrowed the full amount. The interest rate is based on the SOFR. The loan is due and payable on March 15, 2024. The credit agreement prohibits NW Holdings from permitting consolidated indebtedness to be greater than of total capitalization, each as defined therein and calculated as of the end of each fiscal quarter. Failure to comply with this financial covenant would entitle the lenders to accelerate the maturity of the amounts outstanding under the credit agreement. NW Holdings was in compliance with this financial covenant as of December 31, 2022. In December 2022, NW Holdings entered into a swap to fix the interest rate on this debt beginning in January 2023 through the loan's maturity. See "Interest Rate Swap Agreements" below for more detail. 
 
 In September 2022, NWN Water entered into an -month credit agreement for million and borrowed the full amount. The interest rate is based on the SOFR. The loan is due and payable on March 15, 2024. The credit agreement prohibits NWN Water and NW Holdings from permitting consolidated indebtedness to be greater than of total capitalization, each as defined therein and calculated as of the end of each fiscal quarter. Failure to comply with this financial covenant would entitle the lenders to accelerate the maturity of the amounts outstanding under the credit agreement. NWN Water and NW Holdings were in compliance with this financial covenant as of December 31, 2022. 

109 

1/17/2023 3/15/2024 NWN Water 1/19/2023 6/10/2026 
 
 NW Natural 
 NW Natural's issuance of First Mortgage Bonds (FMBs), which includes NW Natural's medium-term notes, under the Mortgage and Deed of Trust (Mortgage) is limited by eligible property, adjusted net earnings, and other provisions of the Mortgage. The Mortgage constitutes a first mortgage lien on certain gas properties owned from time to time by NW Natural, including substantially all of NW Natural's NGD property. 
 
 In July 2022, NW Natural entered into a Bond Purchase Agreement between NW Natural and the institutional investors named as purchasers therein (the Bond Purchase Agreement). The Bond Purchase Agreement provides for the issuance of million aggregate principal amount of NW Natural's FMBs due in 2052 (the Bonds). The Bonds were issued on September 30, 2022. The Bonds bear interest at the rate of per annum, payable semi-annually on March 30 and September 30 of each year, commencing March 30, 2023, and will mature on September 30, 2052. The Bonds are subject to redemption prior to maturity at the option of NW Natural, in whole or in part, (i) at any time prior to March 30, 2052, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount thereof plus a make-whole premium and accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of redemption, and (ii) at any time on and after March 30, 2052, at of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of redemption. 
 
 Maturities and Outstanding Long-Term Debt 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 110 

Series due 2023 
 Series due 2023 
 Series due 2025 
 Series due 2025 
 Series due 2026 
 Series due 2026 
 Series due 2027 
 Series due 2027 
 Series due 2027 
 Series due 2028 
 Series due 2029 
 Series due 2030 
 Series due 2030 
 Series due 2032 
 Series due 2033 
 Series due 2035 
 Series due 2042 
 Series due 2046 
 Series due 2047 
 Series due 2048 
 Series due 2049 
 Series due 2050 
 Series due 2051 
 Series due 2052 
 Long-term debt, gross Less: current maturities Total long-term debt 
 
 Fair Value of Long-Term Debt 
 NW Holdings' and NW Natural's outstanding debt does not trade in active markets. The fair value of debt is estimated using the value of outstanding debt at natural gas distribution companies with similar credit ratings, terms, and remaining maturities to NW Holdings' and NW Natural's debt that actively trade in public markets. Substantially all outstanding debt at NW Holdings is comprised of NW Natural debt. These valuations are based on Level 2 inputs as defined in the fair value hierarchy. See Note 2. 
 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Carrying amount Estimated fair value (1) 
 NW Holdings: Gross long-term debt Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Carrying amount Estimated fair value (1) 
 (1) Estimated fair value does not include unamortized debt issuance costs. 
 
 111 

10. PENSION AND OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFIT COSTS 
 
 NW Natural maintains a qualified non-contributory defined benefit pension plan (Pension Plan) for all eligible employees, non-qualified supplemental pension plans for eligible executive officers and other key employees, and other postretirement employee benefit plans. NW Natural also has a qualified defined contribution plan (Retirement K Savings Plan) for all eligible employees. The Pension Plan and Retirement K Savings Plan have plan assets, which are held in qualified trusts to fund retirement benefits. 
 
 Effective January 1, 2007 and 2010, the Pension Plan and postretirement benefits for non-union employees and union employees, respectively, were closed to new participants. Non-union and union employees hired or re-hired after December 31, 2006 and 2009, respectively, and employees of NW Natural subsidiaries are provided an enhanced Retirement K Savings Plan benefit. 
 
 Service cost Interest cost Net actuarial gain ) ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Obligation at December 31 Reconciliation of change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at January 1 Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets at December 31 Funded status at December 31 ) ) ) ) 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the net liability (benefit obligations less market value of plan assets) for the Pension Plan decreased million compared to 2021. The decrease in the net pension liability is primarily due to the million decrease in plan assets and the million decrease to the pension benefit obligation. The liability for non-qualified plans decreased million, and the liability for other postretirement benefits decreased million in 2022. 
 
 NW Natural's Pension Plan had a projected benefit obligation of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and fair values of plan assets of million and million, respectively. The plan had an accumulated benefit obligation of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of: Prior service credit Actuarial loss ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Total ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 

112 

) Net actuarial loss (gain) ) Total ) ) Amounts reclassified to AOCL Amounts reclassified from AOCL: Amortization of actuarial losses Total reclassifications before tax Tax benefit ) ) Total reclassifications for the period Ending balance ) ) 
 
 In 2023, NW Natural will not amortize any estimated costs from regulatory assets to net periodic benefit costs. 
 
 The assumed discount rates for NW Natural's Pension Plan and other postretirement benefit plans were determined independently based on the FTSE Above Median Curve (discount rate curve), which uses high quality corporate bonds rated AA- or higher by S P or Aa3 or higher by Moody s. The discount rate curve was applied to match the estimated cash flows in each of the plans to reflect the timing and amount of expected future benefit payments for these plans. 
 
 The assumed expected long-term rate of return on plan assets for the Pension Plan was developed using a weighted-average of the expected returns for the target asset portfolio. In developing the expected long-term rate of return assumption, consideration was given to the historical performance of each asset class in which the plan s assets are invested and the target asset allocation for plan assets. 
 
 The investment strategy and policies for Pension Plan assets held in the retirement trust fund were approved by the NW Natural Retirement Committee, which is composed of senior management with the assistance of an outside investment consultant. The policies set forth the guidelines and objectives governing the investment of plan assets. Plan assets are invested for total return with appropriate consideration for liquidity, portfolio risk, and return expectations. All investments are expected to satisfy the prudent investments rule under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. The approved asset classes may include cash and short-term investments, fixed income, common stock and convertible securities, absolute and real return strategies, and real estate. Plan assets may be invested in separately managed accounts or in commingled or mutual funds. Investment re-balancing takes place periodically as needed, or when significant cash flows occur, in order to maintain the allocation of assets within the stated target ranges. The retirement trust fund for the Pension Plan is not currently invested in NW Holdings or NW Natural securities. 
 
 U.S. large cap equity Non-U.S. equity Absolute return strategies U.S. small/mid cap equity Real estate funds High yield bonds Emerging markets equity Emerging market debt 
 
 113 

Non-qualified supplemental defined benefit plan obligations were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These plans are not subject to regulatory deferral, and the changes in actuarial gains and losses, prior service costs, and transition assets or obligations are recognized in AOCL, net of tax until they are amortized as a component of net periodic benefit cost. These are unfunded, non-qualified plans with plan assets; however, a significant portion of the obligations is indirectly funded with company and trust-owned life insurance and other assets. 
 
 Other postretirement benefit plans are unfunded plans but are subject to regulatory deferral. The actuarial gains and losses, prior service costs, and transition assets or obligations for these plans are recognized as a regulatory asset. 
 
 Net periodic benefit costs consist of service costs, interest costs, the expected returns on plan assets, and the amortization of gains and losses and prior service costs. The gains and losses are the sum of the actuarial and asset gains and losses throughout the year and are amortized over the average remaining service period of active participants. The asset gains and losses are based in part on a market-related valuation of assets. The market-related valuation reflects differences between expected returns and actual investment returns with the differences recognized over a two-year period from the year in which they occur, thereby reducing year-to-year net periodic benefit cost volatility. 
 
 The service cost component of net periodic benefit cost for NW Natural pension and other postretirement benefit plans is recognized in operations and maintenance expense in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The other non-service cost components are recognized in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of prior service credit ) ) ) Amortization of net actuarial loss Net periodic benefit cost Amount allocated to construction ) ) ) ) ) ) Net periodic benefit cost charged to expense Amortization of regulatory balancing account Net amount charged to expense 
 
 Net periodic benefit costs are reduced by amounts capitalized to NGD plant. In addition, a certain amount of net periodic benefit costs were recorded to the regulatory balancing account, representing net periodic pension expense for the Pension Plan above the amount set in rates, as approved by the OPUC, from 2011 through October 31, 2018. Total amortization of the regulatory balancing account of million was recognized in each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, of which million was charged to operations and maintenance expense and million was charged to other income (expense). 
 
 Rate of increase in compensation n/a n/a n/a Expected long-term rate of return n/a n/a n/a Assumptions for year-end funded status: Weighted-average discount rate Rate of increase in compensation (1) 
 - 
 - 
 n/a n/a n/a Expected long-term rate of return n/a n/a n/a 
 (1) Rate assumption ranges from to in 2023, to in 2024 and thereafter. 
 
 The assumed annual increase in health care cost trend rates used in measuring other postretirement benefits as of December 31, 2022 was . These trend rates apply to both medical and prescription drugs. Medical costs and prescription drugs are assumed to decrease gradually each year to a rate of by . 
 
 114 

Assumed health care cost trend rates can have a significant effect on the amounts reported for the health care plans; however, other postretirement benefit plans have a cap on the amount of costs reimbursable by NW Natural. 
 Mortality assumptions are reviewed annually and are updated for material changes as necessary. In 2022, mortality rate assumptions remained consistent with 2021, using Pri-2012 mortality tables using scale MP-2021. 
 
 2022 2023 (estimated) Benefit Payments: 2020 2021 2022 Estimated Future Benefit Payments: 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 
 Employer Contributions to Company-Sponsored Defined Benefit Pension Plan 
 NW Natural makes contributions to its Pension Plan based on actuarial assumptions and estimates, tax regulations, and funding requirements under federal law. The Pension Plan was underfunded by million at December 31, 2022. NW Natural made no cash contributions to its Pension Plan for 2022. The American Rescue Plan, which was signed into law on March 11, 2021, includes a provision for pension relief that extends the amortization period for required contributions from 7 to 15 years and provides for the stabilization of interest rates used to calculate future required contributions. As a result, NW Natural does not expect to make any plan contributions during 2023. 
 
 Multiemployer Pension Plan 
 In addition to the NW Natural-sponsored Pension Plan presented above, prior to 2014 NW Natural contributed to a multiemployer pension plan for its NGD union employees known as the Western States Office and Professional Employees International Union Pension Fund (Western States Plan). That plan's employer identification number is 94-6076144. Effective December 22, 2013, NW Natural withdrew from the plan, which was a noncash transaction. Vested participants will receive all benefits accrued through the date of withdrawal. As the plan was underfunded at the time of withdrawal, NW Natural was assessed a withdrawal liability of million, plus interest, which requires NW Natural to pay million each year to the plan for years beginning in July 2014. The cost of the withdrawal liability was deferred to a regulatory account on the balance sheet. 
 
 Payments were million for 2022, and as of December 31, 2022, the liability balance was million. For 2021 and 2020, contributions to the plan were million and million, respectively, which was approximately to of the total contributions to the plan by all employer participants in those years. 
 
 Defined Contribution Plan 
 NW Natural's Retirement K Savings Plan is a qualified defined contribution plan under Internal Revenue Code Sections 401(a) and 401(k). NW Natural contributions totaled million, million, and million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Deferred Compensation Plans 
 NW Natural's supplemental deferred compensation plans for eligible officers and senior managers are non-qualified plans. These plans are designed to enhance the retirement savings of employees and to assist them in strengthening their financial security by providing an incentive to save and invest regularly. 
 
 Fair Value 
 Below is a description of the valuation methodologies used for assets measured at fair value. In cases where NW Natural's Pension Plan is invested through a collective trust fund or mutual fund, the fund's market value is utilized. Market values for investments directly owned are also utilized. 
 
 115 

U.S. EQUITY. These are non-published net asset value (NAV) assets. The non-published NAV assets consist of commingled trusts where NAV is not published but the investment can be readily disposed of at NAV or market value. The underlying investments in this asset class includes investments primarily in U.S. common stocks. 
 
 INTERNATIONAL/GLOBAL EQUITY. These are Level 1 and non-published NAV assets. The Level 1 asset is a mutual fund, and the non-published NAV assets consist of commingled trusts where the NAV/unit price is not published, but the investment can be readily disposed of at the NAV/unit price. The mutual funds has a readily determinable fair value, including a published NAV, and the commingled trusts are valued at unit price. This asset class includes investments primarily in foreign equity common stocks. 
 
 LIABILITY HEDGING. These are non-published NAV assets. The non-published NAV assets consist of commingled trusts where NAV is not published but the investment can be readily disposed of at NAV or market value. The underlying investments in this asset class include long duration fixed income investments primarily in U.S. treasuries, U.S. government agencies, municipal securities, mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities, as well as U.S. and international investment-grade corporate bonds. 
 
 OPPORTUNISTIC. These are non-published NAV assets. The non-published NAV assets consist of commingled trusts where NAV is not published but the investment can be readily disposed of at NAV or market value. The underlying investments in this asset class include real estate investment trust equities, high yield bonds, floating rate debt, emerging market debt and a commodity index pool. 
 
 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS. These are Level 1 and non-published NAV assets. The Level 1 assets consist of cash in U.S. dollars, which can be readily disposed of at face value. The non-published NAV assets represent mutual funds without published NAV's but the investment can be readily disposed of at the NAV. The mutual funds are valued at the NAV of the shares held by the plan at the valuation date. 
 
 The preceding valuation methods may produce a fair value calculation that is not indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Although we believe these valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain investments could result in a different fair value measurement at the reporting date. 
 
 Investment securities are exposed to various financial risks including interest rate, market, and credit risks. Due to the level of risk associated with certain investment securities, it is reasonably possible that changes in the values of NW Natural's investment securities will occur in the near term and such changes could materially affect NW Natural's investment account balances and the amounts reported as plan assets available for benefit payments. 
 116 

International / Global equity Liability hedging Opportunistic Cash and cash equivalents Total investments December 31, 2021 Investments Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Non-Published NAV (1) 
 Total US equity International / Global equity Liability hedging Opportunistic Cash and cash equivalents Total investments December 31, 2022 2021 Receivables: Accrued interest and dividend income Total receivables Liabilities: Due to broker for securities purchased ) Total investment in retirement trust 
 (1) The fair value for these investments is determined using Net Asset Value per share (NAV) as of December 31, as a practical expedient, and therefore they are not classified within the fair value hierarchy. These investments primarily consist of institutional investment products, for which the NAV is generally not publicly available. 
 
 11. 
 
 Increase (decrease): State income tax, net of federal Differences required to be flowed-through by regulatory commissions ) ) ) ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) ) ) ) Total provision for income taxes Effective tax rate 
 
 The NW Holdings and NW Natural effective income tax rates for 2022 compared to 2021 changed primarily due to lower income tax amortization in 2022 of the 2020 Oregon Corporate Activity Tax (CAT), which was subject to regulatory deferral when it became effective on January 1, 2020 and then amortized in income tax expense as recovery began in late 2020, 2021, and 2022. 
 
 The NW Holdings and NW Natural effective income tax rates for 2021 compared to 2020 changed primarily due to Oregon CAT, the majority of which is incurred because of Oregon regulated operations and for which rate recovery began on November 1, 2020. 
 
 117 

State Total current income taxes Deferred Federal State Total deferred income taxes Income tax provision 
 
 Leases receivable Pension and postretirement obligations Income tax regulatory asset Lease right of use assets Other Total deferred income tax liabilities Deferred income tax assets: Income tax regulatory liability Lease liabilities Other intangible assets Net operating losses and credits carried forward Total deferred income tax assets Total net deferred income tax liabilities 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, regulatory income tax assets of million and million, respectively, were recorded by NW Natural, a portion of which is recorded in current assets. These regulatory income tax assets primarily represent future rate recovery of deferred tax liabilities, resulting from differences in NGD plant financial statement and tax bases and NGD plant removal costs, which were previously flowed through for rate making purposes and to take into account the additional future taxes, which will be generated by that recovery. These deferred tax liabilities, and the associated regulatory income tax assets, are currently being recovered through customer rates. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, regulatory income tax assets of million and million, respectively, were recorded by NW Natural, representing future recovery of deferred tax liabilities resulting from the equity portion of AFUDC. At December 31, 2021, a regulatory income tax asset of million was recorded by NW Natural, representing future recovery of Oregon CAT that was deferred between January 1, 2020 and October 31,2020. In October 2020, the OPUC issued an order providing for recovery of deferred Oregon CAT as well as CAT incurred prospectively beginning November 1, 2020. This asset was fully recovered as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, deferred tax assets of million and million, respectively, were recorded by NW Natural representing the future income tax benefit associated with the excess deferred income tax regulatory liability recorded as a result of the lower federal corporate income tax rate provided for by the TCJA. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, regulatory liability balances representing the benefit of the change in deferred taxes as a result of the TCJA of million and million, respectively, were recorded by NW Natural. 
 
 NW Holdings and NW Natural assess the available positive and negative evidence to estimate if sufficient taxable income will be generated to utilize their respective existing deferred tax assets. Based upon this assessment, NW Holdings and NW Natural determined that it is more likely than not that all of their respective deferred tax assets recorded as of December 31, 2022 will be realized. 
 
 The Company estimates it has net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards of million for federal taxes and million for state taxes at December 31, 2022. The federal NOLs do not expire and we anticipate fully utilizing the state NOL carryforward 
 118 

thousand are also available. The AMT credits do not expire. 
 
 Uncertain tax positions are accounted for in accordance with accounting standards that require an assessment of the anticipated settlement outcome of material uncertain tax positions taken in a prior year, or planned to be taken in the current year. Until such positions are sustained, the uncertain tax benefits resulting from such positions would not be recognized. reserves for uncertain tax positions were recorded as of December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. 
 
 The federal income tax returns for tax years 2018 and earlier are closed by statute. The IRS Compliance Assurance Process (CAP) examination of the 2019 and 2020 tax years have been completed. There were no material changes to these returns as filed. The 2021 and 2022 tax years are currently under IRS CAP examination. The 2023 CAP application has been filed. Under the CAP program, NW Holdings and NW Natural work with the IRS to identify and resolve material tax matters before the tax return is filed each year. 
 As of December 31, 2022, income tax years 2018 through 2021 remain open for examination by the State of California. Income tax years 2019 through 2021 are open for examination by the States of Oregon, Idaho, and Texas. 
 
 12. 
 
 NGD construction work in progress Less: Accumulated depreciation NGD plant, net Other plant in service Other construction work in progress Less: Accumulated depreciation Other plant, net Total property, plant, and equipment Other (NW Holdings): Other plant in service Other construction work in progress Less: Accumulated depreciation Other plant, net NW Holdings: Total property, plant, and equipment NW Natural: Capital expenditures in accrued liabilities NW Holdings: Capital expenditures in accrued liabilities 
 
 Accumulated depreciation does not include the accumulated provision for asset removal costs of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These accrued asset removal costs are reflected on the balance sheet as regulatory liabilities. See Note 2. 
 
 NW Holdings 
 Other plant balances include long-lived assets associated with water and wastewater operations and non-regulated activities not held by NW Natural or its subsidiaries. 
 
 NW Natural 
 Other plant balances include non-utility gas storage assets at the Mist facility and other long-lived assets not related to NGD. 
 119 

in 2022, 2021, and 2020. The weighted average depreciation rate for assets not related to NGD was in 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 13. INVESTMENTS 
 
 Investments include gas reserves, financial investments in life insurance policies, and equity method investments. 
 Investments in gas reserves, non-current Investments in unconsolidated affiliates Total other investments 
 
 Investment in Life Insurance Policies 
 NW Natural has invested in key person life insurance contracts to provide an indirect funding vehicle for certain long-term employee and director benefit plan liabilities. The amount in the above table is reported at cash surrender value, net of policy loans. 
 
 NW Natural Gas Reserves 
 NW Natural has invested million through the gas reserves program in the Jonah Field located in Wyoming as of December 31, 2022. Gas reserves are stated at cost, net of regulatory amortization, with the associated deferred tax benefits of million and million, which are recorded as liabilities in the December 31, 2022 and 2021 consolidated balance sheets, respectively. NW Natural's investment is included in NW Holdings' and NW Natural's consolidated balance sheets under other current assets and other investments (non-current portion) with the maximum loss exposure limited to the investment balance. The amount of gas reserves included in other current assets was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The investment in gas reserves provides long-term price protection and acted to hedge the cost of gas for approximately and of NGD gas supplies for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates 
 In December 2021, NW Natural Water purchased a ownership stake in Avion Water Company, Inc. (Avion Water), an investor-owned water utility for million. In July 2022, NW Natural Water increased its ownership stake in Avion Water to for an additional million. Avion Water operates in Bend, Oregon and the surrounding communities, serving approximately customer connections and employing people. The carrying value of the equity method investment is million higher than the underlying equity in the net assets of the investee at December 31, 2022 due to equity method goodwill. Equity in earnings (loss) of Avion Water is included in other income (expense), net. 
 
 On August 6, 2020, NWN Energy completed the sale of of its interest in Trail West Holdings, LLC (TWH) to an unrelated third party for a purchase price of million, million of which was paid upon closing the transaction, and million of which was paid upon the one-year anniversary of the close date. The completion of the sale resulted in an after-tax gain of approximately million for the year ended December 31, 2020. TWH was a variable interest entity reported under equity method accounting through its sale. The investment in TWH did not meet the criteria to be classified as held for sale or discontinued operations. 
 In 2020, NW Natural began a partnership with BioCarbN to invest in up to separate RNG development projects that are designed to access biogas derived from water treatment at Tyson Foods processing plants, subject to approval by all parties. During the construction phase of the projects, NW Natural determined it is the primary beneficiary and fully consolidates each entity. 
 
 In 2022, commissioning of the first project, Lexington Renewable Energy LLC (Lexington), was completed and NW Natural determined it was no longer the primary beneficiary and deconsolidated the variable interest entity and recorded the investment in Lexington as an equity method investment. NW Natural accounts for its interest in Lexington using the equity method of accounting because NW Natural does not control but has the ability to exercise significant influence over Lexington's operations after commissioning. There was gain or loss recognized upon deconsolidation. NW Natural determined the fair value of the investment approximated the carrying value which was primarily comprised of cash and property, plant and equipment. As of December 31, 2022, NW Natural had an investment balance in Lexington of million. Equity in earnings (loss) of Lexington is included in cost of gas. 

120 

14. 
 
 connections in Yuma, Arizona. The acquisition-date fair value of the total consideration transferred, after closing adjustments, was approximately million, of which million was cash consideration transferred at closing, million was contingent consideration, and million was deferred consideration. 
 
 The contingent consideration is an earnout payment in an amount equal to the product of (i) the amount, if any, by which the average annual System Operating Revenue for the 2026, 2027, and 2028 years exceeds million (ii) multiplied by but shall not exceed million. As of the acquisition date, the contingent consideration had a fair value of million and was included in other non-current liabilities. The fair value as of the acquisition date was determined using a scenario-based technique using management's best estimate of forecast revenue for the years 2026, 2027, and 2028 discounted to present value. The inputs to determine the fair value of the contingent consideration include estimated future revenue and a risk-adjusted discount rate. The fair value measurement is based on significant inputs that are not observable in the market and thus represents a fair value measurement categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy per ASC Topic 820. 
 
 The Far West acquisition met the criteria of a business combination, and as such a preliminary allocation of the consideration to the acquired net assets based on their estimated fair value as of the acquisition date was performed. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, the fair value determination involves management judgment in determining the significant estimates and assumptions used and was made using existing regulatory conditions for net assets associated with Far West. This allocation is considered preliminary as of December 31, 2022, as facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date may be discovered as we continue to integrate Far West. As a result, subsequent adjustments to the preliminary valuation of tangible assets, contract assets and liabilities, tax positions, and goodwill may be required. Subsequent adjustments are not expected to be significant, and any such adjustments are expected to be completed within the one-year measurement period. The acquisition costs were expensed as incurred. 
 
 Preliminary goodwill of million was recognized from this acquisition. The goodwill recognized is attributable to Far West's regulated water utility service territory, experienced workforce, and the strategic benefits for both the water utility and wastewater services expected from growth in its service territory. No intangible assets aside from goodwill were recognized. The amount of goodwill that is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes is approximately million 
 
 The preliminary purchase price for the acquisition has been allocated to the net assets acquired as of the acquisition date and is as follows: 
 
 In thousands December 31, 2022 Current assets Property, plant and equipment Goodwill Non-current assets Current liabilities ) Non-current liabilities ) Total net assets acquired 
 
 The amount of Far West revenues included in NW Holdings' consolidated statements of comprehensive income is million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Earnings from Far West activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 were not material to the results of NW Holdings. Far West is referred to as Foothills Utilities following the closure of the acquisition. 
 
 Other 2022 Business Combinations 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, NWN Water and its subsidiaries acquired the assets of additional businesses qualifying as business combinations. The aggregate fair value of the preliminary consideration transferred for these acquisitions was million, most of which was preliminarily allocated to property, plant and equipment and goodwill. These transactions align with NW Holdings' water and wastewater sector strategy as it continues to expand its water and wastewater service territories and included: 
 Belle Oaks Water and Sewer Co., Inc in Texas 
 Northwest Water Services, LLC in Washington 
 Aquarius Utilities, LLC in Washington 
 Valiant Idaho, LLC (The Idaho Club - Sewer) in Idaho 
 Caney Creek in Texas 
 Water Necessities, Inc. and Rural Water Co. in Texas 
 121 

acquisitions qualifying as business combinations. The aggregate fair value of the consideration transferred for these acquisitions were not material and are not significant to NW Holdings' results of operations. 
 
 2020 Business Combinations 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, NWN Water and its subsidiaries completed significant acquisitions qualifying as business combinations. The aggregate fair value of the total cash consideration transferred for these acquisitions was million, most of which was allocated to property, plant and equipment and goodwill. These transactions align with NW Holdings' water sector strategy as it continues to expand its water services territories in the Pacific Northwest and beyond and included: 
 Suncadia Water Company, LLC and Suncadia Environmental Company, LLC which were acquired by NWN Water of Washington on January 31, 2020, and 
 T W Water Service Company which was acquired by NWN Water of Texas on March 2, 2020. T W Water Service Company is referred to as Blue Topaz Utilities following the closure of the acquisition. 
 
 Other 2020 Business Combinations 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, NWN Water completed additional acquisitions, comprised of four water systems and one wastewater system, which qualified as business combinations. The aggregate fair value of the consideration transferred for these acquisitions was approximately million. These business combinations were not significant to NW Holdings' results of operations. 
 
 Goodwill 
 NW Holdings allocates goodwill to reporting units based on the expected benefit from the business combination. We perform an annual impairment assessment of goodwill at the reporting unit level, or more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that goodwill might be impaired. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying value of a reporting unit s goodwill exceeds its fair value. 
 
 As a result of all acquisitions completed, total goodwill was million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. The increase in the goodwill balance was primarily due to additions associated with our acquisitions in the water and wastewater sector. All of our goodwill is related to water and wastewater acquisitions and is included in the other category for segment reporting purposes. The annual impairment assessment of goodwill occurs in the fourth quarter of each year. There have been impairments recognized to date. 
 
 15. 
 
 Physical Foreign exchange 
 122 

and in financial swap and option contracts, and and in physical gas supplies, respectively. Hedge contracts entered into prior to the PGA filing, in September 2022, were included in the PGA for the 2022-23 gas year. Hedge contracts entered into after the PGA filing, and related to subsequent gas years, may be included in future PGA filings and qualify for regulatory deferral. 
 
 Unrealized and Realized Gain/Loss 
 ) ) Operating revenues (expense) ) Amounts deferred to regulatory accounts on balance sheet ) ) Total gain (loss) in pre-tax earnings ) 
 Unrealized Gain/Loss 
 Outstanding derivative instruments related to regulated NGD operations are deferred in accordance with regulatory accounting standards. The cost of foreign currency forward and natural gas derivative contracts are recognized immediately in the cost of gas; however, costs above or below the amount embedded in the current year PGA are subject to a regulatory deferral tariff and therefore, are recorded as a regulatory asset or liability. 
 
 Realized Gain/Loss 
 NW Natural realized net gains of 107.8 million and 50.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, from the settlement of natural gas financial derivative contracts. Realized gains and losses offset the higher or lower cost of gas purchased, resulting in no incremental amounts to collect or refund to customers. 
 
 Credit Risk Management of Financial Derivatives Instruments 
 collateral was posted with or by NW Natural counterparties as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. NW Natural attempts to minimize the potential exposure to collateral calls by diversifying counterparties and using credit limits to manage liquidity risk. Counterparties generally allow a certain credit limit threshold before requiring NW Natural to post collateral against unrealized loss positions. Given NW Natural's credit ratings, counterparty credit limits and portfolio diversification, it was not subject to collateral calls in 2022 or 2021. The collateral call exposure is set forth under credit support agreements, which generally contain credit limits. NW Natural could also be subject to collateral call exposure where it has agreed to provide adequate assurance, which is not specific as to the amount of credit limit allowed, but could potentially require additional collateral posting by NW Natural in the event of a material adverse change. 
 
 NW Natural's financial derivative instruments are subject to master netting arrangements; however, they are presented on a gross basis in the consolidated balance sheets. NW Natural and its counterparties have the ability to set-off obligations to each other under specified circumstances. Such circumstances may include a defaulting party, a credit change due to a merger affecting either party, or any other termination event. 
 
 If netted by counterparty, NW Natural's physical and financial derivative position would result in an asset of million and a liability of million as of December 31, 2022, and an asset of million and a liability of million as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 NW Natural is exposed to derivative credit and liquidity risk primarily through securing fixed price natural gas commodity swaps with financial counterparties. NW Natural utilizes master netting arrangements through International Swaps and Derivatives Association contracts to minimize this risk along with collateral support agreements with counterparties based on their credit ratings. Additionally, NW Natural uses counterparty, industry, sector and country diversification to minimize credit risk. In certain cases, NW Natural may require counterparties to post collateral, guarantees, or letters of credit to maintain its minimum credit requirement standards. 
 
 123 

million and million, respectively, using significant other observable, or Level 2, inputs. No Level 3 inputs were used in our derivative valuations during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 NW Holdings 
 NW Holdings and NWN Water entered into interest rate swap agreements with major financial institutions that effectively convert variable-rate debt to a fixed rate. Interest payments made between the effective date and expiration date are hedged by the swap agreements. The notional amount, effective date, expiration date and rate of the swap agreements are shown in the table below: 
 In millions Notional Amount Effective Date Expiration Date Fixed Rate NW Holdings 1/17/2023 3/15/2024 NWN Water 1/19/2023 6/10/2026 
 
 Unrealized gains and losses related to these interest rate swap agreements are recorded in AOCI on the consolidated balance sheet and totaled thousand, net of tax, as of December 31, 2022. There were no amounts reclassified from AOCI to net income during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 16. 
 
 therms of RNG annually from its portfolio of RNG production facilities for a fixed fee for a period of years. The agreement commenced in 2022, with the full annual quantity beginning in 2025. 
 124 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Less: Amount representing interest Total at present value 
 (1) Gas purchase agreements include environmental attributes of RNG. 
 
 Total fixed charges under capacity purchase agreements were million for 2022, million for 2021, and million for 2020, of which million, million, and million, respectively, related to capacity releases. In addition, per-unit charges are required to be paid based on the actual quantities shipped under the agreements. In certain take-or-pay purchase commitments, annual deficiencies may be offset by prepayments subject to recovery over a longer term if future purchases exceed the minimum annual requirements. 
 
 Leases 
 Refer to Note 7 for a discussion of lease commitments and contingencies. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 Refer to Note 17 for a discussion of environmental commitments and contingencies. 
 
 17. 
 
 of remediation costs allocable to Oregon customers and of costs allocable to Washington customers. 
 
 These sites are subject to the remediation process prescribed by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the Oregon Department of Environmental Quality (ODEQ). The process begins with a remedial investigation (RI) to determine the nature and extent of contamination and then a risk assessment (RA) to establish whether the contamination at the site poses unacceptable risks to humans and the environment. Next, a feasibility study (FS) or an engineering evaluation/cost analysis (EE/CA) evaluates various remedial alternatives. It is at this point in the process when NW Natural is able to estimate a range of remediation costs and record a reasonable potential remediation liability, or make an adjustment to the existing liability. From this study, the regulatory agency selects a remedy and issues a Record of Decision (ROD). After a ROD is issued, NW Natural would seek to negotiate a consent decree or consent judgment for designing and implementing the remedy. NW Natural would have the ability to further refine estimates of remediation liabilities at that time. 
 
 Remediation may include treatment of contaminated media such as sediment, soil and groundwater, removal and disposal of media, institutional controls such as legal restrictions on future property use, or natural recovery. Following construction of the remedy, the EPA and ODEQ also have requirements for ongoing maintenance, monitoring and other post-remediation care that may continue for many years. Where appropriate and reasonably known, NW Natural will provide for these costs in the remediation liabilities described below. 
 
 Due to the numerous uncertainties surrounding the course of environmental remediation and the preliminary nature of several site investigations, in some cases, NW Natural may not be able to reasonably estimate the high end of the range of possible loss. In those cases, the nature of the possible loss has been disclosed, as has the fact that the high end of the range cannot be reasonably estimated where a range of potential loss is available. Unless there is an estimate within the range of possible losses that is more likely than other cost estimates within that range, NW Natural records the liability at the low end of this range. It is likely changes in these estimates and ranges will occur throughout the remediation process for each of these sites due to the continued evaluation and clarification concerning responsibility, the complexity of environmental laws and regulations and the determination by regulators of remediation alternatives. In addition to remediation costs, NW Natural could also be subject to 
 125 

Other Portland Harbor Gasco/Siltronic Upland site Front Street site Oregon Steel Mills Total 28,902 26,985 89,905 88,851 
 
 Portland Harbor Site 
 The Portland Harbor is an EPA listed Superfund site that is approximately 10 miles long on the Willamette River and is adjacent to NW Natural's Gasco uplands site. NW Natural is one of over PRPs, each jointly and severally liable, at the Superfund site. In January 2017, the EPA issued its Record of Decision, which selects the remedy for the clean-up of the Portland Harbor site (Portland Harbor ROD). The Portland Harbor ROD estimates the present value total cost at approximately billion with an accuracy between - and + of actual costs. 
 
 NW Natural's potential liability is a portion of the costs of the remedy for the entire Portland Harbor Superfund site. The cost of that remedy is expected to be allocated among more than one hundred PRPs. NW Natural is participating in a non-binding allocation process with other PRPs in an effort to resolve its potential liability. The Portland Harbor ROD does not provide any additional clarification around allocation of costs among PRPs; accordingly, NW Natural has not modified any of the recorded liabilities at this time as a result of the issuance of the Portland Harbor ROD. 
 
 NW Natural manages its liability related to the Superfund site as distinct remediation projects, the Gasco Sediments Site and Other Portland Harbor projects. 
 
 GASCO SEDIMENTS. In 2009, NW Natural and Siltronic Corporation entered into a separate Administrative Order on Consent with the EPA to evaluate and design specific remedies for sediments adjacent to the Gasco uplands and Siltronic uplands sites. NW Natural submitted a draft EE/CA to the EPA in May 2012 to provide the estimated cost of potential remedial alternatives for this site. In March 2020, NW Natural and the EPA amended the Administrative Order on Consent to include additional remedial design activities downstream of the Gasco sediments site and in the navigation channel. Siltronic Corporation is not a party to the amended order. In the second quarter of 2021, NW Natural began preliminary design discussions with the EPA for the Gasco sediments site. These preliminary design discussions did not include a cost estimate for cleanup. No design alternatives are more likely than the EE/CA alternatives at this time, and NW Natural expects further design discussion and iteration with the EPA. 
 
 The estimated costs for the various sediment remedy alternatives in the draft EE/CA for the additional studies and design work needed before the cleanup can occur, and for regulatory oversight throughout the cleanup range from million to million. NW Natural has recorded a liability of million for the Gasco sediment clean-up, which reflects the low end of the range. At this time, we believe sediments at the Gasco sediments site represent the largest portion of NW Natural's liability related to the Portland Harbor site discussed above. 
 
 OTHER PORTLAND HARBOR. While we believe liabilities associated with the Gasco sediments site represent NW Natural's largest exposure, there are other potential exposures associated with the Portland Harbor ROD, including NRD costs and harborwide remedial design and cleanup costs (including downstream petroleum contamination), for which allocations among the PRPs have not yet been determined. 
 
 NW Natural and other parties have signed a cooperative agreement with the Portland Harbor Natural Resource Trustee council to participate in a phased NRD assessment to estimate liabilities to support an early restoration-based settlement of NRD claims. member of this Trustee council, the Yakama Nation, withdrew from the council in 2009, and in 2017, filed suit against NW Natural and other parties seeking remedial costs and NRD assessment costs associated with the Portland Harbor site, set forth in the complaint. The complaint seeks recovery of alleged costs totaling million in connection with the selection of a remedial action for the Portland Harbor site as well as declaratory judgment for unspecified future remedial action costs and for costs to assess the injury, loss or destruction of natural resources resulting from the release of hazardous substances at and from the Portland Harbor site. The Yakama Nation has filed amended complaints addressing certain pleading defects and 
 126 

million for costs associated with the discovery during construction of World War II-era munitions, design costs, regulatory and permitting issues, and post-construction work. 
 
 OREGON STEEL MILLS SITE. Refer to Legal Proceedings, below. 
 
 Environmental Cost Deferral and Recovery 
 NW Natural has authorizations in Oregon and Washington to defer costs related to remediation of properties that are owned or were previously owned by NW Natural. In Oregon, a Site Remediation and Recovery Mechanism (SRRM) is currently in place to recover prudently incurred costs allocable to Oregon customers, subject to an earnings test. On October 21, 2019 the WUTC authorized an Environmental Cost Recovery Mechanism (ECRM) for recovery of prudently incurred costs allocable to Washington customers beginning November 1, 2019. 
 
 127 

Accrued site liabilities (2) 
 Insurance proceeds and interest ) ) Total regulatory asset deferral (1) 
 Current regulatory assets (3) 
 Long-term regulatory assets (3) 
 
 (1) Includes pre-review and post-review deferred costs, amounts currently in amortization, and interest, net of amounts collected from customers. 
 (2) Excludes of the Front Street site liability as the OPUC only allows recovery of of costs for those sites allocable to Oregon, including those that historically served only Oregon customers. Amounts excluded from regulatory assets were thousand in 2022 and thousand in 2021. 
 (3) Environmental costs relate to specific sites approved for regulatory deferral by the OPUC and WUTC. In Oregon, NW Natural earns a carrying charge on cash amounts paid, whereas amounts accrued but not yet paid do not earn a carrying charge until expended. It also accrues a carrying charge on insurance proceeds for amounts owed to customers. In Washington, neither the cash paid nor insurance proceeds received accrue a carrying charge. Current environmental costs represent remediation costs management expects to collect from customers in the next 12 months. Amounts included in this estimate are still subject to a prudence and earnings test review by the OPUC and do not include the million tariff rider. The amounts allocable to Oregon are recoverable through NGD rates, subject to an earnings test. See " Oregon SRRM " below. 
 
 Oregon SRRM 
 Collections From Oregon Customers 
 Under the SRRM collection process, there are three types of deferred environmental remediation expense: 
 Pre-review - This class of costs represents remediation spend that has not yet been deemed prudent by the OPUC. Carrying costs on these remediation expenses are recorded at NW Natural's authorized cost of capital. NW Natural anticipates the prudence review for annual costs and approval of the earnings test prescribed by the OPUC to occur by the third quarter of the following year. 
 Post-review - This class of costs represents remediation spend that has been deemed prudent and allowed after applying the earnings test, but is not yet included in amortization. NW Natural earns a carrying cost on these amounts at a rate equal to the five-year treasury rate plus 100 basis points. 
 Amortization - This class of costs represents amounts included in current customer rates for collection and is generally calculated as one-fifth of the post-review deferred balance. NW Natural earns a carrying cost equal to the amortization rate determined annually by the OPUC, which approximates a short-term borrowing rate. 
 
 In addition to the collection amount noted above, an order issued by the OPUC provides for the annual collection of million from Oregon customers through a tariff rider. As NW Natural collects amounts from customers, it recognizes these collections as revenue and separately amortizes an equal and offsetting amount of its deferred regulatory asset balance through the environmental remediation operating expense line shown separately in the operating expense section of the income statement. 
 
 NW Natural received total environmental insurance proceeds of approximately million as a result of settlements from litigation that was dismissed in July 2014. Under a 2015 OPUC order which established the SRRM, one-third of the Oregon allocated proceeds were applied to costs deferred through 2012 with the remaining two-thirds applied to costs at a rate of million per year plus interest over the following 20 years. NW Natural accrues interest on the Oregon allocated insurance proceeds in the customer s favor at a rate equal to the five-year treasury rate plus 100 basis points. As of December 31, 2022, NW Natural has applied million of insurance proceeds to prudently incurred remediation costs allocated to Oregon. 
 
 Environmental Earnings Test 
 To the extent NW Natural earns at or below its authorized Return on Equity (ROE) as defined by the SRRM, remediation expenses and interest in excess of the million tariff rider and million insurance proceeds are recoverable through the SRRM. To the extent NW Natural earns more than its authorized ROE in a year, it is required to cover environmental expenses and interest on expenses greater than the million with those earnings that exceed its authorized ROE. 
 
 Washington ECRM 
 Washington Deferral 
 On October 21, 2019, the WUTC issued an order (WUTC Order) establishing the ECRM which allows for recovery of past deferred and future prudently incurred environmental remediation costs allocable to Washington customers through application of insurance proceeds and collections from customers. Environmental remediation expenses relating to sites that previously served both Oregon and Washington customers are allocated between states with Washington customers receiving percent of the costs and insurance proceeds. 

128 

year period ending December 31, 2029. As of December 31, 2022 , approximately million of proceeds have been applied to prudently incurred costs. 
 
 On an annual basis, NW Natural files for a prudence determination and a request to amortize costs to the extent that remediation expenses exceed the insurance amortization. After insurance proceeds are fully amortized, if in a particular year the request to collect deferred amounts exceeds one percent of Washington normalized revenues, then the excess will be collected over with interest. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 NW Holdings is not currently party to any direct claims or litigation, though in the future it may be subject to claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 NW Natural is subject to claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business, including the matters discussed above. Although the final outcome of any of these legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, including the matter relating to the Oregon Steel Mills site referenced below, NW Natural and NW Holdings do not expect that the ultimate disposition of any of these matters will have a material effect on their financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. See also Part II, Item 1, Legal Proceedings". 
 
 Oregon Steel Mills Site 
 In 2004, NW Natural was served with a third-party complaint by the Port of Portland (the Port) in a Multnomah County Circuit Court case, Oregon Steel Mills, Inc. v. The Port of Portland. The Port alleges that in the 1940s and 1950s petroleum wastes generated by NW Natural's predecessor, Portland Gas Coke Company, and 10 other third-party defendants, were disposed of in a waste oil disposal facility operated by the United States or Shaver Transportation Company on property then owned by the Port and now owned by Evraz Oregon Steel Mills. The complaint seeks contribution for unspecified past remedial action costs incurred by the Port regarding the former waste oil disposal facility as well as a declaratory judgment allocating liability for future remedial action costs. No date has been set for trial. In August 2017, the case was stayed pending the outcome of the Portland Harbor allocation process or other mediation. Although the final outcome of this proceeding cannot be predicted with certainty, NW Natural and NW Holdings do not expect the ultimate disposition of this matter will have a material effect on NW Natural's or NW Holdings' financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 
 For additional information regarding other commitments and contingencies, see Note 16. 
 
 18. 
 
 interest in the natural gas storage facility located near Fresno, California known as the Gill Ranch Gas Storage Facility. 
 
 On December 4, 2020, NWN Gas Storage closed the sale of all of the membership interests in Gill Ranch and received payment of the initial cash purchase price of million less the million deposit previously paid. Furthermore, additional payments to NWN Gas Storage may be made subject to a maximum amount of million in the aggregate (subject to a working capital adjustment) based on the economic performance of Gill Ranch for each full gas storage year (April 1 of one year through March 31 of the following year) occurring after the closing and the remaining portion of the 2020-2021 gas storage year and will continue until such time as the maximum amount has been paid. The fair value of this arrangement at the closing date was based on a discounted cash flow forecast. Subsequent changes in the fair value will be recorded in earnings. The completion of the sale resulted in an after-tax gain of million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 129 

Expenses Operations and maintenance General taxes Depreciation Other expenses and interest Total expenses Income from discontinued operations Gain on sale of discontinued operations Income from discontinued operations before income tax Income tax expense (1) 
 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax (1) Includes income tax expense of million related to the sale of Gill Ranch for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

As a result of the disposition of the membership interests of Gill Ranch, there were assets or liabilities classified as held for sale at December 31, 2020. 

19. 
 
 million aggregate principal amount of its FMBs, Series due January 6, 2053 (the Bonds), to certain institutional investors pursuant to a Bond Purchase Agreement dated December 13, 2022. The Bonds bear interest at the rate of per annum, payable semi-annually on January 6 and July 6 of each year, commencing July 6, 2023, and will mature on January 6, 2053. The Bonds will be subject to redemption prior to maturity at the option of NW Natural, in whole or in part, (i) at any time prior to July 6, 2052, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount thereof plus a make-whole premium and accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of redemption, and (ii) at any time on and after July 6, 2052, at of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of redemption. 
 
 The Bond Purchase Agreement also provides for the issuance of million aggregate principal amount of NW Natural s FMBs, Series due 2034 Bonds) and million aggregate principal amount of NW Natural s FMBs, Series due 2038 Bonds). The Bonds and the Bonds are expected to be issued on or about August 4, 2023. 
 130 

Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) Earnings from investment in subsidiaries, net of tax Other income (expense), net ) Interest expense, net Income before income taxes Income tax benefit ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) from subsidiaries, net of tax ) Unrealized gain on interest rate swap, net of tax Comprehensive income 
 
 See Notes to Condensed Financial Statements 
 131 

Receivables from affiliates Other current assets Total current assets Non-current assets: Investments in subsidiaries Other investments Deferred tax assets Other non-current assets Total non-current assets Total assets Liabilities and equity: Current liabilities: Short-term debt Accounts payable Payables to affiliates Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See Notes to Condensed Financial Statements 
 
 132 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash used in operations: Equity in earnings of subsidiaries, net of tax ) ) ) Cash dividends received from subsidiaries Deferred income taxes ) ) Other Changes in assets and liabilities: Receivables from affiliates ) ) Income and other taxes ) Accounts payable ) Interest accrued Other, net ) ) ) Cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Contributions to subsidiaries ) ) ) Return of capital from subsidiaries Cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities: Proceeds from common stock issued, net Long-term debt issued Changes in other short-term debt, net ) Cash dividend payments on common stock ) ) ) Other Cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 
 
 See Notes to Condensed Financial Statements 
 
 133 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION 
 
 NW Holdings is an energy services holding company that conducts substantially all of its business operations through its subsidiaries, particularly NW Natural. These condensed financial statements and related footnotes have been prepared in accordance with Rule 12-04, Schedule I of Regulation S-X. These financial statements, in which NW Holdings' subsidiaries have been included using the equity method, should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto of NW Holdings included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Equity earnings of subsidiaries including earnings from NW Natural were million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. 
 
 There were million , million and million of cash dividends paid to NW Holdings from wholly-owned subsidiaries for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) from Subsidiaries Correction 
 During 2021, NW Holdings identified that activities related to other comprehensive income (loss) from subsidiaries had been excluded from the condensed statements of comprehensive income and condensed balance sheets. NW Holdings corrected the previously presented condensed balance sheet for the year ended December 31, 2020, and in doing so, decreased total equity by million with a corresponding decrease in investment in subsidiaries. In addition, the condensed statement of comprehensive income for the year ended December 31, 2020 was corrected to include other comprehensive loss of million. NW Holdings has evaluated the effect of the misstatement, both qualitatively and quantitatively, and concluded that it did not have a material impact on, nor require amendment of, any previously filed condensed financial statements. 
 
 2. DEBT 
 
 For information concerning NW Holdings' debt obligations, see Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this report. 
 
 134 

2021 Reserves deducted in balance sheet from assets to which they apply: Allowance for uncollectible accounts ) 2020 Reserves deducted in balance sheet from assets to which they apply: Allowance for uncollectible accounts 

2021 Reserves deducted in balance sheet from assets to which they apply: Allowance for uncollectible accounts ) 2020 Reserves deducted in balance sheet from assets to which they apply: Allowance for uncollectible accounts 

135 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 NW Holdings and NW Natural management, under the supervision and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, completed an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)). Based upon this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of each registrant have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by each such registrant and included in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management of each registrant, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 (b) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 NW Holdings and NW Natural management are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in the Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). 
 
 In September 2022, we implemented a new enterprise resource planning system to replace our legacy system. The implementation was designed to increase the automation of internal controls in areas of purchasing and payables, asset management, financial reporting and consolidation and to improve access security. In connection with this implementation, we performed pre-implementation planning, design and testing of internal controls that became effective in the third quarter of 2022. Management has and will continue to evaluate and monitor NW Holdings and NW Natural s internal controls over financial reporting to verify such controls remain effective as processes and procedures in each of the affected areas continue to evolve. 
 
 There were no other changes in NW Holdings' or NW Natural's internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting for NW Holdings and NW Natural. The statements contained in Exhibit 31.1, Exhibit 31.2, Exhibit 31.3, and Exhibit 31.4 should be considered in light of, and read together with, the information set forth in this Item 9(a). 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 On February 23, 2023, the Board of Directors of NW Natural approved Amended and Restated Change in Control Severance Agreements (Amended Agreements) with each of David H. Anderson, NW Natural s Chief Executive Office, Frank H. Burkhartsmeyer, NW Natural s Chief Financial Officer, and each of NW Natural s other named executive officers, which amend and restate the existing Change of Control Agreements (Existing Agreements) with each of those officers. The Amended Agreements, like the Existing Agreements are double-trigger and become payable only upon the occurrence of a Change of Control and either (i) the officer s employment is terminated without Cause or for Disability after the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change of Control and no later than twenty-four (24) months after the Change of Control; or (ii) the officer delivers a notice of termination for Good Reason after the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change of Control and no later than twenty-four (24) months after the Change of Control. The Amended Agreements amend the Existing Agreements in the following ways: 
 
 utilizes the target payment under the Executive Annual Incentive Compensation Plan, rather than the average of the last three years bonus in calculating the severance payment; 
 adjusted health and welfare benefits from 24 months to 30 months for Mr. Anderson to align with the time period of his severance payment; 
 adjusts vacation provision language to reflect that NW Natural no longer cashes out vacation; 
 clarifies that a Change in Control will not be triggered with the aggregation of above 20 of Voting Securities, provided the acquirer of such Voting Securities has filed a Schedule 13G indicating that the Voting Securities are not acquired and are not held for the purpose of or with the effect of changing management or policies; 
 contains other clarifying provisions. 
 
 The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by the full forms of agreement, which are filed as Exhibits 10o and 10p to this Form 10-K. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Amended Agreements. 
 
 On February 22, 2023, the Organization and Executive Compensation Committees of the Boards of Directors of NW Holding and NW Natural (OECC) approved amendments to the February 2021 and February 2022 Performance Share Long Term Incentive 
 136 

Agreements (LTIP Agreements) with the same officers such that, if the officers become entitled to receive severance benefits as described above in connection with the Amended Agreements, the shares of Common Stock subject to the LTIP Agreements will fully vest based on target performance. The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by the full form of amendment, which is filed as Exhibit 10w to this Form 10-K. 
 
 On February 23, 2023, the Board of Directors of NW Holdings and NW Natural approved amendments to the Executive Annual Incentive Plan (EAIP) to provide that if an officer becomes entitled to receive change of control severance benefits as described above in connection with the Amended Agreements, he or she will receive a pro-rated award under the EAIP based on days worked during the year relative to target performance. The amendment also provides that if there is a change of control and the participant remains employed through the end of the performance period, he or she will receive payment at target. The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by the full form of the amended EAIP, which is filed as Exhibit 10m to this Form 10-K. 
 
 On February 22, 2023, the OECCs granted performance share awards to the each of the same officers. The form of Performance Share Long Term Incentive Agreement pursuant to which the awards were made is substantially the same as the form used for the February 2022 awards, except that they provide for double-trigger vesting at target as described above with respect to the amendments to the LTIP Agreements. The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by the full form of award agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10x to this Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The "Information Concerning Nominees and Continuing Directors" and "Corporate Governance" contained in NW Holdings' definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 137 

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Name Age at Dec. 31, 2022 Positions held during last five years (1) 
 David H. Anderson 61 President and Chief Executive Officer (2) (2016- ); Chief Operating Officer and President (2015-2016); Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer (2014-2015); Executive Vice President Operations and Regulation (2013-2014); Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2004-2013). 
 Frank H. Burkhartsmeyer 58 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2) (2017- ); President and Chief Executive Officer of Renewables, Avangrid Renewables (2015-2017); Senior Vice President of Finance, Iberdrola Renewables Holdings, Inc. (2012-2015). 
 James R. Downing 53 Vice President and Chief Information Officer (2017- ); Chief Information Officer, WorleyParsons (America's Division) (2016-2017); Executive Service Delivery Manager for SAP, British Petroleum (2011-2015). Shawn M. Filippi 50 Vice President, Chief Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary (2) (2016- ); Vice President and Corporate Secretary (2015-2016); Senior Legal Counsel (2011-2014); Assistant Corporate Secretary (2010-2014). 
 Kimberly Heiting Rush 53 Senior Vice President, Operations and Chief Marketing Officer (2018- ); Senior Vice President, Communications and Chief Marketing Officer (2018); Vice President, Communications and Chief Marketing Officer (2015-2018); Chief Marketing and Communications Officer (2013-2014); Chief Corporate Communications Officer (2011-2013). Jon G. Huddleston 60 Vice President, Engineering and Utility Operations (2018- ); Senior Director, Utility Operations (2014-2018); Director, Utility Operations (2013-2014); Process Director (2007-2013). Zachary D. Kravitz 39 Vice President, Rates and Regulatory (2022- ); Senior Director, Rates and Regulatory (2021-2022); Director, Rates and Regulatory (2018-2021); Regulatory Attorney (2014-2018). Justin B. Palfreyman 44 President, NW Natural RNG Holding Company, LLC (2021- ); Vice President, Strategy and Business Development (2017- ); President, NW Natural Water (2018- ); Vice President, Business Development (2016-2017); Director, Power, Energy and Infrastructure Group, Lazard, Freres Co. (2009-2016). Melinda B. Rogers 57 Vice President, Chief Human Resources and Diversity Officer (2018- ); Senior Director of Human Resources (2018); Senior Manager, Organizational Effectiveness and Talent Acquisition (2015-2017); Senior Associate, Point B (2014-2015); Director, Executive Development Center, Willamette University (2011-2014). MardiLyn Saathoff 66 Senior Vice President, Regulation and General Counsel (2) (2016- ); Senior Vice President and General Counsel (2015-2016); Vice President, Legal, Risk and Compliance (2013-2014); Deputy General Counsel (2010-2013); Chief Governance Officer and Corporate Secretary (2008-2014). 
 David A. Weber 63 Vice President, Gas Supply and Utility Support Services (2019- ); President and Chief Executive Officer, NW Natural Gas Storage, LLC (2011- ); President, KB Pipeline Company (2018- ); President and Chief Executive Officer, Gill Ranch Storage, LLC (2011-2020). Kathryn M. Williams 47 Vice President, Public Affairs and Sustainability (2020- ); Vice President, Public Affairs (2019-2020); Government and Community Affairs Director (2018-2019); State Affairs Manager, Port of Portland (2015-2018); Business and Rail Relations Manager, Port of Portland (2007-2015). Brody J. Wilson 43 Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer, Controller and Treasurer (2) (2017- ); Chief Financial Officer (Interim), Treasurer (Interim), Chief Accounting Officer and Controller (2016-2017); Chief Accounting Officer, Controller and Assistant Treasurer (2016); Controller (2013-2016); Acting Controller (2013); Accounting Director (2012-2013). 

138 

DIRECTOR (NORTHWEST NATURAL GAS COMPANY ONLY) Name Age at Dec. 31, 2022 Positions held during last five years (1) 
 Steven E. Wynne 70 Executive Vice President, Moda, Inc., a privately-held healthcare insurance company (2012- ); Director, JELD-WEN Holding Inc. (2012- ); Director, Pendleton Woolen Mills, Inc. (2013- ); Director, Lone Rock Resources, Inc. (2016- ); Director, FLIR Systems, Inc. (1999-2021); Director, Citifyd Inc. (2013-2019); Trustee, Willamette University (1999- ); Trustee, Portland Center Stage (2012-2019); Executive Vice President, JELD-WEN, Inc. (2011-2012); President and Chief Executive Officer, SBI International, Ltd. (2004-2007); Partner, Ater Wynne LLP (2001-2002; 2003-2004); President and Chief Executive Officer, Adidas America, Inc. (1995-2000). 
 
 Mr. Wynne s senior management experience with a variety of companies, board service on a number of public and private companies and longstanding legal practice in the areas of corporate finance, securities and mergers and acquisitions qualify him to provide insight and guidance in the areas of corporate governance, strategic planning, enterprise risk management, finance and operations. 

Executive Officer of Northwest Natural Holding Company and Northwest Natural Gas Company. 
 Director of Northwest Natural Gas Company only (beginning 2018). All other directors of Northwest Natural Gas Company are also directors of Northwest Natural Holding Company, and information regarding all directors concurrently serving on the Board of Directors of Northwest Natural Gas Company and Northwest Natural Holding Company will be incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 (1) Unless otherwise specified, all positions held at Northwest Natural Gas Company. 
 (2) Position held at Northwest Natural Holding Company (beginning March 2018) and Northwest Natural Gas Company. In 2020, Ms. Saathoff s title at Northwest Natural Holding Company changed from Senior Vice President and General Counsel to Senior Vice President, Regulation and General Counsel. 

Each executive officer serves successive annual terms; present terms end at the first meeting of the Board of Directors after the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. There are no family relationships among our executive officers, directors or any person chosen to become one of our officers or directors. NW Holdings and NW Natural have adopted a Code of Ethics (Code) applicable to all employees, officers, and directors that is available on our website at www.nwnaturalholdings.com . We intend to disclose on our website at www.nwnaturalholdings.com any amendments to the Code or waivers of the Code for executive officers and directors. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information concerning "Executive Compensation", "Report of the Organization and Executive Compensation Committee", and "Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation" contained in NW Holdings' definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is hereby incorporated by reference. Information related to Executive Officers as of December 31, 2022 is reflected in Part III, Item 10, above. 

139 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 As of February 16, 2023, NW Holdings owned 100 of the outstanding common stock of NW Natural. 
 
 The following table sets forth information regarding compensation plans under which equity securities of NW Holdings are authorized for issuance as of December 31, 2022 (see Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements): 
 (a) (b) (c) Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) (1)(2) 
 242,128 n/a 247,666 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 41,558 39.67 278,219 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders: Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (EDCP) (3) 
 794 n/a n/a Directors Deferred Compensation Plan (DDCP) (3) 
 30,551 n/a n/a Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors and Executives (DCP) (4) 
 191,781 n/a n/a Total 506,812 525,885 
 
 (1) Awards may be granted under the LTIP as Performance Share Awards, Restricted Stock Units, or stock options. Shares issued pursuant to Performance Share Awards and Restricted Stock Units under the LTIP do not include an exercise price, but are payable when the award criteria are satisfied. The number of shares shown in column (a) include 99,848 Restricted Stock Units and 142,280 Performance Share Awards, reflecting the number of shares to be issued as performance share awards under outstanding Performance Share Awards if target performance levels are achieved. If the maximum awards were paid pursuant to the Performance Share Awards outstanding at December 31, 2022, the number of shares shown in column (a) would increase by 142,280 shares, reflecting the maximum share award of 200 of target, and the number of shares shown in column (c) would decrease by the same amount of shares. No stock options or other types of award have been issued under the LTIP. 
 (2) The number of shares shown in column (c) includes shares that are available for future issuance under the LTIP as Restricted Stock Units or Performance Share Awards at December 31, 2022. 
 (3) Prior to January 1, 2005, deferred amounts were credited, at the participant s election, to either a cash account or a stock account. If deferred amounts were credited to stock accounts, such accounts were credited with a number of shares of NW Natural (now NW Holdings) common stock based on the purchase price of the common stock on the next purchase date under our Dividend Reinvestment and Direct Stock Purchase Plan, and such accounts were credited with additional shares based on the deemed reinvestment of dividends. Cash accounts are credited quarterly with interest at a rate equal to Moody s Average Corporate Bond Yield plus two percentage points, subject to a 6 minimum rate. At the election of the participant, deferred balances in the stock accounts are payable after termination of Board service or employment in a lump sum, in installments over a period not to exceed 10 years in the case of the DDCP, or 15 years in the case of the EDCP, or in a combination of lump sum and installments. Amounts credited to stock accounts are payable solely in shares of common stock and cash for fractional shares, and amounts in the above table represent the aggregate number of shares credited to participant's stock accounts. We have contributed common stock to the trustee of the Umbrella Trusts such that the Umbrella Trusts hold approximately the number of shares of common stock equal to the number of shares credited to all participants stock accounts. 
 (4) Effective January 1, 2005, the EDCP and DDCP were closed to new participants and replaced with the DCP. The DCP continues the basic provisions of the EDCP and DDCP under which deferred amounts are credited to either a cash account or a stock account. Stock accounts represent a right to receive shares of NW Holdings common stock on a deferred basis, and such accounts are credited with additional shares based on the deemed reinvestment of dividends. Effective January 1, 2007, cash accounts are credited quarterly with interest at a rate equal to Moody s Average Corporate Bond Yield. Our obligation to pay deferred compensation in accordance with the terms of the DCP will generally become due on a predetermined date during a participant's service if elected by such participant or on retirement, death, or other termination of service, and will be paid in a lump sum or in installments of five, 10, or 15 years as elected by the participant in accordance with the terms of the DCP. Amounts credited to stock accounts are payable solely in shares of common stock and cash for fractional shares, and amounts in the above table represent the aggregate number of shares credited to participants' stock accounts. We have contributed common stock to the trustee of the Supplemental Trust such that this trust holds approximately the number of common shares equal to the number of shares credited to all participants' stock accounts. The right of each participant in the DCP is that of a general, unsecured creditor of NW Natural. 
 
 The information captioned Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock by Directors and Executive Officers and "Security Ownership of Common Stock of Certain Beneficial Owners" contained in NW Holdings' definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 140 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information captioned "Transactions with Related Persons" and "Corporate Governance" in NW Holdings' definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 NW Holdings 
 The information captioned "2022 and 2021 Audit Firm Fees" in NW Holdings definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 NW Natural 
 The following table shows the fees and expenses of NW Natural, paid or accrued for the integrated audits of the consolidated financial statements and other services provided by NW Natural's independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, for fiscal years 2022 and 2021: 
 In thousands 2022 2021 Audit Fees 1,518 1,268 Audit-Related Fees 477 172 Tax Fees 23 23 All Other Fees 4 4 Total 2,022 1,467 
 
 AUDIT FEES. This category includes fees and expenses for services rendered for the integrated audit of the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K and the review of the quarterly financial statements included in the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. The integrated audit includes the review of our internal control over financial reporting in compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Sarbanes-Oxley Act). In addition, amounts include fees for services routinely provided by the auditor in connection with regulatory filings, including issuance of consents and comfort letters relating to the registration of Company securities and assistance with the review of documents filed with the SEC. 
 
 AUDIT-RELATED FEES. This category includes fees for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and internal control over financial reporting, including fees and expenses related to consultations for financial accounting and reporting, fees for EPA assurance letters, and fees for system pre-implementation assessments. 
 
 TAX FEES. This category includes fees for tax compliance, and review services rendered for NW Natural's income tax returns. 
 
 ALL OTHER FEES. This category relates to services other than those described above. The amount reflects payments for accounting research tools in each of 2022 and 2021. 
 
 PRE-APPROVAL POLICY FOR AUDIT AND NON-AUDIT SERVICES. The Audit Committee of NW Natural approved or ratified 100 percent of 2022 and 2021 services for audit, audit-related, tax services and all other fees, including audit services relating to compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The chair of the Audit Committee of NW Natural is authorized to pre-approve non-audit services between meetings of the Audit Committee and must report such approvals at the next Audit Committee meeting. 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 
 1. A list of all Financial Statements and Supplemental Schedules is incorporated by reference to Item 8. 
 
 2. List of Exhibits filed: 
 
 Reference is made to the Exhibit Index commencing on page 142. 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 141 

NORTHWEST NATURAL HOLDING COMPANY 
 NORTHWEST NATURAL GAS COMPANY 
 Exhibit Index to Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Exhibit Number Document 
 3a. 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Northwest Natural Holding Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K dated October 1, 2018, File No. 1-38681). 
 3b. 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Northwest Natural Gas Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3b to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020). 
 3c. 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Northwest Natural Holding Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, File No. 1-38681). 
 3d. 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Northwest Natural Gas Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, File No. 1-38681). 
 4a. Copy of Mortgage and Deed of Trust of Northwest Natural Gas Company, dated as of July 1, 1946 (Mortgage and Deed of Trust), to Bankers Trust (to whom Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas is the successor), Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 7(j) in File No. 2-6494); and copies of Supplemental Indentures Nos. 1 through 14 to the Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated respectively, as of June 1, 1949, March 1, 1954, April 1, 1956, February 1, 1959, July 1, 1961, January 1, 1964, March 1, 1966, December 1, 1969, April 1, 1971, January 1, 1975, December 1, 1975, July 1, 1981, June 1, 1985 and November 1, 1985 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(d) in File No. 33-1929); Supplemental Indenture No. 15 to the Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated as of July 1, 1986 (filed as Exhibit 4(c) in File No. 33-24168); Supplemental Indentures Nos. 16, 17 and 18 to the Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated, respectively, as of November 1, 1988, October 1, 1989 and July 1, 1990 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(c) in File No. 33-40482); Supplemental Indenture No. 19 to the Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated as of June 1, 1991 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(c) in File No. 33-64014). 4b. 
 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 20 to the Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated as of June 1, 1993 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4a.(1) to Form 10-K for year ended December 31, 1993, File No. 0-00994). 
 4c. 
 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 21 to the Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated as of October 15, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K dated October 26, 2012, File No. 1-15973). 
 4d. 
 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 22 to the Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated as of November 1, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, File No. 1-15973). 
 4e. 
 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 23 to the Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated as of September 1, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a) to Form 8-K dated September 10, 2018, File No. 1-15973). 
 4f. 
 Twenty-fourth Supplemental Indenture, providing for, among other things, First Mortgage Bonds, 4.78 Series due 2052, dated as of September 1, 2022, by and between Northwest Natural Gas Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 8-K filed September 30, 2022, file No. 1-15973). 
 4g. 
 Twenty-fifth Supplemental Indenture, providing for, among other things, First Mortgage Bonds, 5.43 Series due 2053, dated as of December 1, 2022, by and between Northwest Natural Gas Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K dated December 1, 2022, File No. 1-15973). 
 4h. Copy of Indenture, dated as of June 1, 1991, between Northwest Natural Gas Company and Bankers Trust Company (to whom Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas is successor), Trustee, relating to Northwest Natural Gas Company's Unsecured Debt Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(e) in File No. 33-64014). 
 142 

4 i . 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2021, among Northwest Natural Holding Company and the lenders party thereto, with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent and Bank of America, N.A., U.S. Bank National Association, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as co-syndication agents, as amended by Amendment No.1, dated as of January 20, 2023. 
 4 j . 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2021, among Northwest Natural Gas Company and the lenders party thereto, with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent and Bank of America, N.A., U.S. Bank National Association, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as co-syndication agents, as amended by Amendment No. 1, dated as of January 20, 2023. 
 4k . 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of June 10, 2021, among NW Natural Water Company, LLC, Northwest Natural Holding Company, the lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-K filed June 14, 2021, File No. 1-38681). 
 4 l . 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of June 10, 2021, among Northwest Natural Gas Company, the lenders party thereto, and U.S. Bank National Association, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 8-K filed June 14, 2021, File No. 1-15973). 
 4m. 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2022, among Northwest Natural Holding Company and the lenders party thereto, with U.S. Bank National Association as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 8-K filed September 21, 2022, file No. 1-38681). 
 4n. 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2022, among NW Natural Water Company, LLC, Northwest Natural Holding Company and the lenders party thereto, with U.S. Bank National Association as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-K filed September 21, 2022, file No. 1-38681). 
 4 o . 
 Description of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4j to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, File No. 1-38681). 
 10 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement dated June 20, 2018, between NW Natural Gas Storage LLC and SENSA Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018, File No. 1-15973). 
 10.1 
 Fifth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated April 29, 2020, between NW Natural Gas Storage, LLC and SENSA Holdings LLC, amending the Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated June 20, 2018, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, File No. 1-38681). 
 10.2 
 Tenth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated December 4, 2020, between NW Natural Gas Storage LLC and SENSA Holdings LLC, amending the Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated June 20, 2018, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed December 7, 2020, File No. 1-38681). 
 21 
 Subsidiaries of Northwest Natural Holding Company. 
 23a. 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP - NW Holdings. 
 23b. 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP - NW Natural. 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer of Northwest Natural Gas Company Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer of Northwest Natural Gas Company Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.3 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer of Northwest Natural Holding Company Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.4 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer of Northwest Natural Holding Company Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 143 

32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of Northwest Natural Gas Company Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of Northwest Natural Holding Company Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101. The following materials formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (Inline XBRL): (i) Consolidated Statements of Income; (ii) Consolidated Balance Sheets; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (iv) Related notes. 104. The cover page from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. Executive Compensation Plans and Arrangements: 10a. 
 Executive Supplemental Retirement Income Plan, 2018 Restatement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Form 8-K dated October 1, 2018, File No. 1-38681). 
 10b. 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan of Northwest Natural Gas Company, 2018 Restatement, as amended July 25, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019, File No. 1-15973). 
 10c. 
 Northwest Natural Gas Company Supplemental Trust, effective January 1, 2005, restated as of October 1, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Form 8-K dated October 1, 2018, File No. 1-38681). 
 10d. 
 Northwest Natural Gas Company Umbrella Trust for Directors, effective January 1, 1991, restated as of October 1, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Form 8-K dated October 1, 2018, File No. 1-38681). 
 10e. 
 Northwest Natural Gas Company Umbrella Trust for Executives, effective January 1, 1988, restated as of October 1, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Form 8-K dated October 1, 2018, File No. 1-38681). 
 10 f . 
 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, effective as of January 1, 1987, restated as of October 1, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Form 8-K dated October 1, 2018, File No. 1-38681). 
 10 g . 
 Directors Deferred Compensation Plan, effective June 1, 1981, restated as of October 1, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Form 8-K dated October 1, 2018, File No. 1-38681). 
 10 h . 
 Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors and Executives, effective January 1, 2005, restated as of September 23, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021, File No. 1-38681). 
 10 i . 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement as entered into between Northwest Natural Gas Company and each director and certain executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10l to Form 10-K for 2018, File No. 1-15973). 
 10 j . 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement as entered into between Northwest Natural Holding Company and each director and certain executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10m to Form 10-K for 2018, File No. 1-38681). 
 10 k . 
 Non-Employee Directors Stock Compensation Plan, as amended effective December 15, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K dated December 16, 2005, File No. 1-15973). 
 10l. 
 Executive Annual Incentive Plan, effective January 1, 2022 (incor porated by reference to Exh ibit 10o to Form 10-K for 2021, File No. 1-15973) . 
 
 144 

10m. 
 Executive Annual Incentive Plan, effective February 23 , 2023. 
 10n. 
 Form of Change in Control Severance Agreement between Northwest Natural Gas Company and each executive officer, as amended and restated as of March 1, 2020 (inco rporated by reference to Exh ibit 10q to Form 10-K for 2019, File No. 1-15973) . 
 10o. 
 Form of Change in Control Severance Agreement between Northwest Natural Gas Company and David Anderson , as amended and restated as of February 2 3 , 2023. 
 10 p . 
 Form of Change in Control Severance Agreement between Northwest Natural Gas Company and each executive officer (other than David Anderson) , as amended and restated as of February 2 3 , 2023. 
 10 q . 
 Northwest Natural Gas Company Long Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective May 25, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10s to Form 10-K for 2017, File No. 1-15973). 
 10 r . 
 Northwest Natural Gas Company Long Term Incentive Plan, as amended and resta ted as of October 1, 2 018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 .1 to Form 8 -K dated October 1, 2018 , File No. 1- 38681 ). 
 10s. 
 Northwest Natural Holding Company Long Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated as of February 2 3 , 2023. 
 10 t . 
 Form of Performance Share Long Term Incentive Agreement under Long Term Incentive Plan (2020-2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10x to Form 10-K for 2019, File No. 1-38681). 
 10 u . 
 Form of Performance Share Long Term Incentive Agreement under Long Term Incentive Plan (2021-2023)(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10w to Form 10-K for 2020, File No. 1-38681). 
 10 v . 
 Form of Performance Share Long Term Incentive Agreement under Long Term Incentive Plan (2022-2024) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1 0w to Form 10-K for 2021, File No. 1-38681) . 
 10w. 
 Form of Amendment to Performance Share Long Term Incentive Agreement under Long Term Incentive Plan (2021-2023) and Long Term Incentive Plan (2022-2024) 
 10x. 
 Form of Performance Share Long Term Incentive Agreement under Long Term Incentive Plan (2023-2025). 
 10 y . 
 Form of Consent dated December 14, 2006 entered into by each executive officer with respect to amendments to the Executive Supplemental Retirement Income Plan, the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan and certain change in control severance agreements (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated December 19, 2006, File No. 1-15973). 
 10 z . 
 Consent to Amendment of Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors and Executives, dated February 28, 2008 entered into by each executive officer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10bb to Form 10-K for 2007, File No. 1-15973). 
 10 aa . 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under Long Term Incentive Plan (2022) (inc orporated by reference to Exhibit 10 z to Form 1 0-K for 2021, File No. 1 -38681) . 
 10bb. 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under Long Term Incentive Plan (2023). 
 10 cc . 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under Long Term Incentive Plan (2021) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10z to Form 10-K for 2020, File No. 1-38681). 
 10 dd . 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under Long Term Incentive Plan (2020) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10aa to Form 10-K for 2019, File No. 1-38681). 
 10 ee . 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under Long Term Incentive Plan (2019) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10cc to Form 10-K for 2018, File No. 1-38681). 
 
 145 

10 ff . 
 Severance Agreement between Northwest Natural Gas Company and an executive officer, dated August 1, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated July 29, 2016, File No. 1-15973). 
 10 gg . 
 Form of Severance Agreement between Northwest Natural Gas Company and an executive officer, dated May 17, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated April 24, 2017, File No. 1-15973). 
 10 hh . 
 Cash Retention Agreement between Northwest Natural Gas Company and an executive officer, dated as of March 1, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10ss to Form 10-K for 2017, File No. 1-15973). 
 10 ii . 
 Annual Incentive Plan for NW Natural Gas Storage, LLC, as amended effective January 1, 2022 (inc orporated b y reference to Exhibit 10ll to F orm 10-K for 2021, File No. 1-38681) . 
 
 Incorporated by reference as indicated 
 Pursuant to Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K, this certificate is not being "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 146 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. The signature for each undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and its subsidiaries. 
 
 NORTHWEST NATURAL HOLDING COMPANY 
 
 By: /s/ David H. Anderson 
 David H. Anderson 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Date: February 24, 2023 
 
 NORTHWEST NATURAL GAS COMPANY 
 
 By: /s/ David H. Anderson 
 David H. Anderson 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Date: February 24, 2023 
 147 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. The signatures of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the below named company and its subsidiaries. 
 NORTHWEST NATURAL HOLDING COMPANY 
 Signature Title Date /s/ David H. Anderson Principal Executive Officer and Director February 24, 2023 David H. Anderson President and Chief Executive Officer /s/ Frank H. Burkhartsmeyer Principal Financial Officer February 24, 2023 Frank H. Burkhartsmeyer Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer /s/ Brody J. Wilson Principal Accounting Officer February 24, 2023 Brody J. Wilson Vice President, Treasurer, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller /s/ Timothy P. Boyle Director Timothy P. Boyle /s/ Monica Enand Director Monica Enand /s/ Karen Lee Director Karen Lee /s/ Dave McCurdy Director Dave McCurdy /s/ Sandra McDonough Director February 24, 2023 Sandra McDonough /s/ Nathan I. Partain Director Nathan I. Partain /s/ Jane L. Peverett Director Jane L. Peverett /s/ Kenneth Thrasher Director Kenneth Thrasher /s/ Malia H. Wasson Director Malia H. Wasson /s/ Charles A. Wilhoite Director Charles A. Wilhoite 
 148 

NORTHWEST NATURAL GAS COMPANY 
 Signature Title Date /s/ David H. Anderson Principal Executive Officer and Director February 24, 2023 David H. Anderson President and Chief Executive Officer /s/ Frank H. Burkhartsmeyer Principal Financial Officer February 24, 2023 Frank H. Burkhartsmeyer Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer /s/ Brody J. Wilson Principal Accounting Officer February 24, 2023 Brody J. Wilson Vice President, Treasurer, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller /s/ Timothy P. Boyle Director Timothy P. Boyle /s/ Monica Enand Director Monica Enand /s/ Karen Lee Director Karen Lee /s/ Dave McCurdy Director Dave McCurdy /s/ Sandra McDonough Director February 24, 2023 Sandra McDonough /s/ Nathan I. Partain Director Nathan I. Partain /s/ Jane L. Peverett Director Jane L. Peverett /s/ Kenneth Thrasher Director Kenneth Thrasher /s/ Malia H. Wasson Director Malia H. Wasson /s/ Charles A. Wilhoite Director Charles A. Wilhoite /s/ Steven E. Wynne Director Steven E. Wynne 
 149 

<EX-4.I>
 2
 ex4iamendedandrestatedcred.htm
 EX-4.I

Document 
 Exhibit 4i 

EXHIBIT A CONFORMED THROUGH AMENDMENT NO. 1 
 DATED JANUARY 1, 2023 
 
 EXECUTION VERSION 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 dated as of 
 November 3, 2021 
 among 
 NORTHWEST NATURAL HOLDING COMPANY, 
 The Lenders Party Hereto 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. as Administrative Agent 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
 U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Co-Syndication Agents 
 _______________________________ 
 J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC, 
 as Sustainability Structuring Agent 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 BOFA SECURITIES, INC., 
 U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION and WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, as Joint Bookrunners and Co-Lead Arrangers 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 

ARTICLE I Definitions 
 1 
 SECTION 1.01 Defined Terms 
 1 
 SECTION 1.02 Classification of Loans and Borrowings 
 2 3 
 SECTION 1.03 Terms Generally 
 2 3 
 SECTION 1.04 Accounting Terms GAAP Pro Forma Calculations 
 2 3 
 SECTION 1.05 Interest Rates Benchmark Notification 
 2 4 
 SECTION 1.06 Divisions 
 2 4 
 SECTION 1.07 Amendment and Restatement 
 2 4 
 SECTION 1.08 Sustainability Adjustments 
 2 5 
 SECTION 1.09 Letter of Credit Amounts 
 2 7 
 ARTICLE II The Credits 
 27 
 SECTION 2.01 Commitments 
 27 
 SECTION 2.02 Loans and Borrowings 
 27 
 SECTION 2.03 Requests for Revolving Borrowings 
 2 8 
 SECTION 2.04 Intentionally Omitted . 
 2 9 
 SECTION 2.05 Intentionally Omitted 
 29 
 SECTION 2.06 Letters of Credit 
 29 
 SECTION 2.07 Funding of Borrowings 
 3 3 
 SECTION 2.08 Interest Elections 
 33 
 SECTION 2.09 Termination and Reduction of Commitments 
 3 4 
 SECTION 2.10 Repayment of Loans Evidence of Debt 
 3 5 
 SECTION 2.11 Prepayment of Loans 
 35 
 SECTION 2.12 Fees 
 3 6 
 SECTION 2.13 Interest 
 36 
 SECTION 2.14 Alternate Rate of Interest 
 3 7 
 SECTION 2.15 Increased Costs 
 3 9 
 SECTION 2.16 Break Funding Payments 
 4 0 
 SECTION 2.17 Withholding of Taxes Gross-Up 
 4 0 
 SECTION 2.18 Payments Generally Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Set-offs 
 4 3 
 SECTION 2.19 Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders 
 4 4 
 SECTION 2.20 Expansion Option 
 4 5 
 SECTION 2.21 Defaulting Lenders 
 4 6 
 SECTION 2.22 Extension of Maturity Date 
 4 8 
 ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties 
 5 0 
 SECTION 3.01 Corporate Existence Authorization 
 50 
 SECTION 3.02 Enforceability 
 50 
 SECTION 3.03 Financial Condition No Material Adverse Change 
 50 
 SECTION 3.04 Compliance with Laws and Material Contractual Obligations 
 50 
 SECTION 3.05 No Material Litigation 
 50 
 SECTION 3.06 Ownership of Property 
 50 
 
 i 

Table of Contents (continued) 
 Page 

 SECTION 3.07 Taxes 
 5 1 
 SECTION 3.08 Subsidiaries 
 51 
 SECTION 3.09 Investment Company Act No Consents 
 51 
 SECTION 3.10 ERISA 
 51 
 SECTION 3.11 Environmental 
 51 
 SECTION 3.12 Margin Regulations 
 51 
 SECTION 3.13 Disclosure 
 51 
 SECTION 3.14 Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 
 5 2 
 SECTION 3.15 Affected Financial Institutions 
 52 
 SECTION 3.16 Plan Assets Prohibited Transactions 
 52 
 ARTICLE IV Conditions 
 52 
 SECTION 4.01 Restatement Effective Date 
 52 
 SECTION 4.02 Each Credit Event 
 5 3 
 ARTICLE V Affirmative Covenants 
 5 4 
 SECTION 5.01 Financial Statements and Other Information 
 54 
 SECTION 5.02 Certificates Other Information 
 54 
 SECTION 5.03 Payment of Taxes 
 5 5 
 SECTION 5.04 Conduct of Business 
 55 
 SECTION 5.05 Maintenance of Property Insurance 
 55 
 SECTION 5.06 Inspection of Property Books and Records Discussions 
 55 
 SECTION 5.07 Notices 
 5 6 
 SECTION 5.08 Use of Proceeds and Letters of Credit 
 56 
 SECTION 5.09 Debt Rating 
 56 
 ARTICLE VI Negative Covenants 
 56 
 SECTION 6.01 Fundamental Changes 
 56 
 SECTION 6.02 Financial Covenant 
 5 7 
 ARTICLE VII Events of Default 
 57 
 SECTION 7.01 Events of Default 
 57 
 SECTION 7.02 Application of Payments 
 5 8 
 ARTICLE VIII The Administrative Agent 
 5 9 
 SECTION 8.01 Authorization and Action 
 59 
 SECTION 8.02 Administrative Agent s Reliance, Indemnification, Etc 
 6 1 
 SECTION 8.03 Posting of Communications 
 6 2 
 SECTION 8.04 The Administrative Agent Individually 
 6 3 
 SECTION 8.05 Successor Administrative Agent 
 6 4 
 SECTION 8.06 Acknowledgments of Lenders and Issuing Banks 
 6 4 
 SECTION 8.07 Certain ERISA Matters 
 6 5 
 SECTION 8.08 Certain Sustainability Matters 
 6 7 
 ARTICLE IX Miscellaneous 
 67 
 SECTION 9.01 Notices 
 67 
 SECTION 9.02 Waivers Amendments 
 6 8 
 
 ii 

Table of Contents (continued) 
 Page 

 SECTION 9.03 Expenses Limitation of Liability Indemnity Etc. 
 6 9 
 SECTION 9.04 Successors and Assigns 
 7 1 
 SECTION 9.05 Survival 
 7 4 
 SECTION 9.06 Counterparts Integration Effectiveness Electronic Execution 
 7 4 
 SECTION 9.07 Severability 
 7 5 
 SECTION 9.08 Right of Setoff 
 75 
 SECTION 9.09 Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process 
 75 
 SECTION 9.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 
 7 6 
 SECTION 9.11 Headings 
 76 
 SECTION 9.12 Confidentiality 
 76 
 SECTION 9.13 Material Non-Public Information 
 7 7 
 SECTION 9.14 USA PATRIOT Act 
 77 
 SECTION 9.15 Intentionally Omitted 
 77 
 SECTION 9.16 Interest Rate Limitation 
 77 
 SECTION 9.17 No Fiduciary Duty, etc 
 7 8 
 SECTION 9.18 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 
 7 8 

iii 

Table of Contents (continued) 
 Page 

 SCHEDULES 
 Schedule 1.08 Sustainability Table 
 Schedule 2.01A Commitments 
 Schedule 2.01B Letter of Credit Commitments 
 Schedule 3.08 Subsidiaries EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit A Form of Assignment and Assumption 
 Exhibit B Form of Increasing Lender Supplement 
 Exhibit C Form of Augmenting Lender Supplement 
 Exhibit D List of Closing Documents Exhibit E-1 Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships) 
 Exhibit E-2 Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships) 
 Exhibit E-3 Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships) 
 Exhibit E-4 Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships) 
 Exhibit F-1 Form of Borrowing Request 
 Exhibit F-2 Form of Interest Election Request 
 Exhibit G Form of Pricing Certificate 

iv 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement dated as of November 3, 2021 among NORTHWEST NATURAL HOLDING COMPANY, the LENDERS from time to time party hereto, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Co-Syndication Agents. 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent thereunder, are currently party to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of October 2, 2018 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the Restatement Effective Date, the Existing Credit Agreement 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Lenders party hereto and the Administrative Agent have agreed to enter into this Agreement in order to (i) amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement in its entirety, (ii) extend the maturity date in respect of the existing revolving credit facility under the Existing Credit Agreement, (iii) re-evidence the Obligations under, and as defined in, the Existing Credit Agreement, which shall be repayable in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and (iv) set forth the terms and conditions under which the Lenders will, from time to time, make loans and extend other financial accommodations to or for the benefit of the Borrower 
 WHEREAS, it is the intent of the parties hereto that this Agreement not constitute a novation of the obligations and liabilities of the parties under the Existing Credit Agreement or be deemed to evidence or constitute full repayment of such obligations and liabilities, but that this Agreement amend and restate in its entirety the Existing Credit Agreement and re-evidence the obligations and liabilities of the Borrower outstanding thereunder, which shall be payable in accordance with the terms hereof and 
 WHEREAS, it is also the intent of the Borrower to confirm that all obligations under the applicable Loan Documents (as referred to and defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) shall continue in full force and effect as modified or restated by the Loan Documents (as referred to and defined herein) and that, from and after the Restatement Effective Date, all references to the Credit Agreement contained in any such existing Loan Documents shall be deemed to refer to this Agreement 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree that the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated as follows 
 ARTICLE I Definitions 
 SECTION 1.01 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below 
 ABR , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 
 Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR means an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily Simple SOFR, plus (b) 0.10 provided that if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Adjusted Term SOFR Rate means, for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period, plus (b) 0.10 provided that if the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 

Administrative Agent means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (including its branches and affiliates), in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder, and any successor appointed in accordance with Article VIII . 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 
 Agent-Related Person has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(c). 
 Aggregate Commitment means the aggregate of the Commitments of all of the Lenders, as reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof. As of the Restatement Effective Date, the Aggregate Commitment is 200,000,000. 
 Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus 1 2 of 1 and (c) the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for a one month Interest Period as published two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the immediately preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day) plus 1 provided that for the purpose of this definition, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for any day shall be based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5 00 a.m. Chicago time on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate), as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology. Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, respectively. If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.14 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 2.14(b)), then the Alternate Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Alternate Base Rate as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than 1.0 , such rate shall be deemed to be 1.0 for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Amendment No. 1 means that certain Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2023, among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto. 
 Amendment No. 1 Effective Date means the date on which each of the conditions set forth in Section 2 of Amendment No. 1 are satisfied (or waived), which date is January 20, 2023. 
 Ancillary Document has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.06(b). 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to money laundering, bribery or corruption. 
 Applicable Party has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.03(c). 
 Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the Aggregate Commitment represented by such Lender s Commitment provided that, in the case of Section 2.21 when a Defaulting Lender shall exist, Applicable Percentage shall mean the percentage of the Aggregate Commitment (disregarding any Defaulting Lender s Commitment) represented by such 
 2 

Lender s Commitment. If the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments and to any Lender s status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of determination. 
 Applicable Rate means, for any day, with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan or any ABR Loan or with respect to the facility fees payable hereunder, as the case may be, the applicable rate per annum set forth below under the caption Term Benchmark and RFR Spread , ABR Spread or Facility Fee Rate , as the case may be, based upon the Debt Rating applicable on such date 
 Pricing Level Debt Rating 
 Term Benchmark and RFR Spread ABR Spread 
 Facility Fee Rate Level I AA- or higher Aa3 or higher 
 0.680 0.000 0.070 Level II A+ A1 0.795 0.000 0.080 Level III A A2 0.900 0.000 0.100 Level IV A- A3 1.000 0.000 0.125 Level V BBB+ Baa1 1.075 0.075 0.175 Level VI BBB or below Baa2 or below 1.275 0.275 0.225 
 
 For purposes of the foregoing, (i) if only one of S&P and Moody s shall have in effect a Debt Rating, the applicable Pricing Level shall be determined by reference to the available rating (ii) if neither S&P nor Moody s shall have in effect a Debt Rating, the applicable Pricing Level will be set in accordance with Level VI (iii) if the ratings established or deemed to have been established by Moody s and S&P for the Debt Rating shall fall within different Pricing Levels, the applicable Pricing Level shall be based on the better of the two ratings unless the ratings are not in two adjacent Pricing Levels, in which case the applicable Pricing Level shall be determined by reference to the Pricing Level one level below the Pricing Level corresponding to the better of the two ratings and (iv) if the Debt Ratings established or deemed to have been established by Moody s and S&P shall be changed, such change shall be effective as of the date on which it is first publicly announced by the applicable rating agency. Each change in Pricing Level shall apply during the period commencing on the effective date of such change and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. 
 It is hereby understood and agreed that the Term Benchmark and RFR Spread (including with respect to the Letter of Credit fees payable pursuant to Section 2.12(b)(i)) and the ABR Spread set forth in the table above shall be adjusted from time to time based upon the Sustainability Rate Adjustment and Facility Fee Rate set forth in the table above shall be adjusted from time to time based upon the Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment, in each case to be calculated and applied as set forth in Section 1.08 provided , that in no event shall the Applicable Rate be less than zero. 
 Approved Electronic Platform has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.03(a). 
 Approved Fund has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b). 
 Arrangers means each of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., BofA Securities, Inc., U.S. Bank National Association and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, in their respective capacities as joint bookrunners and co-lead arrangers hereunder. 
 3 

Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit A or any other form (including electronic records generated by the use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Augmenting Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 
 Authorized Officer means the chief executive officer, the president, any vice president, the treasurer or any assistant treasurer of the Borrower. 
 Availability Period means the period from and including the Restatement Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the Maturity Date and the date of termination of the Commitments. 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (e) of Section 2.14. 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment or has had any order for relief in such proceeding entered in respect thereof, provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof, unless such ownership interest results in or provides such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permits such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 
 Benchmark means, initially, with respect to any (i) RFR Loan (following a Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate), Daily Simple SOFR or (ii) Term Benchmark Loan, the Term SOFR Rate provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and the related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the Daily Simple SOFR or Term SOFR Rate, as applicable, or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (b) of Section 2.14. 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date 
 4 

(1) the sum of (a) Daily Simple SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, 
 (2) the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to the above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in Dollars at such time. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and or any Term Benchmark Loan, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any applicable Benchmark and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark 
 (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication 
 5 

referenced in such clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark 
 (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14. 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership or control as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which 
 6 

Section 4975 of the Code applies, and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 Borrower means Northwest Natural Holding Company, an Oregon corporation. 
 Borrower Materials has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.02. 
 Borrowing means Revolving Loans of the same Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect. 
 Borrowing Request means a request by the Borrower for a Revolving Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03, which shall be substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit F-1 or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Business Day means, any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in New York City provided that, in addition to the foregoing, a Business Day shall be a day that is also a U.S. Government Securities Business Day (a) in relation to RFR Loans and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such RFR Loan, or any other dealings of such RFR Loan and (b) in relation to Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or any other dealings of such Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate. 
 Carbon Savings KPI means aggregate metric tons of greenhouse gasses saved since 2015 by NW Natural, as determined and calculated by NW Natural using the Carbon Savings KPI Calculation Methodology. 
 Carbon Savings KPI Calculation Methodology means the calculation methodology used by NW Natural to report carbon savings of 379,064 metric tons in the Borrower s 2020 Environmental, Social and Governance Report (a copy of which report has been delivered to the Administrative Agent, the Sustainability Structuring Agent and the Lenders prior to the Restatement Effective Date or otherwise published on an Internet or intranet website to which each Lender, the Sustainability Structuring Agent and the Administrative Agent have been granted access free of charge (or at the expense of the Borrower)), and as identified in the Baseline column of the Sustainability Table. 
 Carbon Savings KPI Applicable Rate Adjustment Amount means, with respect to any period between Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Dates, (a) positive 0.020 , if the Carbon Savings KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is less than the Carbon Savings KPI Threshold A for such period, (b) 0.000 , if the Carbon Savings KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is more than or equal to the Carbon Savings KPI Threshold A for such period but less than the Carbon Savings KPI Target A for such period, and (c) negative 0.020 , if the Carbon Savings KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is more than or equal to Carbon Savings KPI Target A for such period. 
 Carbon Savings KPI Facility Fee Adjustment Amount means, with respect to any period between Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Dates, (a) positive 0.005 , if the Carbon Savings KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is less than the Carbon Savings KPI Threshold A for such period, (b) 0.000 , if the Carbon Savings KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is more than or equal to the Carbon Savings KPI Threshold A for such period but less than the Carbon Savings KPI Target A for such period, and (c) negative 0.005 , if the Carbon Savings KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is more than or equal to Carbon Savings KPI Target A for such period. 
 Carbon Savings KPI Target A means, with respect to any Reference Year, the Carbon Savings KPI Target A for such Reference Year as set forth in the Sustainability Table. 
 7 

Carbon Savings KPI Threshold A means, with respect to any Reference Year, the Carbon Savings KPI Threshold A for such Reference Year as set forth in the Sustainability Table. 
 Change in Control means that (a)(i) either (x) a person or group (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) has acquired more than 50 of the voting stock of the Borrower or (y) a majority of the board of directors of the Borrower shall cease to be composed of individuals who were members of such board on the Restatement Effective Date Existing Directors or were approved by a majority of the Existing Directors and previously approved directors and (ii) at the time of, or at any time during the one-year period following, an event described in the preceding clause (a)(i) , the Borrower either (x) has a rating that is not an Investment Grade Rating from any one of S&P, Fitch or Moody s or (y) does not have a credit rating from at least one of S&P, Fitch or Moody s. 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement (or, with respect to any Lender, such later date on which such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement), of (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority, or (c) compliance by any Lender or Issuing Bank (or, for purposes of Section 2.15(b), by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company, if any) with any request, rule, guideline, requirement or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives thereunder, or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof, and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 
 Charges has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.16. 
 CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator). 
 Co-Syndication Agents means each of Bank of America, N.A., U.S. Bank National Association and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make Revolving Loans and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate amount of such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced or terminated from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09, (b) increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.20 and (c) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04. The initial amount of each Lender s Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01A , or in the Assignment and Assumption or other documentation or record (as such term is defined in Section 9-102(a)(70) of the New York Uniform Commercial Code) as provided in Section 9.04(b)(ii)(C), pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Commitment, as applicable. 
 Commitment Schedule means Schedule 2.01A and Schedule 2.01B attached hereto, as the context may require. 
 Communications has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.03(c). 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are gross receipts or franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 8 

Consolidated Indebtedness means, at a particular date, all Indebtedness, calculated for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 
 Credit Event means a Borrowing, the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit, an LC Disbursement or any of the foregoing. 
 Credit Party means the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank or any other Lender. 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day (such day SOFR Determination Date that is five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. 
 Debt Rating means the rating assigned by S&P or Moody s, as applicable, to the Borrower s senior, unsecured, non-credit enhanced long-term debt provided that, (a) if the Borrower s senior, unsecured, non-credit enhanced long-term debt is not rated by S&P, Debt Rating for S&P shall mean the (i) the corporate credit rating assigned by S&P to the Borrower or (ii) if the rating described in clause (a)(i) shall not exist with respect to S&P, the rating for S&P that is one level below the rating assigned by S&P to senior, unsecured, non-credit enhanced long-term debt of NW Natural or (iii) if the ratings described in clause (a)(i) and (a)(ii) shall not exist with respect to S&P, the rating that is two levels below the rating assigned by S&P to the senior, secured long-term debt of NW Natural and (b) if the Borrower s senior, unsecured, non-credit enhanced long-term debt is not rated by Moody s, Debt Rating for Moody s shall mean (i) the corporate credit rating assigned by Moody s to the Borrower or (ii) if the rating described in clause (b)(i) shall not exist with respect to Moody s, the rating for Moody s that is one level below the rating assigned by Moody s to senior, unsecured, non-credit enhanced long-term debt of NW Natural or (iii) if the ratings described in clause (b)(i) and (b)(ii) shall not exist with respect to Moody s, the rating that is two levels below the rating assigned by Moody s to the senior, secured long-term debt of NW Natural. 
 Default means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 
 Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two (2) Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or (iii) pay over to any Credit Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, a condition precedent to funding has not been satisfied or is subject to a good faith dispute and such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such Lender has not funded because, in such Lender s good faith determination, such condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Borrower or any Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a Loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after request by a Credit Party, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized 
 9 

officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations) to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Credit Party s receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, or (d) has become the subject of (A) a Bankruptcy Event or (B) a Bail-In Action. 
 Dollars or refers to lawful money of the United States of America. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Electronic Signature means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 
 Environmental Laws means all laws, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions, notices or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority, relating in any way to (i) the environment, (ii) preservation or reclamation of natural resources, (iii) the management, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Material or (iv) health and safety matters. 
 Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower or any Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 Equity Interests means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any such equity interest, but excluding any debt securities convertible into any of the foregoing. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Borrower, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or Section 4001(b)(1) of ERISA or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. 
 ERISA Event means (a) any Reportable Event (b) the failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard (as defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan (d) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the 
 10 

termination of any Plan (e) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan (f) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal of the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan or (g) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition upon the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 
 Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.01. 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), gross receipts, franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. Federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 2.19(b)) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.17, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 2.17(f) and (d) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
 Existing Credit Agreement has the meaning assigned to it in the Recitals to this Agreement. 
 Existing Maturity Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(a). 
 Extending Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(b)(ii). 
 Extension Request means a written request from the Borrower to the Administrative Agent requesting an extension of the Maturity Date pursuant to Section 2.22. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code. 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such day s federal funds transactions by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as shall be set forth on the NYFRB s Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate provided that if the Federal Funds Effective Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 
 11 

Financial Officer means the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower. 
 Fitch means Fitch, Inc., doing business as Fitch Ratings. 
 Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the initial Floor for each of Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR shall be 0 . 
 Foreign Lender means (a) if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America in effect from time to time. 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government. 
 Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. 
 Hostile Acquisition means (a) the acquisition of the Equity Interests of a Person through a tender offer or similar solicitation of the owners of such Equity Interests which has not been approved (prior to such acquisition) by the board of directors (or any other applicable governing body) of such Person or by similar action if such Person is not a corporation and (b) any such acquisition as to which such approval has been withdrawn. 
 Hybrid Securities means debt or equity securities that meet the following requirements (a) such securities are issued by (i) the Borrower or (ii) a Subsidiary or an independent trust (a Hybrid Securities Subsidiary that engages in no business other than the issuance of such securities and lending the proceeds thereof to the Borrower (b) each of such securities of the Borrower and the loans, if any, made to the Borrower by the applicable Hybrid Securities Subsidiary with the proceeds of such securities (i) are subordinated to the payment by the Borrower of its obligations hereunder in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (ii) require no repayment, prepayment, mandatory redemption or mandatory repurchase prior to the date that is at least 91 days after the scheduled Maturity Date and (c) such securities are classified as possessing a minimum of at least one of the following (x) intermediate equity content by S&P, (y) Basket C equity credit by Moody s and (z) 50 equity credit by Fitch. 
 Increasing Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 
 Incremental Term Loan has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 
 Incremental Term Loan Amendment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 
 Indebtedness of a Person means, at a particular date, the sum (without duplication) at such date of (a) indebtedness for borrowed money or for the deferred purchase price of property, goods or services, excluding (i) trade accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) pension liabilities that are not then due and payable and (iii) obligations in respect of Hybrid Securities that are not 
 12 

then due and payable, (b) obligations of such Person under capitalized leases and synthetic leases, (c) debts of third persons guaranteed by such Person or secured by property of such Person (provided that the amount of Indebtedness secured by property of such Person shall be the lesser of (x) the fair market value of such property as of the date of determination and (y) the amount of the Indebtedness as of the date of determination) and (d) any non-contingent reimbursement obligations of such Person in respect of letters of credit, acceptances or similar obligations issued or created for the account of such Person. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a) hereof, Other Taxes. 
 Indemnitee has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.03(b). 
 Ineligible Institution has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b). 
 Information has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.12. 
 Information Memorandum means the Confidential Information Memorandum dated October 13, 2021 relating to the Borrower and the Transactions. 
 Interest Election Request means a request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Revolving Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.08, which shall be substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit F-2 or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan, the second Business Day following the last day of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date, (b) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration after the first day of such Interest Period, and the Maturity Date and (c) with respect to any RFR Loan, (1) each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month) and (2) the Maturity Date. 
 Interest Period means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or six months thereafter (in each case, subject to the availability for the Benchmark applicable to the relevant Loan or Commitment), as the Borrower may elect provided , that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (ii) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period, and (iii) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.14(e) shall be available for specification in such Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and, in the case of a Revolving Borrowing, thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. 
 Investment Grade Rating means, for S&P, Fitch or Moody s, as applicable, (a) if such rating agency has a rating assigned to the Borrower s senior, unsecured, non-credit enhanced long-term debt of BBB- or higher by S&P or Fitch and Baa3 or higher by Moody s and (b) if such rating agency does not have a rating assigned to the Borrower s senior, unsecured, non-credit enhanced long-term debt but has a rating assigned to the Borrower s senior, secured long-term debt, BBB or higher by S&P or Fitch and Baa2 or higher by Moody s. 
 IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 13 

Issuing Bank means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A., U.S. Bank National Association and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and any other Lender that agrees to act as an Issuing Bank (in each case, through itself or through one of its designated Affiliates or branch offices), each in its capacity as the issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, and its successors in such capacity as provided in Section 2.06(i). Any Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of such Issuing Bank, in which case the term Issuing Bank shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. Each reference herein to the Issuing Bank in connection with a Letter of Credit or other matter shall be deemed to be a reference to the relevant Issuing Bank with respect thereto. 
 KPI Metric means each of the Carbon Savings KPI and the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI. 
 KPI Metric Calculation Methodology means the Carbon Savings KPI Metric Calculation Methodology and the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Calculation Methodology. 
 KPI Metrics Report means an annual report (it being understood that this annual report may take the form of the annual Sustainability Report) that sets forth the calculations for each KPI Metric for a specific Reference Year. The Sustainability Assurance Provider shall attest to the KPI Metrics for verification of the method of calculation of each KPI Metric in conformity with the applicable KPI Metric Calculation Methodology. 
 LC Collateral Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(j). 
 LC Disbursement means a payment made by an Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit. 
 LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time. The LC Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the total LC Exposure at such time. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Article 29(a) of the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time) or Rule 3.13 or Rule 3.14 of the International Standby Practices, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time) or similar terms of the Letter of Credit itself, or if compliant documents have been presented but not yet honored, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding and undrawn in the amount so remaining available to be paid, and the obligations of the Borrower and each Lender shall remain in full force and effect until the Issuing Banks and the Lenders shall have no further obligations to make any payments or disbursements under any circumstances with respect to any Letter of Credit. 
 Lender Parent means, with respect to any Lender, any Person as to which such Lender is, directly or indirectly, a subsidiary. 
 Lender-Related Person has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.03(d). 
 Lenders means the Persons listed on Schedule 2.01A and any other Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or otherwise, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or otherwise. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Lenders includes the Issuing Banks. 
 Letter of Credit means any letter of credit issued pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Letter of Credit Agreement has the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.06(b). 
 14 

Letter of Credit Commitment means, with respect to each Issuing Bank, the commitment of such Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder. The initial amount of each Issuing Bank s Letter of Credit Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01B, or if an Issuing Bank has entered into an Assignment and Assumption or has otherwise assumed a Letter of Credit Commitment after the Restatement Effective Date, the amount set forth for such Issuing Bank as its Letter of Credit Commitment in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent. The Letter of Credit Commitment of an Issuing Bank may be modified from time to time by agreement between such Issuing Bank and the Borrower, and notified to the Administrative Agent. 
 Liabilities means any losses, claims (including intraparty claims), demands, damages or liabilities of any kind. 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement, including schedules and exhibits hereto, and any agreements entered into in connection herewith by the Borrower with or in favor of the Administrative Agent and or the Lenders, including any promissory notes issued pursuant to Section 2.10(e), any amendments, modifications or supplements thereto or waivers thereof, UCC filings, letter of credit applications and any agreements between the Borrower and an Issuing Bank regarding the issuance by such Issuing Bank of Letters of Credit hereunder and or the respective rights and obligations between the Borrower and such Issuing Bank in connection thereunder and any other documents instruments or certificates delivered by the Borrower pursuant to the terms of any other Loan Document. Any reference in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to a Loan Document shall include all appendices, exhibits or schedules thereto, and all amendments, restatements, supplements or other modifications thereto, and shall refer to this Agreement or such Loan Document as the same may be in effect at any and all times such reference becomes operative. 
 Loans means the loans made by the Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Margin Stock means margin stock within the meaning of Regulations T, U and X, as applicable. 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the operations, the business or financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Borrower to perform any of its Obligations or (c) the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any and all other Loan Documents or the rights or remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders thereunder. 
 Maturity Date means, with respect to any Lender, the later of (a) November 3, 2026 and (b) if the maturity date is extended for such Lender pursuant to Section 2.22, such extended maturity date as determined pursuant to such Section provided , however , in each case, if such date is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Business Day. 
 Maximum Rate has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.16. 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 
 Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. 
 Non-extending Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(a). 
 NW Natural means Northwest Natural Gas Company, an Oregon corporation. 
 NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 NYFRB s Website means the website of the NYFRB at http www.newyorkfed.org or any successor source. 
 15 

NYFRB Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day) provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11 00 a.m. on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it provided, further, that if any of the aforesaid rates as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Obligations means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any debtor relief laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed or allowable claims in such proceeding. Without limiting the foregoing, the Obligations include (a) the obligation to pay principal, interest, Letter of Credit commissions, charges, expenses, fees, indemnities and other amounts payable by the Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) the obligation of the Borrower to reimburse any amount in respect of any of the foregoing that the Administrative Agent or any Lender, in each case in its sole discretion, may elect to pay or advance on behalf of the Borrower. 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury. 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan, Letter of Credit or Loan Document). 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.19). 
 Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurodollar transactions denominated in Dollars by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on the NYFRB s Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate. 
 Participant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c). 
 Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c). 
 Patriot Act has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.14. 
 Payment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.06(c). 
 Payment Notice has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.06(c). 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. 
 16 

Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 
 Plan Asset Regulations means 29 CFR 2510.3-101 et seq., as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
 Platform has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.02. 
 Pricing Certificate means a certificate executed by the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, treasurer, controller or any vice president of the Borrower and attaching (a) true and correct copies of the KPI Metrics Report for the most recently ended Reference Year and setting forth the Sustainability Rate Adjustment and the Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment for the period covered thereby and computations in reasonable detail in respect thereof and (b) a review report of the Sustainability Assurance Provider confirming that the Sustainability Assurance Provider is not aware of any modifications that should be made to such computations in order for them to be presented in all material respects in conformity with the KPI Metric Calculation Methodology. 
 Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.08(d). 
 Prime Rate means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective. 
 Proceeding means any claim, litigation, investigation, action, suit, arbitration or administrative, judicial or regulatory action or proceeding in any jurisdiction. 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 Public Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.02. 
 Recipient means (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender and (c) any Issuing Bank, as applicable. 
 Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR Rate, 5 00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (2) if, following a Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate, such Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, then four (4) Business Days prior to such setting and (3) if such Benchmark is not the Term SOFR Rate or Daily Simple SOFR, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Reference Year means, with respect to any Pricing Certificate, the fiscal year ending immediately prior to the date of such Pricing Certificate. 
 Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b). 
 17 

Regulation D means Regulation D of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Regulation T means Regulation T of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Regulation U means Regulation U of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Regulation X means Regulation X of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and representatives of such Person and such Person s Affiliates. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board or the NYFRB, or, in each case, any successor thereto. 
 Relevant Rate means (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or (ii) with respect to any RFR Borrowing following a Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, as applicable. 
 Reportable Event means a reportable event, as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA and the regulations issued under such section, with respect to a Plan, excluding any event as to which the PBGC by regulation waived the requirements of Section 4043(a) of ERISA that it be notified within 30 days of the occurrence of such event, provided that a failure to meet the minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Code and of Section 302 of ERISA shall be a Reportable Event regardless of the issuance of any such waiver of the notice requirement in accordance with either Section 4043(a) of ERISA or Section 412(c) of the Code. 
 Replacement Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(c). 
 Required Lenders means, subject to Section 2.21, at any time, Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments representing more than 50 of the sum of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure and unused Commitments at such time. 
 Requirement of Law means, as to any Person, the certificate of incorporation and bylaws or other organizational or governing documents of such Person, and any law, treaty, rule or regulation or order or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Response Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(a). 
 Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, the president, any senior vice president, the chief financial officer, the chief accounting officer, the treasurer or the general counsel of the Borrower. 
 Restatement Effective Date means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02). 
 18 

Revolving Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans and its LC Exposure at such time. 
 Revolving Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.03. 
 RFR Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the RFR Loans comprising such Borrowing. 
 RFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR. 
 S&P means Standard & Poor s Ratings Services, a Standard & Poor s Financial Services LLC business. 
 Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory (other than the United States or any region or territory therein) which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (at the time of this Agreement, the so-called Donetsk People s Republic, the so-called Luhansk People s Republic, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria). 
 Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, His Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom, or other relevant sanctions authority, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b), or (d) any Person otherwise the subject of any Sanctions. 
 Sanctions means all economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, His Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority. 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States of America. 
 Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933. 
 Significant Subsidiary means a Subsidiary that is a significant subsidiary as that term is defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC (as in effect on the Restatement Effective Date). 
 SOFR means, a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 
 SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the NYFRB s Website, currently at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 SOFR Determination Date has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 
 SOFR Rate Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 
 subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the parent at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or 
 19 

other ownership interests representing more than 50 of the equity or more than 50 of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50 of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, Controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled, by the parent and or one or more subsidiaries of the parent. 
 Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Borrower. 
 Sustainability Assurance Provider means PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, or any replacement sustainability assurance provider thereof as designated from time to time by the Borrower provided, that, any such replacement Sustainability Assurance Provider (a) shall be (i) a qualified external reviewer, independent of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, with relevant expertise, such as an auditor, environmental consultant and or independent ratings agency of recognized national standing or (ii) another firm designated by the Borrower and approved by the Required Lenders, and (b) shall apply substantially the same attestation standards and methodology used in the KPI Metric Calculation Methodologies, except for any changes to such standards and or methodology that are approved by the Borrower and either (x) are consistent with then generally accepted industry standards or (y) if not so consistent, are approved by the Required Lenders. 
 Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment means, with respect to any KPI Metrics Report for any period between Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Dates, an amount (whether positive, negative or zero), expressed as a percentage, equal to the sum of (a) the Carbon Savings KPI Facility Fee Adjustment Amount (whether positive, negative or zero), plus (b) the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Facility Fee Adjustment Amount (whether positive, negative or zero), in each case for such period. 
 Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Date has the meaning specified in Section 1.08(a). 
 Sustainability Rate Adjustment with respect to any KPI Metrics Report for any period between Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Dates, an amount (whether positive, negative or zero), expressed as a percentage, equal to the sum of (a) the Carbon Savings KPI Applicable Rate Adjustment Amount (whether positive, negative or zero), plus (b) the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Applicable Rate Adjustment Amount (whether positive, negative or zero), in each case for such period. 
 Sustainability Report means the annual non-financial disclosure report reported by the Borrower (it being understood that this report may take the form of the Borrower s annual Environmental, Social and Governance Report, a separate sustainability report or a separate report regarding only the KPI Metrics) and published on an Internet or intranet website to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have been granted access free of charge (or at the expense of the Borrower). 
 Sustainability Structuring Agent means J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, in its capacity as sustainability structuring agent hereunder. 
 Sustainability Table means the Sustainability Table set forth on Schedule 1.08 hereto. 
 Swap Agreement means any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, future or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Borrower or the Subsidiaries shall be a Swap Agreement. 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), value added taxes, or any other goods and services, use or sales taxes, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 20 

Term Benchmark when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate. 
 Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate. 
 Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5 00 a.m., Chicago time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator. 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day ), with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and identified by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5 00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then so long as such day is otherwise a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. 
 Total Capitalization means the sum of Indebtedness, Equity Interests, additional paid-in capital and retained earnings of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken on a consolidated basis after eliminating all intercompany items. 
 Total Revolving Credit Exposure means the sum of the outstanding principal amount of all Lenders Revolving Loans and their LC Exposure at such time. 
 Transactions means the execution and delivery by the Borrower of, and the performance by the Borrower of its obligations under, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the borrowing of Loans and other credit extensions, the use of the proceeds thereof and the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder. 
 Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI means miles of NW Natural s transmission pipeline that are inspected using the in-line inspection approach, as determined and calculated by NW Natural using the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Calculation Methodology. 
 Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Calculation Methodology means the calculation methodology used by NW Natural to report 42 miles of transmission pipeline inspected in NW Natural s U.S. DOT PHMSA Annual Report for the calendar year 2020, a copy of which report has been delivered to the Administrative Agent, the Sustainability Structuring Agent and the Lenders prior to the Closing Date, and as identified in the Baseline column of the Sustainability Table. 
 Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Applicable Rate Adjustment Amount means, with respect to any period between Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Dates, (a) positive 0.020 , if the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is less than the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Threshold B for such period, (b) 0.000 , if the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is more than or equal to the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Threshold B for such period but less than the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Target B for such period, and (c) negative 0.020 , if the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is more than or equal to Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Target B for such period. 
 21 

Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Facility Fee Adjustment Amount means, with respect to any period between Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Dates, (a) positive 0.005 , if the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is less than the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Threshold B for such period, (b) 0.000 , if the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is more than or equal to the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Threshold B for such period but less than the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Target B for such period, and (c) negative 0.005 , if the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is more than or equal to Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Target B for such period. 
 Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Target B means, with respect to any calendar year, the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Target B for such calendar year as set forth in the Sustainability Table. 
 Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Threshold B means, with respect to any Reference Year, the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Threshold B for such Reference Year as set forth in the Sustainability Table. 
 Type , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or the Alternate Base Rate. 
 UK Financial Institutions means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 U.S. Person means a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(B)(3). 
 Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part 1 of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a 
 22 

right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 SECTION 1.02 Classification of Loans and Borrowings . For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Type e.g ., a Term Benchmark Loan or an RFR Loan ). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Type e.g ., a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing ). 
 SECTION 1.03 Terms Generally . The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . The word law shall be construed as referring to all statutes, rules, regulations, codes and other laws (including official rulings and interpretations thereunder having the force of law or with which affected Persons customarily comply), and all judgments, orders and decrees, of all Governmental Authorities. Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns (subject to any restrictions on assignment set forth herein) and, in the case of any Governmental Authority, any other Governmental Authority that shall have succeeded to any or all functions thereof, (c) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement, (e) any reference to any law, rule or regulation herein shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law, rule or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time and (f) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
 SECTION 1.04 Accounting Terms GAAP Pro Forma Calculations . (a) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time provided that, if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made without giving effect to (i) any election under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 825 (or any other Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Borrower or any Subsidiary at fair value , as defined therein and (ii) any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof. 
 (b) All pro forma computations required to be made hereunder giving effect to any acquisition or disposition, or issuance, incurrence or assumption of Indebtedness, or other transaction shall in each case be calculated giving pro forma effect thereto (and, in the case of any pro forma computation made hereunder to determine whether such acquisition or disposition, or issuance, incurrence or assumption of Indebtedness, or other transaction is permitted to be consummated hereunder, to any other such transaction consummated since the first day of the period covered by any component of such 
 23 

pro forma computation and on or prior to the date of such computation) as if such transaction had occurred on the first day of the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ending with the most recent fiscal quarter for which financial statements shall have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or 5.01(b) (or, prior to the delivery of any such financial statements, ending with the last fiscal quarter included in the financial statements referred to in Section 3.03(a)), and, to the extent applicable, to the historical earnings and cash flows associated with the assets acquired or disposed of (but without giving effect to any synergies or cost savings) and any related incurrence or reduction of Indebtedness, all in accordance with Article 11 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act. If any Indebtedness bears a floating rate of interest and is being given pro forma effect, the interest on such Indebtedness shall be calculated as if the rate in effect on the date of determination had been the applicable rate for the entire period (taking into account any Swap Agreement applicable to such Indebtedness). 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 1.04(a), any change in accounting for leases pursuant to GAAP resulting from the adoption of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) FAS 842 ), to the extent such adoption would require treating any lease (or similar arrangement conveying the right to use) as a capital lease where such lease (or similar arrangement) would not have been required to be so treated under GAAP as in effect on December 31, 2015, such lease shall not be considered a capital lease, and all calculations (including with respect to assets and liabilities associated with such lease) and deliverables under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be made or delivered, as applicable, in accordance therewith. 
 SECTION 1.05 Interest Rates Benchmark Notification . The interest rate on a Loan denominated in Dollars may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, Section 2.14(b) provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission, performance or any other matter related to any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof, including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates and or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other Person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 SECTION 1.06 Divisions . For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws) (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized and acquired on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 
 SECTION 1.07 Amendment and Restatement . 
 (a) The parties to this Agreement agree that, on the Restatement Effective Date, the terms and provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement shall be and hereby are amended, superseded and restated in their entirety by the terms and provisions of this Agreement. Neither the execution, delivery and acceptance of this Agreement nor any of the terms, covenants, conditions or other provisions set forth 
 24 

herein are intended, nor shall they be deemed or construed, to effect a novation of any liens or indebtedness or other obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) or to pay, extinguish, release, satisfy or discharge (i) all or any part of the indebtedness or other obligations evidenced by the Existing Credit Agreement, (ii) the liability of any Person under the Existing Credit Agreement or the Loan Documents (as defined under the Existing Credit Agreement) executed and delivered in connection therewith or (iii) the liability of any Person with respect to the Existing Credit Agreement or any indebtedness or other obligations evidenced thereby. All Loans made, and Obligations incurred, under the Existing Credit Agreement which are outstanding on the Restatement Effective Date (and not terminated or otherwise repaid with the proceeds of any Loans made hereunder on the Restatement Effective Date) shall be re-evidenced as Loans and Obligations, respectively, under (and shall be governed by the terms of) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 (b) Without limiting the foregoing, upon the effectiveness of the amendment and restatement contemplated hereby on the Restatement Effective Date and except as otherwise expressly provided herein 
 (i) all references in the Loan Documents (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) to the Administrative Agent , the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents shall be deemed to refer to the Administrative Agent, this Agreement and the Loan Documents 
 (ii) the Commitments and the Letter of Credit Commitments (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) shall continue as Commitments and Letter of Credit Commitments, respectively, hereunder as set forth on the applicable Commitment Schedule 
 (iii) the Loans (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement, if any, shall continue as Loans hereunder 
 (iv) the Administrative Agent shall make such reallocations, sales, assignments or other relevant actions in respect of the applicable Commitments and Revolving Credit Exposure (each as defined in and in effect under the Existing Credit Agreement) as are necessary in order that each Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure hereunder reflects such Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof on the Restatement Effective Date (and in no event exceeds each such Lender s Commitment hereunder), and the Borrower and each Lender that was a Lender under the Existing Credit Agreement (constituting the Required Lenders under and as defined therein) hereby agrees (with effect immediately prior to the Restatement Effective Date) that (x) such reallocation, sales and assignments shall be deemed to have been effected by way of, and subject to the terms and conditions of, Assignment and Assumptions, without the payment of any related assignment fee, and no other documents or instruments shall be, or shall be required to be, executed in connection with such assignments (all of which are hereby waived), (y) such reallocation shall satisfy the assignment provisions of Section 9.04 of the Existing Credit Agreement and (z) in connection with such reallocation, sales, assignments or other relevant actions, the Borrower shall pay all interest and fees outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement and accrued to the date hereof to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders party hereto, together with any losses, costs and expenses incurred by Lenders under Section 2.16 of the Existing Credit Agreement and 
 (v) each of the signatories hereto that is also a party to the Existing Credit Agreement hereby consents to any of the actions described in the foregoing clause (iv) and agrees that any and all required notices and required notice periods under the Existing Credit Agreement in connection with any of the actions described in the foregoing clause (iv) on the Restatement Effective Date are hereby waived and of no force and effect. 
 SECTION 1.08 Sustainability Adjustments . 
 (a) Following the date on which the Borrower provides a Pricing Certificate in respect of any Reference Year, (i) the per annum rates set forth under the captions Term Benchmark Spread (including with respect to the Letter of Credit fees payable pursuant to Section 2.12(b)(i)) and 
 25 

ABR Spread in the definition of Applicable Rate shall be increased or decreased (or neither increased nor decreased), as applicable, pursuant to the Sustainability Rate Adjustment as set forth in such Pricing Certificate, and (ii) the per annum rates set forth under the caption Facility Fee Rate in the definition of Applicable Rate shall be increased or decreased (or neither increased nor decreased), as applicable, pursuant to the Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment as set forth in such Pricing Certificate. For purposes of the foregoing, (A) the Sustainability Rate Adjustment and the Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment shall be determined as of the fifth Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent of a Pricing Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 1.08(f) based upon the KPI Metrics set forth in such Pricing Certificate and the calculations of the Sustainability Rate Adjustment and the Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment, therein (such day, the Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Date and (B) each change in the Applicable Rate resulting from a Pricing Certificate shall be effective during the period commencing on and including the applicable Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Date and ending on the date immediately preceding the next such Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Date (or, in the case of non-delivery of a Pricing Certificate, the last day such Pricing Certificate could have been delivered pursuant to the terms of Section 1.08(f)). 
 (b) For the avoidance of doubt, only one Pricing Certificate may be delivered in respect of any Reference Year. It is further understood and agreed that the per annum rates set forth under the captions Term Benchmark Spread (including with respect to the Letter of Credit fees payable pursuant to Section 2.12(b)(i)) and ABR Spread in the definition of Applicable Rate will never be reduced or increased by more than 0.040 and that the per annum rates set forth under the caption Facility Fee Rate in the definition of Applicable Rate will never be reduced or increased by more than 0.010 , pursuant to the Sustainability Rate Adjustment and the Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment, respectively, during any Reference Year. For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment to the Applicable Rate shall not be cumulative year-over-year. Each applicable adjustment shall only apply until the date on which the next adjustment is due to take place. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Sustainability Rate Adjustment and the Sustainability Fee Adjustment shall be 0.000 at all times from and after June 30, 2027. 
 (c) It is hereby understood and agreed that if no such Pricing Certificate is delivered by the Borrower with regard to a particular Reference Year within the period set forth in Section 1.08(f), the Sustainability Rate Adjustment will be positive 0.040 and the Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment will be positive 0.010 commencing on the last day such Pricing Certificate could have been delivered pursuant to the terms of Section 1.08(f) and continuing until the Borrower delivers Pricing Certificate to the Administrative Agent for the applicable Reference Year. 
 (d) If (i)(A) the Borrower or any Lender becomes aware of any material inaccuracy in the Sustainability Rate Adjustment, the Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment or the KPI Metrics as reported in a Pricing Certificate (any such material inaccuracy, a Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy and, in the case of any Lender, such Lender delivers, not later than 10 Business Days after obtaining knowledge thereof, a written notice to the Administrative Agent describing such Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy in reasonable detail (which description shall be shared with each Lender and the Borrower), or (B) the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall mutually agree that there was a Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy at the time of delivery of a Pricing Certificate, and (ii) a proper calculation of the Sustainability Rate Adjustment, Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment or the KPI Metrics would have resulted in an increase in the Applicable Rate for any period, the Borrower shall be obligated to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Lenders or the applicable L C Issuers, as the case may be, promptly on demand by the Administrative Agent (or, after the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to any Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code (or any comparable event under non-U.S. Debtor Relief Laws), automatically and without further action by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L C Issuer), but in any event within 10 Business Days after the Borrower has received written notice of, or has agreed in writing that there was, a Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy, an amount equal to the excess of (1) the amount of interest and fees that should have been paid for such period over (2) the amount of interest and fees actually paid for such period. 
 (e) It is understood and agreed that any Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy shall not constitute a Default or Event of Default provided, that, the Borrower complies with the terms of the immediately preceding paragraph with respect to such Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy. Notwithstanding 
 26 

anything to the contrary herein, unless such amounts shall be due upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to a Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code (or any comparable event under non-U.S. Debtor Relief Laws), (a) any additional amounts required to be paid pursuant to the immediately preceding paragraph shall not be due and payable until the earlier to occur of (i) a written demand is made for such payment by the Administrative Agent in accordance with such paragraph or (ii) 10 Business Days after the Borrower has received written notice of, or has agreed in writing that there was, a Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy (such date, the Certificate Inaccuracy Payment Date ), (b) any nonpayment of such additional amounts prior to the Certificate Inaccuracy Payment Date shall not constitute a Default (whether retroactively or otherwise) and (c) none of such additional amounts shall be deemed overdue prior to the Certificate Inaccuracy Payment Date or shall accrue interest at the Default Rate prior to the Certificate Inaccuracy Payment Date. 
 (f) Each party hereto hereby agrees that neither the Sustainability Structuring Agent nor the Administrative Agent shall have any responsibility for (or liability in respect of) reviewing, auditing or otherwise evaluating any calculation by the Borrower of any Sustainability Rate Adjustment or Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment (or any of the data or computations that are part of or related to any such calculation) set forth in any Pricing Certificate (and the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may rely conclusively on any such certificate, without further inquiry). 
 (g) As soon as available and in any event within 180 days following the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower (commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021), the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, in form and detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders a Pricing Certificate for the most recently-ended Reference Year provided, that, for any Reference Year the Borrower may elect not to deliver a Pricing Certificate, and such election shall not constitute a Default or Event of Default (but such failure to so deliver a Pricing Certificate by the end of such 180-day period shall result in the Sustainability Rate Adjustment being applied as set forth in Section 1.08(c). 
 SECTION 1.09 Letter of Credit Amounts . Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the amount of such Letter of Credit available to be drawn at such time provided that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Letter of Credit Agreement related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the available amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum amount is available to be drawn at such time. 
 ARTICLE II The Credits 
 SECTION 2.01 Commitments . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender (severally and not jointly) agrees to make Revolving Loans to the Borrower in Dollars from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result (after giving effect to any application of proceeds of such Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.10) in (a) such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such Lender s Commitment or (b) the Total Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding the Aggregate Commitment. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Revolving Loans. 
 SECTION 2.02 Loans and Borrowings . (a) Each Revolving Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Revolving Loans made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender s failure to make Loans as required. 
 (b) Subject to Section 2.14, each Revolving Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans, Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith. Each Lender at its option may make any Term Benchmark Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan (and in the case of an Affiliate, the 
 27 

provisions of Sections 2.14, 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 shall apply to such Affiliate to the same extent as to such Lender) provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (c) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 thereof. At the time that each ABR Revolving Borrowing and or RFR Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 provided that an ABR Revolving Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the Aggregate Commitment or that is required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e). Borrowings of more than one Type may be outstanding at the same time provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of eight (8) Term Benchmark Borrowings or RFR Borrowings outstanding. 
 (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date. 
 SECTION 2.03 Requests for Revolving Borrowings . To request a Revolving Borrowing, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by submitting a Borrowing Request (a)(i) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (ii) in the case of an RFR Borrowing, not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (b) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 1 00 p.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing provided that any such notice of an ABR Revolving Borrowing to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e) may be given not later than 10 00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing. Each such Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and shall be signed by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower. Each such Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 
 (i) the aggregate principal amount of the requested Borrowing 
 (ii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day 
 (iii) whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing, a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing 
 (iv) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period and 
 (v) the location and number of the Borrower s account to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of Section 2.07. 
 If no election as to the Type of Revolving Borrowing is specified, then the requested Revolving Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender s Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Borrower be permitted to request pursuant to this Section 2.03 an RFR Loan bearing interest based on Daily Simple SOFR prior to a Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate (it being understood and agreed that Daily Simple SOFR shall only apply to the extent provided in Sections 2.14(a) and 2.14(f). 
 28 

SECTION 2.04 Intentionally Omitted . 
 SECTION 2.05 Intentionally Omitted . 
 SECTION 2.06 Letters of Credit . (a) General . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may request the issuance of Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars as the applicant thereof for the support of its or its Subsidiaries obligations, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any Letter of Credit Agreement, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Issuing Bank shall have any obligation hereunder to issue, and shall not issue, any Letter of Credit the proceeds of which would be made available to any Person (i) to fund any activity or business of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of any Sanctions, (ii) in any manner that would result in a violation of any Sanctions by any party to this Agreement or (iii) in any manner that would result in a violation of one or more policies of such Issuing Bank applicable to letters of credit generally. 
 (b) Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Renewal, Extension Certain Conditions . To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower shall hand deliver or telecopy (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the applicable Issuing Bank) to the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent (reasonably in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, but in any event no less than three (3) Business Days) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit. In addition, as a condition to any such Letter of Credit issuance, the Borrower shall have entered into a continuing agreement (or other letter of credit agreement) for the issuance of letters of credit and or shall submit a letter of credit application, in each case, as required by the applicable Issuing Bank and using such Issuing Bank s standard form (each, a Letter of Credit Agreement ). A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (i) (x) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit issued by any Issuing Bank at such time plus (y) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements made by such Issuing Bank that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time shall not exceed such Issuing Bank s Letter of Credit Commitment, (ii) the LC Exposure shall not exceed 40,000,000, (iii) no Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure shall exceed its Commitment, and (iv) the Total Revolving Credit Exposure shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitment. The Borrower may, at any time and from time to time, reduce the Letter of Credit Commitment of any Issuing Bank with the consent of such Issuing Bank provided that the Borrower shall not reduce the Letter of Credit Commitment of any Issuing Bank if, after giving effect of such reduction, the conditions set forth in clauses (i) through (iv) above shall not be satisfied. 
 An Issuing Bank shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if 
 (i) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such Issuing Bank from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any law applicable to such Issuing Bank shall prohibit, or require that such Issuing Bank refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital or liquidity requirement (for which such Issuing Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Restatement Effective Date, or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense that was not applicable on the Restatement Effective Date and that such Issuing Bank in good faith deems material to it or 
 29 

(ii) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of such Issuing Bank applicable to letters of credit generally. 
 (c) Expiration Date . Each Letter of Credit shall expire (or be subject to termination by notice from the applicable Issuing Bank to the beneficiary thereof) at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of (i) the date one year after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any renewal or extension thereof, one year after such renewal or extension) and (ii) the date that is five (5) Business Days prior to the Maturity Date. 
 (d) Participations . By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action on the part of the applicable Issuing Bank or the Lenders, such Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Lender, and each Lender hereby acquires from such Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of such Issuing Bank, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by such Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Borrower on the date due as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section, or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. 
 (e) Reimbursement . If any Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent in Dollars the amount equal to such LC Disbursement, calculated as of the date such Issuing Bank made such LC Disbursement not later than 12 00 noon, New York City time, on the date that such LC Disbursement is made, if the Borrower shall have received notice of such LC Disbursement prior to 10 00 a.m., New York City time, on such date, or, if such notice has not been received by the Borrower prior to such time on such date, then not later than 12 00 noon, New York City time, on the Business Day immediately following the day that the Borrower receives such notice, if such notice is not received prior to such time on the day of receipt provided that the Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 that such payment be financed with an ABR Revolving Borrowing in an equivalent amount of such LC Disbursement and, to the extent so financed, the Borrower s obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Revolving Borrowing. If the Borrower fails to make such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due from the Borrower in respect thereof and such Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof. Promptly following receipt of such notice, each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent its Applicable Percentage of the payment then due from the Borrower, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to such Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Borrower pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to such Issuing Bank or, to the extent that Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse such Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and such Issuing Bank as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse such Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement (other than the funding of an ABR Revolving Loan as contemplated above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement. 
 (f) Obligations Absolute . The Borrower s obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit, any Letter of Credit Agreement or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein, (ii) any draft 
 30 

or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) payment by any Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, or (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrower s obligations hereunder. Neither the Administrative Agent, the Lenders nor the Issuing Banks, nor any of their Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the applicable Issuing Bank provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse such Issuing Bank from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by such Issuing Bank s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of an Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction), such Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. 
 (g) Disbursement Procedures . The applicable Issuing Bank shall, promptly following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit. Such Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower by telephone (confirmed by telecopy or electronic mail) of such demand for payment and whether such Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank and the Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement. 
 (h) Interim Interest . If such Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the reimbursement is due and payable, at the rate per annum then applicable to ABR Revolving Loans and such interest shall be due and payable on the date when such reimbursement is payable provided that, if the Borrower fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section, then Section 2.13(d) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of such Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section to reimburse such Issuing Bank shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment. 
 (i) Replacement and Resignation of Issuing Bank . 
 (i) Any Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Bank and the successor Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of an Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.12(b). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of the replaced Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Bank 
 31 

shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit then outstanding and issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit or extend or otherwise amend any existing Letter of Credit. 
 (ii) Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Issuing Bank, any Issuing Bank may resign as an Issuing Bank at any time upon thirty days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders, in which case, such resigning Issuing Bank shall be replaced in accordance with Section 2.06(i)(i) above. 
 (j) Cash Collateralization . If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50 of the total LC Exposure) demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph, the Borrower shall deposit in an account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Lenders (the LC Collateral Account ), an amount in cash equal to 100 of the amount of the LC Exposure as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon provided that the obligation to deposit such cash collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower described in Section 7.01(h) or (i). Such deposit shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the Obligations. The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account and the Borrower hereby grants to the Administrative Agent a security interest in the LC Collateral Account. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and at the Borrower s risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account. Moneys in such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse any applicable Issuing Bank for LC Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower for the LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50 of the total LC Exposure), be applied to satisfy other Obligations. If the Borrower is required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower within three (3) Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived. 
 (k) Letters of Credit Issued for Account of Subsidiaries . Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder supports any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, or states that a Subsidiary is the account party, applicant, customer, instructing party, or the like of or for such Letter of Credit, and without derogating from any rights of the applicable Issuing Bank (whether arising by contract, at law, in equity or otherwise) against such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit, the Borrower (i) shall reimburse, indemnify and compensate the applicable Issuing Bank hereunder for such Letter of Credit (including to reimburse any and all drawings thereunder) as if such Letter of Credit had been issued solely for the account of the Borrower and (ii) irrevocably waives any and all defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of any or all of the obligations of such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of such Letters of Credit for its Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrower s business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries. 
 (l) Issuing Bank Agreements . Unless otherwise requested by the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank shall report in writing to the Administrative Agent (i) promptly following the end of each calendar month, the aggregate amount of Letters of Credit issued by it and outstanding at the end of such month, (ii) on or prior to each Business Day on which such Issuing Bank expects to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit, the date of such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, and the aggregate face amount of the Letter of Credit to be issued, amended, renewed or extended by it and outstanding after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension occurred (and 
 32 

whether the amount thereof changed), it being understood that such Issuing Bank shall not permit any issuance, renewal, extension or amendment resulting in an increase in the amount of any Letter of Credit to occur without first obtaining written confirmation from the Administrative Agent that it is then permitted under this Agreement, (iii) on each Business Day on which such Issuing Bank makes any payment under any Letter of Credit, the date of such payment under such Letter of Credit and the amount of such payment, (iv) on any Business Day on which the Borrower fails to reimburse any payment under any Letter of Credit required to be reimbursed to such Issuing Bank on such day, the date of such failure and the amount of such payment and (v) on any other Business Day, such other information as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request. 
 SECTION 2.07 Funding of Borrowings . (a) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof solely by wire transfer of immediately available funds by 12 00 noon, New York City time (or, with respect to any ABR Borrowing, the Borrowing Request for which shall have been received after 10 00 a.m. but at or before 1 00 p.m., New York City time, by 3 00 p.m., New York City time), to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders. Except in respect of the provisions of this Agreement covering the reimbursement of Letters of Credit, the Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly making available the funds so received in the aforesaid account of the Administrative Agent by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account of the Borrower designated by the Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request provided that ABR Revolving Loans made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.06(e) shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the applicable Issuing Bank. 
 (b) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to ABR Loans. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing. 
 SECTION 2.08 Interest Elections . (a) Each Revolving Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. 
 (b) To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Borrower were requesting a Revolving Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be signed by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower. Notwithstanding any contrary provision herein, this Section shall not be construed to permit the Borrower to elect an Interest Period for Term Benchmark Loans that does not comply with Section 2.02(d). 
 (c) Each Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 
 33 

(i) the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing) 
 (ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day 
 (iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing and 
 (iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which Interest Period shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period . 
 If any such Interest Election Request requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Borrower be permitted to request an RFR Loan bearing interest based on Daily Simple SOFR prior to a Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate (it being understood and agreed that Daily Simple SOFR shall only apply to the extent provided in Sections 2.14(a) and 2.14(f). 
 (d) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing. 
 (e) If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no outstanding Revolving Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a Term Benchmark Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto. 
 (f) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary, interest on all Term Benchmark Loans outstanding immediately prior to the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date shall continue to accrue and be paid based upon the LIBO Rate applicable pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement immediately prior to the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date solely until the expiration of the current Interest Period (as defined in the Credit Agreement immediately prior to the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date and taking into account any grace periods or extensions of such Interest Period approved immediately prior to the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date) applicable thereto (at which time such Term Benchmark Loans may be reborrowed as Term Benchmark Borrowings or converted to ABR Borrowings in accordance with this section 2.08) provided , however, that from and after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, the Applicable Rate to be applied to any such Term Benchmark Loans shall be based on the Applicable Rate for Term Benchmark Loans after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date. 
 SECTION 2.09 Termination and Reduction of Commitments . (a) Unless previously terminated, the Commitments shall terminate on the Maturity Date. 
 (b) The Borrower may at any time terminate, or from time to time reduce, the Commitments provided that (i) each reduction of the Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 and not less than 5,000,000 and (ii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.11, the Total Revolving Credit Exposure would exceed the Aggregate Commitment. 
 34 

(c) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments under paragraph (b) of this Section at least three (3) Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable provided that a notice of termination of the Commitments delivered by the Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities or other transactions specified therein, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Commitments shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments. 
 SECTION 2.10 Repayment of Loans Evidence of Debt . (a) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan on the Maturity Date. 
 (b) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender s share thereof. 
 (d) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (e) Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in a form approved by the Administrative Agent. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form. 
 SECTION 2.11 Prepayment of Loans . The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject to prior notice in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.11. The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent by telephone (confirmed by telecopy or electronic mail) of any prepayment hereunder (i) in the case of prepayment of (x) a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, three (3) Business Days before the date of prepayment or (y) an RFR Revolving Borrowing , not later than 11 00 a.m. New York City time, five (5) Business Days before the date of prepayment, (ii) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Revolving Borrowing, not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, one (1) Business Day before the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid provided that, if a notice of prepayment is given in connection with a conditional notice of termination of the Commitments as contemplated by Section 2.09, then such notice of prepayment may be revoked if such notice of termination is revoked in accordance with Section 2.09. Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to a Revolving Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Revolving Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Revolving Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02. Each prepayment of a Revolving Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by (i) accrued interest to the extent 
 35 

required by Section 2.13 and (ii) break funding payments pursuant to Section 2.16. If at any time the sum of the aggregate principal amount of all of the Revolving Credit Exposures exceeds the Aggregate Commitment, the Borrower shall immediately repay Borrowings or cash collateralize LC Exposure in an account with the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.06(j), as applicable, in an aggregate principal amount sufficient to cause the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving Credit Exposures to be less than or equal to the Aggregate Commitment. 
 SECTION 2.12 Fees . (a) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a facility fee, which shall accrue at the Applicable Rate on the daily amount of the Commitment of such Lender (whether used or unused) during the period from and including the Restatement Effective Date to but excluding the date on which such Commitment terminates provided that, if such Lender continues to have any Revolving Credit Exposure after its Commitment terminates, then such facility fee shall continue to accrue on the daily amount of such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure from and including the date on which its Commitment terminates to but excluding the date on which such Lender ceases to have any Revolving Credit Exposure. Facility fees accrued through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be payable in arrears on the fifteenth day following the such last day and on the date on which the Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof provided that any facility fees accruing after the date on which the Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. All facility fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 
 (b) The Borrower agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a participation fee with respect to its participations in Letters of Credit, which shall accrue at the same Applicable Rate used to determine the interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Revolving Loans on the average daily amount of such Lender s LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the period from and including the Restatement Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lender s Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure and (ii) to each Issuing Bank for its own account a fronting fee, which shall accrue at the rate or rates per annum separately agreed upon between the Borrower and such Issuing Bank on the average daily amount of the LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) attributable to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank during the period from and including the Restatement Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date of termination of the Commitments and the date on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure, as well as such Issuing Bank s standard fees and commissions with respect to the issuance, amendment, cancellation, negotiation, transfer, presentment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder. Participation fees and fronting fees accrued through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be payable on the fifteenth day following such last day, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Restatement Effective Date provided that all such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after the date on which the Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. Any other fees payable to any Issuing Bank pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable within ten (10) days after demand. All participation fees and fronting fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 
 (c) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 (d) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent (or to an Issuing Bank, in the case of fees payable to it) for distribution, in the case of facility fees and participation fees, to the Lenders. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances. 
 SECTION 2.13 Interest . (a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. 
 36 

(b) The Loans comprising each Term Benchmark Borrowing shall bear interest at the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (c) Each RFR Loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest on any Loan or any fee or other amount payable by the Borrower hereunder is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal of any Loan, 2 plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of any other amount, 2 plus the rate applicable to ABR Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section. 
 (e) Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan and, in the case of Revolving Loans, upon termination of the Commitments provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Revolving Loan prior to the end of the Availability Period), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Term Benchmark Revolving Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 
 (f) All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest computed by reference to the Alternate Base Rate at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). The applicable Alternate Base Rate, Term SOFR Rate, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or Daily Simple SOFR shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 SECTION 2.14 Alternate Rate of Interest . 
 (a) Subject to clauses (b) (c), (d), (e), and (f) of this Section 2.14, if 
 (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate (including because the Term SOFR Reference Rate is not available or published on a current basis), for such Interest Period or (B) at any time, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or 
 (ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Loans included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period or (B) at any time, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Loans included in such Borrowing 
 then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by telephone, telecopy or electronic mail as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.08 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, (1) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing and any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing, such Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be an Interest 
 37 

Election Request or a Borrowing Request, as applicable, for (x) an RFR Borrowing so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not also the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR also is the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above and (2) any Borrowing Request that requests an RFR Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be a Borrowing Request, as applicable, for an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR also is the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above provided that if the circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only one Type of Borrowings, then all other Types of Borrowings shall be permitted. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 2.14(a) with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not also the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR also is the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above, on such day, and (2) any such RFR Loan shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute an ABR Loan. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document (and any Swap Agreement shall be deemed not to be a Loan Document for purposes of this Section 2.14), if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (d) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (e) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.14, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.14. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the 
 38 

then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 (f) Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to (A) an RFR Borrowing so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (B) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of ABR based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of ABR. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement is implemented pursuant to this Section 2.14, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event, on such date and (2) any such RFR Loan shall on and from such day, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute an ABR Loan. 
 SECTION 2.15 Increased Costs . (a) If any Change in Law shall 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender or any Issuing Bank 
 (ii) impose on any Lender or any Issuing Bank or the applicable offshore interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein or 
 (iii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Recipient of making, continuing, converting into or maintaining any Loan or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan or to increase the cost to such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient hereunder, whether of principal, interest or otherwise, then the Borrower will pay to such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender, such 
 39 

Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
 (b) If any Lender or any Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s policies and the policies of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 (c) A certificate of a Lender or an Issuing Bank setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. 
 (d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or any Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s right to demand such compensation provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or an Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 270 days prior to the date that such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s intention to claim compensation therefor provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 270-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 SECTION 2.16 Break Funding Payments . With respect to Loans that are not RFR Loans, in the event of (i) the payment of any principal of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or an optional prepayment of Loans pursuant to Section 2.11), (ii) the conversion of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (iii) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Term Benchmark Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.11 and is revoked in accordance therewith) or (iv) the assignment of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.19, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. 
 SECTION 2.17 Withholding of Taxes Gross-Up . (a) Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.17) the applicable Recipient 
 40 

receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
 (b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower . The Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for, Other Taxes. 
 (c) Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.17, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (d) Indemnification by the Borrower . The Borrower shall indemnify each Recipient, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (e) Indemnification by the Lenders . Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 9.04(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e). 
 (f) Status of Lenders . (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person 
 41 

(A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), an executed copy of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax 
 (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable 
 (1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty 
 (2) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming that its extension of credit will generate U.S. effectively connected income, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8ECI 
 (3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN or 
 (4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-2 or Exhibit E-3 , IRS Form W-9, and or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner 
 (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. Federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made and 
 42 

(D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (g) Treatment of Certain Refunds . If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.17 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.17), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 2.17 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (g) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (g), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 (h) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 2.17 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 
 (i) Defined Terms . For purposes of this Section 2.17, the term Lender includes the Issuing Banks and the term applicable law includes FATCA. 
 SECTION 2.18 Payments Generally Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Set-offs . (a) The Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17, or otherwise) prior to 12 00 noon, New York City time on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set-off, recoupment or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at its offices as specified in Section 9.01(a)(ii), except payments to be made directly to an Issuing Bank as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other 
 43 

Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. All payments hereunder shall be made in Dollars. 
 (b) If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, unreimbursed LC Disbursements, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, towards payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, towards payment of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due to such parties. 
 (c) If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Revolving Loans or participations in LC Disbursements resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. 
 (d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or such Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the NYFRB Rate. 
 SECTION 2.19 Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders . (a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or Affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.15 or 2.17, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 (b) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental 
 44 

Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, or if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, or if any Lender does not consent to any proposed amendment, supplement, modification, consent or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that requires the consent of each of the Lenders or each of the Lenders affected thereby (so long as the consent of the Required Lenders (with the percentage in such definition being deemed to be 50 for this purpose) has been obtained), then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04), all its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Sections 2.15 or 2.17) and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment) provided that (i) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and if a Commitment is being assigned, the Issuing Banks), which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts) and (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.15 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Each party hereto agrees that (a) an assignment required pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants), and (b) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to an be bound by the terms thereof provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender, provided that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto. 
 SECTION 2.20 Expansion Option. The Borrower may from time to time elect to increase the Commitments or enter into one or more tranches of term loans (each an Incremental Term Loan ), in each case a minimum amount of 10,000,000 and any integral of 5,000,000 in excess thereof, so long as, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate amount of such increases and all such Incremental Term Loans does not exceed 100,000,000. The Borrower may arrange for any such increase or tranche to be provided by one or more Lenders (each Lender so agreeing to an increase in its Commitment, or to participate in such Incremental Term Loans, an Increasing Lender ), or by one or more new banks, financial institutions or other entities (each such new bank, financial institution or other entity, an Augmenting Lender provided that no Ineligible Institution may be an Augmenting Lender), which agree to increase their existing Commitments, or to participate in such Incremental Term Loans, or provide new Commitments, as the case may be provided that (i) each Augmenting Lender, shall be subject to the approval of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks to the extent the consent of the Issuing Banks would be required to effect an assignment under Section 9.04(b), and (ii) (x) in the case of an Increasing Lender, the Borrower and such Increasing Lender execute an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, and (y) in the case of an Augmenting Lender, the Borrower and such Augmenting Lender execute an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto. No consent of any Lender (other than the Lenders participating in the increase or any Incremental Term Loan) shall be required for any increase in Commitments or Incremental Term Loan pursuant to this Section 2.20. Increases and new Commitments and Incremental Term Loans created pursuant to this Section 2.20 shall become effective on the date agreed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the relevant Increasing Lenders or Augmenting Lenders, and the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no increase in the Commitments (or in the Commitment of any Lender) or tranche of Incremental Term Loans shall become effective under this paragraph unless, (i) on the proposed date of the effectiveness of such increase or Incremental Term Loans, (A) the conditions set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section 4.02 shall be satisfied or waived by the Required Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate to that effect dated such date and 
 45 

executed by a Financial Officer of the Borrower and (B) the Borrower shall be in compliance (on a pro forma basis) with the covenants contained in Section 6.02 and (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have received documents and opinions consistent with those delivered on the Restatement Effective Date as to the organizational power and authority of the Borrower to borrow hereunder after giving effect to such increase. On the effective date of any increase in the Commitments or any Incremental Term Loans being made, (i) each relevant Increasing Lender and Augmenting Lender shall make available to the Administrative Agent such amounts in immediately available funds as the Administrative Agent shall determine, for the benefit of the other Lenders, as being required in order to cause, after giving effect to such increase and the use of such amounts to make payments to such other Lenders, each Lender s portion of the outstanding Revolving Loans of all the Lenders to equal its Applicable Percentage of such outstanding Revolving Loans, and (ii) except in the case of any Incremental Term Loans, the Borrower shall be deemed to have repaid and reborrowed all outstanding Revolving Loans as of the date of any increase in the Commitments (with such reborrowing to consist of the Types of Revolving Loans, with related Interest Periods if applicable, specified in a notice delivered by the Borrower, in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.03). The deemed payments made pursuant to clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence shall be accompanied by payment of all accrued interest on the amount prepaid and, in respect of each Term Benchmark Loan, shall be subject to indemnification by the Borrower pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16 if the deemed payment occurs other than on the last day of the related Interest Periods. The Incremental Term Loans (a) shall rank pari passu in right of payment with the Revolving Loans, (b) shall not mature earlier than the Maturity Date (but may have amortization prior to such date) and (c) shall be treated substantially the same as (and in any event no more favorably than) the Revolving Loans provided that (i) the terms and conditions applicable to any tranche of Incremental Term Loans maturing after the Maturity Date may provide for material additional or different financial or other covenants or prepayment requirements applicable only during periods after the Maturity Date and (ii) the Incremental Term Loans may be priced differently than the Revolving Loans. Incremental Term Loans may be made hereunder pursuant to an amendment or restatement (an Incremental Term Loan Amendment of this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other Loan Documents, executed by the Borrower, each Increasing Lender participating in such tranche, each Augmenting Lender participating in such tranche, if any, and the Administrative Agent. The Incremental Term Loan Amendment may, without the consent of any other Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, to effect the provisions of this Section 2.20. Nothing contained in this Section 2.20 shall constitute, or otherwise be deemed to be, a commitment on the part of any Lender to increase its Commitment hereunder, or provide Incremental Term Loans, at any time. In connection with any increase of the Commitments or Incremental Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.20, any Augmenting Lender becoming a party hereto shall (1) execute such documents and agreements as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request and (2) in the case of any Augmenting Lender that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside of the United States of America, provide to the Administrative Agent, its name, address, tax identification number and or such other information as shall be necessary for the Administrative Agent to comply with know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation, the Patriot Act. 
 SECTION 2.21 Defaulting Lenders . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender 
 (a) fees shall cease to accrue on the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(a) 
 (b) any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section 7.02 or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 9.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows first , to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder second , to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any Issuing Bank hereunder third , to cash collateralize the LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with this Section fourth , as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of 
 46 

which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent fifth , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) cash collateralize future LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with this Section sixth , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender or the Issuing Banks against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document seventh , so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender's breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document and eighth , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or LC Disbursements in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and LC Disbursements owed to, all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or LC Disbursements owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in the Borrower s obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments without giving effect to clause (d) below. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to this Section shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto 
 (c) the Commitment and Revolving Credit Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to Section 9.02) provided , that, except as otherwise provided in Section 9.02, this clause (c) shall not apply to the vote of a Defaulting Lender in the case of an amendment, waiver or other modification requiring the consent of such Lender or each Lender directly affected thereby 
 (d) if any LC Exposure exists at the time such Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then 
 (i) all or any part of the LC Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall be reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages but only to the extent that such reallocation does not, as to any non-Defaulting Lender, cause such non-Defaulting Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure to exceed its Commitment 
 (ii) if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall within three (3) Business Days following notice by the Administrative Agent, cash collateralize for the benefit of the applicable Issuing Banks only the Borrower s obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.06(j) for so long as such LC Exposure is outstanding 
 (iii) if the Borrower cash collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrower shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure during the period such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is cash collateralized 
 (iv) if the LC Exposure of the non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to clause (i) above, then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.12(b) shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders Applicable Percentages and 
 47 

(v) if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is neither reallocated nor cash collateralized pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of any Issuing Bank or any other Lender hereunder, all facility fees that otherwise would have been payable to such Defaulting Lender (solely with respect to the portion of such Defaulting Lender s Commitment that was utilized by such LC Exposure) and letter of credit fees payable under Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure shall be payable to the Issuing Banks until and to the extent that such LC Exposure is reallocated and or cash collateralized and 
 (e) so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure and the Defaulting Lender s then outstanding LC Exposure will be 100 covered by the Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and or cash collateral will be provided by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.21(d), and LC Exposure related to any newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.21(d)(i) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein). 
 If (i) a Bankruptcy Event or a Bail-In Action with respect to a Lender Parent shall occur following the date hereof and for so long as such event shall continue or (ii) any Issuing Bank has a good faith belief that any Lender has defaulted in fulfilling its obligations under one or more other agreements in which such Lender commits to extend credit, no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless the Issuing Banks, as the case may be, shall have entered into arrangements with the Borrower or such Lender, satisfactory to such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, to defease any risk to it in respect of such Lender hereunder. 
 In the event that the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and each Issuing Bank agrees that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the LC Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lender s Commitment and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. 
 SECTION 2.22 Extension of Maturity Date . 
 (a) The Borrower may, by delivering an Extension Request to the Administrative Agent (who shall promptly deliver a copy to each of the Lenders), not less than 60 days in advance of the Maturity Date in effect at such time (the Existing Maturity Date ), request that the Lenders extend the Existing Maturity Date to the first anniversary of such Existing Maturity Date (or, if such date is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day). Each Lender, acting in its sole discretion, shall, by written notice to the Administrative Agent given not later than the date that is the 20th day after the date of the Extension Request, or if such date is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day (the Response Date ), advise the Administrative Agent in writing whether or not such Lender agrees to the requested extension. Each Lender that advises the Administrative Agent that it will not extend the Existing Maturity Date is referred to herein as a Non-extending Lender provided, that any Lender that does not advise the Administrative Agent of its consent to such requested extension by the Response Date and any Lender that is a Defaulting Lender on the Response Date shall be deemed to be a Non-extending Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower, in writing, of the Lenders elections promptly following the Response Date. The election of any Lender to agree to such an extension shall not obligate any other Lender to so agree, and it is understood that no Lender shall have any obligation whatsoever to agree to any request made by the Borrower for an extension of the Existing Maturity Date. The Maturity Date may be extended no more than two times pursuant to this Section 2.22. 
 (b) (i) If, by the Response Date, Lenders holding Commitments that aggregate 50 or more of the Aggregate Commitment shall constitute Non-extending Lenders, then the Existing Maturity Date shall not be extended and the outstanding principal balance of all Loans and other amounts payable hereunder shall be payable, and the Commitments shall terminate, on the Existing Maturity Date in effect prior to such extension. 
 48 

(ii) If (and only if), by the Response Date, Lenders holding Commitments that aggregate more than 50 of the Aggregate Commitment shall have agreed to extend the Existing Maturity Date (each such consenting Lender, an Extending Lender ), then effective as of the Existing Maturity Date, the Maturity Date for such Extending Lenders shall be extended to the first anniversary of the Existing Maturity Date (subject to satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 2.22(d)). In the event of such extension, the Commitment of each Non-extending Lender shall terminate on the Existing Maturity Date in effect for such Non-extending Lender prior to such extension and the outstanding principal balance of all Loans and other amounts payable hereunder to such Non-extending Lender shall become due and payable on such Existing Maturity Date and, subject to Section 2.22(c) below, the Aggregate Commitment hereunder shall be reduced by the Commitments of the Non-extending Lenders so terminated on such Existing Maturity Date. For purposes of clarity, it is acknowledged and agreed that the Maturity Date on any date of determination shall not be a date more than five (5) years after such date of determination, whether such determination is made before or after giving effect to any extension request made hereunder. 
 (c) In the event of any extension of the Existing Maturity Date pursuant to Section 2.22(b)(ii), the Borrower shall have the right on or before the Existing Maturity Date, at its own expense, to require any Non-extending Lender to transfer and assign without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04) all its interests, rights (other than its rights to payments pursuant to Section 2.15, Section 2.16, Section 2.17 or Section 9.03 arising prior to the effectiveness of such assignment) and obligations under this Agreement to one or more banks or other financial institutions identified to the Non-extending Lender by the Borrower, which may include any existing Lender (each a Replacement Lender ), provided that (i) such Replacement Lender, if not already a Lender hereunder, shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks (such approvals to not be unreasonably withheld) to the extent the consent of the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Banks would be required to effect an assignment under Section 9.04(b), (ii) such assignment shall become effective as of a date specified by the Borrower (which shall not be later than the Existing Maturity Date in effect for such Non-extending Lender prior to the effective date of the requested extension) and (iii) the Replacement Lender shall pay to such Non-extending Lender in immediately available funds on the effective date of such assignment the principal of and interest accrued to the date of payment on the outstanding principal amount Loans made by it hereunder and all other amounts accrued and unpaid for its account or otherwise owed to it hereunder on such date. 
 (d) As a condition precedent to each such extension of the Existing Maturity Date pursuant to Section 2.22(b)(ii), the Borrower shall (i) deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of the Borrower dated as of the Existing Maturity Date signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying that, as of such date, both before and immediately after giving effect to such extension, (A) the representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects, except for any representation or warranty that is qualified by materiality or reference to Material Adverse Effect, which representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects (except, in each case, to the extent that any such representation or warranty specifically refers to an earlier date, in which case it shall be true and correct in all material respects, or in all respects, as applicable, as of such earlier date) and (B) no Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have received all fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to such extension of the Existing Maturity Date, including, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all out-of-pocket expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower and (iii) first make such prepayments of the outstanding Loans and second provide such cash collateral (or make such other arrangements satisfactory to the applicable Issuing Bank) with respect to the outstanding Letters of Credit as shall be required such that, after giving effect to the termination of the Commitments of the Non-extending Lenders pursuant to Section 2.22(b) and any assignment pursuant to Section 2.22(c), the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure less the face amount of any Letter of Credit supported by any such cash collateral (or other satisfactory arrangements) so provided does not exceed the aggregate amount of Commitments being extended. 
 (e) For the avoidance of doubt, no consent of any Lender (other than the existing Lenders participating in the extension of the Existing Maturity Date) shall be required for any extension of the Maturity Date pursuant to this Section 2.22 and the operation of this Section 2.22 in accordance with its terms is not an amendment subject to Section 9.02. 
 49 

ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties 
 The Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that 
 SECTION 3.01 Corporate Existence Authorization . The Borrower (a) has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, (b) has the requisite corporate power and authority to consummate the Transactions and (c) has duly taken all necessary corporate action to authorize the Transactions. 
 SECTION 3.02 Enforceability . This Agreement and each note delivered hereunder has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower is the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, and any other instrument or agreement required hereunder, when executed and delivered, will be similarly valid, binding and enforceable, except (in each case) to the extent that the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws generally affecting creditors rights and by general principles of equity. 
 SECTION 3.03 Financial Condition No Material Adverse Change . (a) All fiscal year-end financial statements furnished by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or any Lender have been prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, except as noted therein, and fairly present the consolidated financial position and the consolidated results of operations of the Borrower as of the dates and for the periods presented. Financial statements and other information and data furnished to the Administrative Agent or any Lender other than fiscal year-end statements of the Borrower are in reasonable detail and present fairly the consolidated financial position and consolidated results of operations of the Borrower as of the dates and for the periods presented, subject to year-end audit adjustments. 
 (b) As of the Restatement Effective Date, there has been no material adverse change in the business or financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except as disclosed in the Borrower s periodic reports filed with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 on or before the Restatement Effective Date. 
 SECTION 3.04 Compliance with Laws and Material Contractual Obligations . The operations of the Borrower and its Significant Subsidiaries are in compliance with (a) all Requirements of Law and (b) its obligations under material agreements to which it is a party, (i) except to the extent that the failure to comply therewith could not, in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) except as disclosed in the Borrower s periodic reports filed prior to the date of this Agreement with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated, will violate (x) any Requirement of Law, (y) violate or result in a default under any indenture or other material agreement or other material instrument binding upon the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or its assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any material payment to be made by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or (z) result in the creation or imposition of, or the requirement to create, any lien or security interest on any asset of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 SECTION 3.05 No Material Litigation . No litigation, investigation or proceeding of or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened by or against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or against any of its or their respective properties or revenues (a) with respect to this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or (b) which could, insofar as the Borrower may reasonably foresee, have a Material Adverse Effect, except as disclosed in the Borrower s periodic reports filed with the SEC prior to the date of this Agreement under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 SECTION 3.06 Ownership of Property . Each of the Borrower and each of its Significant Subsidiaries has title in fee simple to or valid leasehold interests in all its real property material to the operation of its business, and title to or valid leasehold interests in all its other property useful and necessary in its business. 
 50 

SECTION 3.07 Taxes . Each of the Borrower and each of its Significant Subsidiaries has filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns which to the knowledge of the Borrower are required to be filed and has paid all material taxes shown to be due and payable on said returns or on any assessments made against it or any of its property and all other material Taxes, fees or other charges imposed on it or any of its property by any Governmental Authority (other than those the amount or validity of which is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided on the books of the Borrower or the applicable Subsidiary, as the case may be) and no material Tax liens have been filed and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, no material claims are being asserted with respect to any such Taxes, fees or other charges. 
 SECTION 3.08 Subsidiaries . Schedule 3.08 contains an accurate list of all of the Subsidiaries of the Borrower existing as of the Restatement Effective Date, setting forth their respective jurisdictions of incorporation and the percentage of their respective Equity Interests owned by the Borrower and or other Subsidiaries. All of the issued and outstanding shares of Equity Interests of such Subsidiaries have been duly authorized and issued and are fully paid and nonassessable. 
 SECTION 3.09 Investment Company Act No Consents . Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is an Investment Company , as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. No authorizations, approvals or consents of, no filings or registrations with, any Governmental Authority are necessary for the consummation of the Transactions or for the validity or enforceability hereof or the notes delivered hereunder. 
 SECTION 3.10 ERISA . The Borrower is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable provisions of ERISA. The Borrower has not violated any provision of any Plan maintained or contributed to by the Borrower which could, insofar as the Borrower may reasonably foresee, have a Material Adverse Effect. No Reportable Event has occurred and is continuing with respect to any Plan initiated by the Borrower. The Borrower has met its minimum funding requirements under ERISA with respect to each Plan. Each Plan will be able to fulfill its benefit obligations as they come due in accordance with the Plan documents and under GAAP. 
 SECTION 3.11 Environmental . In the ordinary course of its business, the Borrower conducts an ongoing review of the effect of Environmental Laws on the business, operations, and properties of the Borrower, in the course of which it identifies and evaluates associated liabilities and costs (including any capital or operating expenditures required for clean-up or closure of properties presently or previously owned or operated, any capital or operating expenditures required to achieve or maintain compliance with environmental protection standards imposed by law or as a condition of any license, permit or contract, any related constraints on operating activities, including any periodic or permanent shutdown of any facility or reduction in the level of or change in the nature of operations conducted thereat and any actual or potential liabilities to third parties, including employees, and any related costs and expenses). On the basis of these reviews, the Borrower has reasonably concluded that Environmental Laws are unlikely to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower hereby represents and warrants that its business and assets and those of its Subsidiaries are operated, and covenants that its and its Subsidiaries business and assets will continue to be operated, in compliance with applicable Environmental Laws and that no enforcement action in respect thereof is threatened or pending that could, in the case of any failure to so comply or any such enforcement action, insofar as the Borrower may reasonably foresee, have a Material Adverse Effect, except as disclosed in the Borrower s periodic reports filed with the SEC on or prior to the date of this Agreement under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 SECTION 3.12 Margin Regulations . The Borrower is not engaged and will not engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, and no part of the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit extension hereunder will be used to buy or carry any Margin Stock. Following the application of the proceeds of each Borrowing or drawing under each Letter of Credit, not more than 25 of the value of the assets (either of the Borrower only or of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis) will be Margin Stock. 
 SECTION 3.13 Disclosure . (a) As of the Restatement Effective Date, neither the Information Memorandum nor any of the other reports, financial statements, certificates or other 
 51 

information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time. 
 (b) As of the Restatement Effective Date, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification provided on or prior to the Restatement Effective Date to any Lender in connection with this Agreement is true and correct in all respects. 
 SECTION 3.14 Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions . The Borrower has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective officers and directors and to the knowledge of the Borrower its employees and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects. None of (a) the Borrower, any Subsidiary, any of their respective directors or officers, or employees, or (b) to the knowledge of the Borrower, any agent of the Borrower or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. No Borrowing or Letter of Credit, use of proceeds or other Transactions will violate any Anti-Corruption Law or applicable Sanctions. 
 SECTION 3.15 Affected Financial Institutions . The Borrower is not an Affected Financial Institution. 
 SECTION 3.16 Plan Assets Prohibited Transactions . None of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is an entity deemed to hold plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations), and neither the execution, delivery or performance of the Transactions, including the making of any Loan and the issuance of any Letter of Credit hereunder, will give rise to a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
 ARTICLE IV Conditions 
 SECTION 4.01 Restatement Effective Date . The obligations of the Lenders to make Loans and of the Issuing Banks to issue Letters of Credit hereunder shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02) 
 (a) The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received (i) from each party hereto either (A) a counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (B) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include telecopy or electronic transmission of a signed signature page of this Agreement) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Agreement and (ii) duly executed copies of the Loan Documents and such other legal opinions, certificates, documents, instruments and agreements as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request in connection with the Transactions, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel and as further described in the list of closing documents attached as Exhibit D . 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall have received a favorable written opinion (addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and dated the Restatement Effective Date) of Stoel Rives LLP, counsel for the Borrower, covering such matters relating to the Borrower, the Loan Documents or the Transactions as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request. The Borrower hereby requests such counsel to deliver such opinion. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall have received such documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the organization and valid existence of the Borrower, the authorization of the Transactions and any other legal matters relating to the 
 52 

Borrower, the Loan Documents or the Transactions, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel and as further described in the list of closing documents attached as Exhibit D . 
 (d) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated the Restatement Effective Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, certifying (i) that the representations and warranties contained in Article III are true and correct as of such date and (ii) that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing as of such date. 
 (e) The Administrative Agent shall have received, for the account of the applicable Persons, payment of all accrued and unpaid interest and fees owing under the Existing Credit Agreement immediately prior to the Restatement Effective Date. 
 (f) The Administrative Agent shall have received all fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the Restatement Effective Date, including, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all out-of-pocket expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower hereunder. 
 (g) The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) satisfactory audited consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for the two most recent fiscal years ended prior to the Restatement Effective Date as to which such financial statements are available and (ii) satisfactory unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for each quarterly period ended subsequent to the date of the latest financial statements delivered pursuant to clause (i) as to which such financial statements are available. 
 (h) (i) The Administrative Agent shall have received, at least five days prior to the Restatement Effective Date (or such shorter period agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), all documentation and other information regarding the Borrower requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act, to the extent requested in writing of the Borrower at least 10 days prior to the Restatement Effective Date and (ii) to the extent the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, at least five days prior to the Restatement Effective Date, any Lender that has requested, in a written notice to the Borrower at least 10 days prior to the Restatement Effective Date, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower shall have received such Beneficial Ownership Certification (provided that, upon the execution and delivery by such Lender of its signature page to this Agreement, the condition set forth in this clause (ii) shall be deemed to be satisfied). 
 (i) The Administrative Agent shall have received such other documents as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (through the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request. 
 The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the Restatement Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans and of the Issuing Banks to issue Letters of Credit hereunder shall not become effective unless each of the foregoing conditions is satisfied (or waived pursuant to Section 9.02) at or prior to 3 00 p.m., New York City time, on November 3, 2021 (and, in the event such conditions are not so satisfied or waived, the Commitments shall terminate at such time). 
 SECTION 4.02 Each Credit Event . The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing, and of the Issuing Banks to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit, is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions 
 (a) The representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in this Agreement (other than, except in the case of the initial Loans, the representations and warranties set forth in Sections 3.04(b), 3.05(b) and 3.11) shall be true and correct in all material respects, except for any such representation or warranty that is qualified by materiality or reference to Material Adverse Effect, which representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects, on and as of the date of such Borrowing or the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit (except, in 
 53 

each case, to the extent that any such representation or warranty specifically refers to an earlier date, in which case it shall be true and correct in all material respects, or in all respects, as applicable, as of such earlier date), as applicable. 
 (b) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 Each Borrowing and each issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date thereof as to the matters specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section. 
 ARTICLE V Affirmative Covenants 
 Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder shall have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit shall have expired or terminated, in each case, without any pending draw, and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that 
 SECTION 5.01 Financial Statements and Other Information . The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender 
 (a) as soon as practicable, but in any event within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower (commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021), a copy of the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its audited consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such year and the related consolidated statements of income, of shareholders equity and comprehensive income and of cash flows for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year, audited by independent certified public accountants of nationally recognized standing (without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied 
 (b) as soon as practicable, but in any event not later than 60 days after the end of each of the first three quarterly periods of each fiscal year of the Borrower (commencing with the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2021), the Form 10-Q as filed by the Borrower with the SEC for each such fiscal quarter, certified by an Authorized Officer as being complete and correct (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments) and 
 (c) together with the financial statements required hereunder, a compliance certificate in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent signed by its chief financial officer or chief accounting officer showing the calculations necessary to determine compliance with this Agreement, including its calculation of maintenance of Consolidated Indebtedness to Total Capitalization, and stating that no Default exists, or if any Default exists, stating the nature and status thereof. 
 All such financial statements shall be prepared in reasonable detail and in accordance with GAAP applied consistently throughout the periods reflected therein (except as approved by such accountants or officer, as the case may be, and disclosed therein). 
 SECTION 5.02 Certificates Other Information . The Borrower shall furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender as soon as practicable, but in any event within ten days after the same are sent, copies of all financial statements and reports which the Borrower sends to its shareholders, and within ten days after the same are filed, copies of all financial statements and reports which the Borrower may make to, or file with, the SEC or any successor or analogous Governmental Authority. Promptly following any request therefor, the Borrower shall furnish (x) such other information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or compliance 
 54 

with the terms of this Agreement, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request, (y) information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, and (z) any information regarding sustainability matters and practices of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (including with respect to corporate governance, environmental, social and employee matters, respect for human rights, anti-corruption and anti-bribery) as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request for purposes of compliance with any legal or regulatory requirement applicable to the Administrative Agent or any such Lender and the Borrower shall furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender prompt written notice of any change in the information provided in the Beneficial Ownership Certification delivered to such Lender that would result in a change to the list of beneficial owners identified in such certification. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent and or the Arrangers will make available to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks materials and or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (the Platform and (b) certain of the Lenders may be public-side Lenders i.e., Lenders that do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities) (each, a Public Lender ). The Borrower hereby agrees that (w) all Borrower Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof (x) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as either publicly available information or not material information (although it may be sensitive and proprietary) with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws (y) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Investor and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Investor. 
 SECTION 5.03 Payment of Taxes . The Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy at or before maturity or before they become delinquent, as the case may be, all taxes, except when (a) the amount or validity thereof is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings or (b) reserves in conformity with GAAP with respect thereto have been provided on the books of the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as the case may be. 
 SECTION 5.04 Conduct of Business . The Borrower shall (a) carry on and conduct its business in substantially the same manner and in substantially the same fields of enterprise as it is presently conducted and to do all things necessary to remain duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing as a domestic corporation in its jurisdiction of incorporation and maintain all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted, and (b) comply with all Requirements of Law, except to the extent that failure to comply therewith could not, in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. 
 SECTION 5.05 Maintenance of Property Insurance . The Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (a) keep all property useful and necessary in its business in good working order and condition (b) maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies insurance on such property in at least such amounts and against at least such risks as are usually insured against in the same general area by companies engaged in the same or a similar business and (c) furnish to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, upon written request, full information as to the insurance carried. 
 SECTION 5.06 Inspection of Property Books and Records Discussions . The Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries that have business operations to, (a) keep proper books of records and accounts in which entries in conformity with GAAP shall be made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities and (b) permit representatives of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, at such Person s expense, to visit and inspect any of its properties and examine and make abstracts from any of its books and records upon reasonable notice and during 
 55 

regular working hours, and to discuss the business, operations, properties and financial and other condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries with officers and employees of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. 
 SECTION 5.07 Notices . The Borrower shall promptly give notice to the Administrative Agent and each Lender of (a) the occurrence of any Default (b) any litigation, investigation or proceeding involving the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries which, if not cured or if adversely determined, as the case may be, would have a Material Adverse Effect (c) any change in any Debt Rating and (d) any Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy. Each notice pursuant to this Section 5.07 shall be accompanied by a statement of an Authorized Officer setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Borrower proposes to take with respect thereto. 
 SECTION 5.08 Use of Proceeds and Letters of Credit . The proceeds of the Loans will be used only to finance the working capital needs, and for general corporate purposes, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than Hostile Acquisitions). No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the regulations of the Federal Reserve Board, including Regulations T, U and X. Letters of Credit will be issued only to support the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. The Borrower will not request any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, and the Borrower shall not use, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, except to the extent permitted for a Person required to comply with Sanctions, or (iii) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. 
 SECTION 5.09 Debt Rating . The Borrower shall cause NW Natural to maintain at all times a Debt Rating from both Moody s and S&P. 
 ARTICLE VI Negative Covenants 
 Until the Commitments have expired or terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit have expired or terminated, in each case, without any pending draw, and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that it will not 
 SECTION 6.01 Fundamental Changes . (a) With respect to the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary, without the consent of the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders enter into any transaction of merger or consolidation or amalgamation, or liquidate, wind up or dissolve (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution), convey, sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of, in one transaction or a series of transactions, all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except (i) for sales, leases or rentals of property or assets in the ordinary course of business, (ii) that any consolidated Subsidiary of the Borrower may be merged or consolidated with or into the Borrower provided that the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving corporation) or with any one or more Subsidiaries of the Borrower provided that if any such transaction shall be between a Subsidiary and a wholly-owned Subsidiary, the wholly-owned Subsidiary shall be the continuing or surviving corporation), (iii) any Subsidiary may sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any or all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to the Borrower or another wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Borrower and (iv) the Borrower may be merged with any other Person if (x) the Borrower is the surviving corporation, (y) immediately after giving effect to such merger, there shall exist no condition or event which constitutes an Event of Default or which, with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute an Event of Default, and (z) all representations and warranties contained in Article III hereof are true and correct in all material respects (except for any such representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality or reference to Material Adverse Effect, which representation shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date of the consummation of such merger, and 
 56 

after giving effect thereto, as though restated on and as of such date (except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (except for any such representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality or reference to Material Adverse Effect, which representation shall be true and correct in all respects) as of such earlier date). 
 (b) With respect to the Borrower, without the consent of the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, cease to own, directly or indirectly, 100 of the Equity Interests of NW Natural (other than a single share of the junior preferred capital stock of NW Natural held by an independent third party), free and clear of any lien, pledge, charge or other security interest. 
 SECTION 6.02 Financial Covenant . Maintenance of Consolidated Indebtedness to Total Capitalization . As at the end of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower, permit Consolidated Indebtedness to be greater than 70 of Total Capitalization. 
 ARTICLE VII Events of Default 
 SECTION 7.01 Events of Default . If any of the following events Events of Default shall occur 
 (a) The Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of the Loans when due in accordance with the terms hereof or 
 (b) The Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on the Loans, or any other amount payable by the Borrower hereunder, within five days after any such amount becomes due in accordance with the terms hereof or 
 (c) Any representation or warranty made or deemed made by the Borrower herein shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect on or as of the date made or 
 (d) The Borrower shall default in the observance or performance of any covenant described in Sections 5.08 , 6.01 or 6.02 or the Borrower shall default in the observance or performance of any other agreement or covenant contained in this Agreement, and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after the earlier of (i) the date a Responsible Officer has knowledge of such default or (ii) written notice of such default shall have been given to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or 
 (e) The Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower shall fail to make any payment in respect of any Indebtedness having singly or in the aggregate an outstanding amount in excess of 50 million when due or within any applicable grace period or 
 (f) A final judgment for the payment of money exceeding an aggregate of 15 million shall be rendered or entered against the Borrower and or any Significant Subsidiary and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of 60 days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed or contested in good faith or 
 (g) An involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief in respect of the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for 60 days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered or 
 57 

(h) The Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (g) above, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (vi) become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due or (vii) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing 
 (i) a Change in Control shall occur 
 (j) an ERISA Event shall have occurred (other than NW Natural s December 22, 2013 withdrawal from the Western States Office and Professional Employees International Union Pension Fund) that, in the opinion of the Required Lenders, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or 
 (k) any material provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect or the Borrower or any Subsidiary contests in writing the validity or enforceability of any provision of any Loan Document or, prior to satisfaction in full of all Obligations, the Borrower denies in writing that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document, or the Borrower purports in writing to revoke, terminate or rescind any Loan Document other than in compliance with Section 9.02 
 then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Borrower, described in clause (g) or (h) above), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrower, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times (i) terminate the Commitments, and thereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately, and or (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower, (iii) require cash collateral for the LC Exposure as required in Section 2.06(j) hereof and (iv) exercise on behalf of itself, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks all rights and remedies available to it, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks under the Loan Documents and applicable law and in case of any event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (g) or (h) of this Section, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding and cash collateral for the LC Exposure, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Obligations accrued hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Borrower to cash collateralize the LC Exposure as provided in clause (iii) above shall automatically become effective, in each case, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, exercise any rights and remedies provided to the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents or at law or equity. 
 SECTION 7.02 Application of Payments . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, and notice thereof to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or the Required Lenders, all payments received on account of the Obligations shall, subject to Section 2.21, be applied by the Administrative Agent as follows 
 (i) first , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts payable to the Administrative Agent (including fees and disbursements and other charges of counsel to the Administrative Agent payable under 
 58 

Section 9.03 and amounts pursuant to Section 2.12(c) payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such) 
 (ii) second , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, expenses, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, reimbursement obligations in respect of LC Disbursements, interest and Letter of Credit fees) payable to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks (including fees and disbursements and other charges of counsel to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks payable under Section 9.03) arising under the Loan Documents, ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (ii) payable to them 
 (iii) third , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit fees and charges and interest on the Loans and unreimbursed LC Disbursements, ratably among the Lenders and the Issuing Banks in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (iii) payable to them 
 (iv) fourth , (A) to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and unreimbursed LC Disbursements and (B) to cash collateralize that portion of LC Exposure comprising the undrawn amount of Letters of Credit to the extent not otherwise cash collateralized by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.06 or 2.21, ratably among the Lenders and the Issuing Banks in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (iv) payable to them provided that (x) any such amounts applied pursuant to subclause (B) above shall be paid to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the applicable Issuing Bank to cash collateralize Obligations in respect of Letters of Credit, (y) subject to Section 2.06 or 2.21, amounts used to cash collateralize the aggregate amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to this clause (iv) shall be used to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur and (z) upon the expiration of any Letter of Credit (without any pending drawings), the pro rata share of cash collateral shall be distributed to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth in this Section 7.02 
 (v) fifth , to the payment in full of all other Obligations, in each case ratably among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks based upon the respective aggregate amounts of all such Obligations owing to them in accordance with the respective amounts thereof then due and payable and 
 (vi) finally , the balance, if any, after all Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by law. 
 If any amount remains on deposit as cash collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired (without any pending drawings), such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above. 
 ARTICLE VIII The Administrative Agent 
 SECTION 8.01 Authorization and Action . (a) Each Lender and the Issuing Banks hereby irrevocably appoints the entity named as Administrative Agent in the heading of this Agreement and its successors and assigns to serve as the administrative agent under the Loan Documents and each Lender and the Issuing Banks authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to the Administrative Agent under such agreements and to exercise such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Without limiting the foregoing, each Lender and the Issuing Banks hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver, and to perform its obligations under, each of the Loan Documents to which the Administrative Agent is a party, to exercise all rights, powers and remedies that the Administrative Agent may have under such Loan Documents. 
 (b) As to any matters not expressly provided for herein and in the other Loan Documents (including enforcement or collection), the Administrative Agent shall not be required to 
 59 

exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the written instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, pursuant to the terms in the Loan Documents), and, unless and until revoked in writing, such instructions shall be binding upon each Lender and the Issuing Banks provided , however, that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that (i) the Administrative Agent in good faith believes exposes it to liability unless the Administrative Agent receives an indemnification and is exculpated in a manner satisfactory to it from the Lenders and the Issuing Banks with respect to such action or (ii) is contrary to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or applicable law, including any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors provided , further , that the Administrative Agent may seek clarification or direction from the Required Lenders prior to the exercise of any such instructed action and may refrain from acting until such clarification or direction has been provided. Except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. Nothing in this Agreement shall require the Administrative Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it. 
 (c) In performing its functions and duties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent is acting solely on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks (except in limited circumstances expressly provided for herein relating to the maintenance of the Register), and its duties are entirely mechanical and administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing 
 (i) the Administrative Agent does not assume and shall not be deemed to have assumed any obligation or duty or any other relationship as the agent, fiduciary or trustee of or for any Lender, Issuing Bank or holder of any other obligation other than as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, regardless of whether a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (and it is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent (or any similar term) herein or in any other Loan Document with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary duty or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law, and that such term is used as a matter of market custom and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties) additionally, each Lender agrees that it will not assert any claim against the Administrative Agent based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by the Administrative Agent in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby 
 (ii) nothing in this Agreement or any Loan Document shall require the Administrative Agent to account to any Lender for any sum or the profit element of any sum received by the Administrative Agent for its own account 
 (d) The Administrative Agent may perform any of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any of their respective duties and exercise their respective rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities pursuant to this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the 
 60 

negligence or misconduct of any sub-agent except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agent. 
 (e) None of any Co-Syndication Agents, the Sustainability Structuring Agent or any Arrangers shall have obligations or duties whatsoever in such capacity under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and shall incur no liability hereunder or thereunder in such capacity, but all such Persons shall have the benefit of the indemnities provided for hereunder. 
 (f) In case of the pendency of any proceeding with respect to the Borrower under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or any other obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise 
 (i) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, LC Disbursements and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent (including any claim under Sections 2.12, 2.13, 2.15, 2.17 and 9.03) allowed in such judicial proceeding and 
 (ii) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same 
 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and each Issuing Bank to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due to it, in its capacity as the Administrative Agent, under the Loan Documents (including under Section 9.03). Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or Issuing Bank any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or Issuing Bank or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or Issuing Bank in any such proceeding. 
 (g) The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Sustainability Structuring Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, and, except solely to the extent of the Borrower s rights to consent pursuant to and subject to the conditions set forth in this Article, none of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any of their respective Affiliates, shall have any rights as a third party beneficiary under any such provisions. 
 SECTION 8.02 Administrative Agent s Reliance, Indemnification, Etc. (a) Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall be (i) liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it under or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (x) with the consent of or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith to be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in the Loan Documents) or (y) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct (such absence to be presumed unless otherwise determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment) or (ii) responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by the Borrower or any officer thereof contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s reliance on any Electronic 
 61 

Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf, or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page) or for any failure of the Borrower to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until written notice thereof (stating that it is a notice of default is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, a Lender or any Issuing Bank, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered thereunder or in connection therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or satisfaction of any condition that expressly refers to the matters described therein being acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (c) Without limiting the foregoing, the Administrative Agent (i) may treat the payee of any promissory note as its holder until such promissory note has been assigned in accordance with Section 9.04, (ii) may rely on the Register to the extent set forth in Section 9.04(b), (iii) may consult with legal counsel (including counsel to the Borrower), independent public accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts, (iv) makes no warranty or representation to any Lender or Issuing Bank and shall not be responsible to any Lender or Issuing Bank for any statements, warranties or representations made by or on behalf of the Borrower in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (v) in determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or any Issuing Bank, may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or Issuing Bank unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or Issuing Bank sufficiently in advance of the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit and (vi) shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any notice, consent, certificate or other instrument or writing (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper party or parties (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). 
 SECTION 8.03 Posting of Communications . (a) The Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make any Communications available to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks by posting the Communications on IntraLinks , DebtDomain, SyndTrak, ClearPar or any other electronic platform chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system (the Approved Electronic Platform ). 
 (b) Although the Approved Electronic Platform and its primary web portal are secured with generally-applicable security procedures and policies implemented or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time (including, as of the Restatement Effective Date, a user ID password authorization system) and the Approved Electronic Platform is secured through a per-deal authorization method whereby each user may access the Approved Electronic Platform only on a deal-by-deal basis, each of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure, that the Administrative Agent is not responsible for approving or vetting the representatives or contacts of any Lender that are added to the Approved Electronic Platform, and that there are confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution. Each of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower hereby approves distribution of the Communications through the Approved Electronic Platform and understands and assumes the risks of such distribution. 
 62 

(c) THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS ARE PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE . THE APPLICABLE PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE COMMUNICATIONS, OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY THE APPLICABLE PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMMUNICATIONS OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY ARRANGERS, THE SUSTAINABILITY STRUCTURING AGENT, ANY CO-SYNDICATION AGENTS OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE RELATED PARTIES (COLLECTIVELY, APPLICABLE PARTIES HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO THE BORROWER, ANY LENDER, ANY ISSUING BANK OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES (WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF THE BORROWER S OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT S TRANSMISSION OF COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM. 
 Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank by means of electronic communications pursuant to this Section, including through an Approved Electronic Platform. 
 (d) Each Lender and Issuing Bank agrees that notice to it (as provided in the next sentence) specifying that Communications have been posted to the Approved Electronic Platform shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to such Lender for purposes of the Loan Documents. Each Lender and Issuing Bank agrees (i) to notify the Administrative Agent in writing (which could be in the form of electronic communication) from time to time of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s (as applicable) email address to which the foregoing notice may be sent by electronic transmission and (ii) that the foregoing notice may be sent to such email address. 
 (e) Each of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but (except as may be required by applicable law) shall not be obligated to, store the Communications on the Approved Electronic Platform in accordance with the Administrative Agent s generally applicable document retention procedures and policies. 
 (f) Nothing herein shall prejudice the right of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank to give any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document in any other manner specified in such Loan Document. 
 SECTION 8.04 The Administrative Agent Individually . With respect to its Commitment, Loans, Letter of Credit Commitments and Letters of Credit, the Person serving as the Administrative Agent shall have and may exercise the same rights and powers hereunder and is subject to the same obligations and liabilities as and to the extent set forth herein for any other Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be. The terms Issuing Bank , Lenders , Required Lenders and any similar terms shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity as a Lender, Issuing Bank or as one of the Required Lenders, as applicable. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust or other business with, the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing as if such Person was not acting as the Administrative Agent and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks. 
 63 

SECTION 8.05 Successor Administrative Agent . Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Administrative Agent as provided in this paragraph, the Administrative Agent may resign at any time by notifying the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with the Borrower, to appoint a successor. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, appoint a successor Administrative Agent which shall be a bank with an office in New York, New York, or an Affiliate of any such bank. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder. The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the Administrative Agent s resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Section 9.03, as well as any exculpatory, reimbursement and indemnification provisions set forth in any other Loan Document, shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 8.06 Acknowledgments of Lenders and Issuing Banks . (a) Each Lender and each Issuing Bank represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility, (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and in providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or Issuing Bank, in each case in the ordinary course of business, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument (and each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing), (iii) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Co-Syndication Agent, the Sustainability Structuring Agent or any other Lender or Issuing Bank, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement as a Lender, and to make, acquire or hold Loans hereunder and (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Co-Syndication Agent, the Sustainability Structuring Agent or any other Lender or Issuing Bank, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information (which may contain material, non-public information within the meaning of the United States securities laws concerning the Borrower and its Affiliates) as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank also acknowledges and agrees that none of the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Co-Syndication Agent, the Sustainability Structuring Agent acting in such capacities have made any assurances as to (i) whether the credit facility evidenced by the Loan Documents (the Facility meets such Lender s or Issuing Bank s criteria or expectations with regard to environmental impact and sustainability performance, (ii) whether any characteristics of the Facility, including the characteristics of the relevant key performance indicators to which the Borrower will link a potential margin step-up or step-down, including their environmental and sustainability criteria, meet any industry standards for sustainability-linked credit facilities and (b) each Lender and Issuing Bank has performed its own independent investigation and analysis of the Facility and whether the Facility meets its own criteria or expectations with regard to environmental impact and or sustainability performance. 
 (b) Each Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement on the Restatement Effective Date, or delivering its signature page to an Assignment and Assumption or any other Loan Document pursuant to which it shall become a Lender hereunder, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document 
 64 

required to be delivered to, or be approved by or satisfactory to, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders on the Restatement Effective Date. 
 (c) 
 (i) Each Lender hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise individually and collectively, a Payment were erroneously transmitted to such Lender (whether or not known to such Lender), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender under this Section 8.06(c) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (ii) Each Lender hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 
 (iii) The Borrower hereby agrees that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered from any Lender that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower. 
 (iv) Each party s obligations under this Section 8.06(c) shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan Document. 
 SECTION 8.07 Certain ERISA Matters . (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, and each Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower, that at least one of the following is and will be true 
 65 

(i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments, 
 (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, and the conditions for exemptive relief thereunder are and will continue to be satisfied in connection therewith, 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 (b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, each Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower, that none of the Administrative Agent, or any Arranger, any Co-Syndication Agent, the Sustainability Structuring Agent or any of their Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 
 (c) The Administrative Agent, and each Arranger hereby informs the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide impartial investment advice, or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, banker s acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. 
 66 

SECTION 8.08 Certain Sustainability Matters . Each party hereto hereby agrees that neither the Administrative Agent nor the Sustainability Structuring Agent shall have any responsibility for (or liability in respect of) reviewing, auditing or otherwise evaluating any calculation by the Borrower of any Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment or any Sustainability Rate Adjustment (or any of the data or computations that are part of or related to any such calculation) set forth in any Pricing Certificate (and the Administrative Agent may rely conclusively on any such certificate, without further inquiry). 
 
 ARTICLE IX Miscellaneous 
 SECTION 9.01 Notices . (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and subject to paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy, as follows 
 (i) if to the Borrower, to it at 250 SW Taylor Street, Portland, OR 97204, Attention of Brody J. Wilson, Vice President, Treasurer, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller (Telecopy No. (503) 220-2584 Telephone No. (503) 610-7176 Email Address brody.wilson nwnatural.com) 
 (ii) if to the Administrative Agent, to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 131 S Dearborn St, Floor 04, Chicago, IL 60603-5506, Attention of Kathryn V Tyler (Telecopy No. (844) 490-5663, Telephone No. (312) 954-0447 Email Address katy.tyler chase.com) 
 (iii) if to the Issuing Banks, 
 (A) in the case of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A, to it at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 8181 Communications Pkwy, Building B, 6th Floor, Plano, TX 75024, Attention of Hamza Tariq (Telephone No. (972) 324-2325 Email Address hamza.tariq jpmorgan.com) 
 (B) if to Bank of America, N.A. to it at Bank of America, N.A., Commercial Banking Credit Products, OR1-129-17-01 121, SW Morrison St., Suite 1700, Portland, OR 97204, Attention of Daryl K. Hogge (Telecopy No. (312) 453-5325 Telephone No. (503) 795-6469 Email Address daryl.k.hogge baml.com) 
 (C) if to U.S. Bank National Association to it at U.S. Bank National Association, Corporate & Commercial Banking, 209 S. LaSalle St., Chicago, IL 60604 , MK-IL-RY3S, Attention of John M. Eyerman (Telephone No. (312) 325-2032 Email Address john.eyerman usbank.com) and 
 (D) if to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association to it at Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, Wells Fargo Corporate Banking, 90 S. Seventh Street, 15th Floor MAC N9305-15G, Minneapolis, MN 55402 Attention of Gregory R. Gredvig (Telecopy No. (612) 316-0506 Telephone No. (612) 667-4832 Email Address gregory.r.gredvig wellsfargo.com) and 
 (iv) if to any other Lender, to it at its address (or telecopy number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. 
 Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received notices sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices delivered 
 67 

through Approved Electronic Platforms, to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below, shall be effective as provided in said paragraph (b). 
 (b) Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereunder may be delivered or furnished by using Approved Electronic Platforms pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i), of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient. 
 (c) Any party hereto may change its address or telecopy number for notices and other communications hereunder by written notice to the other parties hereto. 
 SECTION 9.02 Waivers Amendments . (a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. 
 (b) Subject to Section 2.14(b), (c) and (d), and clauses (c) and (d) below, neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Required Lenders or by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders provided that no such agreement shall (i) increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender, (ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby, (iii) postpone the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement, or any interest thereon, or any fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby, (iv) change Section 2.09(c) or Section 2.18(b) or (d) in a manner that would alter the ratable reduction of Commitments or pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, without the written consent of each Lender, (v) change the payment waterfall provisions of Section 2.21(b) or 7.02 without the written consent of each Lender or (vi) change any of the provisions of this Section or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender (it being understood that, solely with the consent of the parties prescribed by Section 2.20 to be parties to an 
 68 

Incremental Term Loan Amendment, Incremental Term Loans may be included in the determination of Required Lenders on substantially the same basis as the Commitments and the Revolving Loans are included on the Restatement Effective Date) provided further that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent or any Issuing Bank hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be (it being understood that any change to Section 2.21 shall require the consent of the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks) provided further , that no such agreement shall amend or modify the provisions of Section 2.06 or any letter of credit application and any bilateral agreement between the Borrower and any Issuing Bank regarding such Issuing Bank s Letter of Credit Commitment or the respective rights and obligations between the Borrower and such Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance of Letters of Credit without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and such Issuing Bank, respectively. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no consent with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification of this Agreement shall be required of any Defaulting Lender, except with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification referred to in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) of the first proviso of this paragraph and then only in the event such Defaulting Lender shall be directly affected by such amendment, waiver or other modification. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement and any other Loan Document may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (x) to add one or more credit facilities (in addition to the Incremental Term Loans pursuant to an Incremental Term Loan Amendment) to this Agreement and to permit extensions of credit from time to time outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the Revolving Loans, Incremental Term Loans and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof and (y) to include appropriately the Lenders holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders and Lenders. 
 (d) If the Administrative Agent and the Borrower acting together identify any ambiguity, omission, mistake, typographical error or other defect in any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, then the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall be permitted to amend, modify or supplement such provision to cure such ambiguity, omission, mistake, typographical error or other defect, and such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement. 
 SECTION 9.03 Expenses Limitation of Liability Indemnity Etc. 
 (a) Expenses . The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Co-Syndication Agents, the Sustainability Structuring Agent, the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel and other advisors and professionals for such Persons, in connection with the syndication and distribution (including, without limitation, via the internet or through a service such as Intralinks) of the credit facilities provided for herein, the investigation, preparation, negotiation, documentation, collection and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by any Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Co-Syndication Agents, the Sustainability Structuring Agent, any Arranger, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent, the Co-Syndication Agents, the Sustainability Structuring Agent, any Arranger, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement and any other Loan Document, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit. 
 (b) Indemnity . The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, the Co-Syndication Agents, the Sustainability Structuring Agent, each Arranger, any Issuing Bank and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an 
 69 

Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all Liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by any Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective Proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether or not such Proceeding is brought by the Borrower or its respective equity holders, Affiliates, creditors or any other third Person and whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such Liabilities or related expenses (A) result from a claim brought by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries against such Indemnitee for material breach of such Indemnitee s or any of its Related Parties obligations under any Loan Document if the Borrower or such Subsidiary has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction or (B) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee. This Section 9.03(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 (c) Lender Reimbursement . Each Lender severally agrees to pay any amount required to be paid by the Borrower under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 9.03 to the Administrative Agent, the Co-Syndication Agents, the Sustainability Structuring Agent the Arrangers and the Issuing Banks, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each, an Agent-Related Person (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), ratably according to their respective Applicable Percentage in effect on the date on which such payment is sought under this Section (or, if such payment is sought after the date upon which the Commitments shall have terminated and the Loans shall have been paid in full, ratably in accordance with such Applicable Percentage immediately prior to such date), and agrees to indemnify and hold each Agent-Related Person harmless from and against any and all Liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time (whether before or after the payment of the Loans) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Agent-Related Person in any way relating to or arising out of the Commitments, this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by such Agent-Related Person under or in connection with any of the foregoing provided that the unreimbursed expense or Liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against such Agent-Related Person in its capacity as such provided further that no Lender shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such Liabilities, costs, expenses or disbursements that are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Agent-Related Person s gross negligence or willful misconduct. The agreements in this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 (d) Limitation of Liability . To the extent permitted by applicable law, (i) the Borrower shall not assert, and hereby waives, any claim against the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Co-Syndication Agent, the Sustainability Structuring Agent, any Issuing Bank and any Lender, and any Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called a Lender-Related Person for any Liabilities arising from the use by others of information or other materials obtained through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the Internet), and (ii) no party hereto shall assert, and each such party hereby waives, any claim against any other party hereto, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof provided that, nothing in 
 70 

this clause (d)(ii) shall relieve the Borrower of any obligation it may have to indemnify an Indemnitee against special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages asserted against such Indemnitee by a third party. 
 (e) Payments . All amounts due under this Section shall be payable promptly after written demand therefor. 
 SECTION 9.04 Successors and Assigns . (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of any Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that (i) the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of any Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (b) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Persons (other than an Ineligible Institution) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment, participations in Letters of Credit and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) of 
 (A) the Borrower (provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days after having received notice thereof) provided, further, that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any other assignee 
 (B) the Administrative Agent provided , that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment of any Commitment to an assignee that is a Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender) with a Commitment immediately prior to giving effect to such assignment and 
 (C) the Issuing Banks. 
 (ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions 
 (A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment or Loans, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than 5,000,000 unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent to a lesser amount, provided that no such consent of the Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing 
 (B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement 
 71 

(C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent (x) an Assignment and Assumption or (y) to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500, such fee to be paid by either the assigning Lender or the assignee Lender or shared between such Lenders and 
 (D) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in which the assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Borrower and its Affiliates and their Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignee s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws. 
 For the purposes of this Section 9.04(b), the terms Approved Fund and Ineligible Institution have the following meanings 
 Approved Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
 Ineligible Institution means (a) a natural person, (b) a Defaulting Lender or its Lender Parent, (c) a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person or relative(s) thereof or (d) the Borrower or any of its Affiliates provided that, with respect to clause (c), such holding company, investment vehicle or trust shall not constitute an Ineligible Institution if it (x) has not been established for the primary purpose of acquiring any Loans or Commitments, (y) is managed by a professional advisor, who is not such natural person or a relative thereof, having significant experience in the business of making or purchasing commercial loans, and (z) has assets greater than 25,000,000 and a significant part of its activities consist of making or purchasing commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. 
 (iii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 9.04 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section. 
 (iv) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, any Issuing Bank and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 72 

(v) Upon its receipt of (x) a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee or (y) to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, the assignee s completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register provided that if either the assigning Lender or the assignee shall have failed to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.06(d) or (e), 2.07(b), 2.18(e) or 9.03(c), the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information therein in the Register unless and until such payment shall have been made in full, together with all accrued interest thereon. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 
 (c) Any Lender may, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Banks, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a Participant ), other than an Ineligible Institution, in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and or the Loans owing to it) provided that (A) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (C) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that affects such Participant. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 2.17(f) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.17(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 2.18 and 2.19 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 2.15 or 2.17, with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 2.19(b) with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.08 as though it were a Lender, provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.18(c) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 73 

(d) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 SECTION 9.05 Survival . All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Borrower in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any provision hereof or thereof. 
 SECTION 9.06 Counterparts Integration Effectiveness Electronic Execution . (a) This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to (i) fees payable to the Administrative Agent and (ii) the reductions of the Letter of Credit Commitment of any Issuing Bank constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
 (b) Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Agreement, (y) any other Loan Document and or (z) any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any notice delivered pursuant to Section 9.01), certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or the transactions contemplated hereby and or thereby (each an Ancillary Document that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement, such other Loan Document or such Ancillary Document, as applicable. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic Signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic signature and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
 74 

the Borrower hereby (i) agrees that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower, Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and or any electronic images of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, (ii) the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record), (iii) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including with respect to any signature pages thereto and (iv) waives any claim against any Lender-Related Person for any Liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and or any Lender s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures and or transmissions by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page, including any Liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Borrower to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 
 SECTION 9.07 Severability . Any provision of any Loan Document held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions thereof and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 SECTION 9.08 Right of Setoff . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, each Issuing Bank, and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final and in whatever currency denominated) at any time held, and other obligations at any time owing, by such Lender, such Issuing Bank or any such Affiliate, to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any and all of the Obligations now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or such Issuing Bank or their respective Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender, Issuing Bank or Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch office or Affiliate of such Lender or such Issuing Bank different from the branch office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.21 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender, each Issuing Bank and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, such Issuing Bank or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender and Issuing Bank agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 
 SECTION 9.09 Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process . (a) This Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. 
 (b) Each of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that, notwithstanding the governing law provisions of any applicable Loan Document, any claims brought against the Administrative Agent by any Lender relating to this 
 75 

Agreement, any other Loan Document or the consummation or administration of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. 
 (c) Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan (or if such court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan), and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions relating hereto or thereto, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may (and any such claims brought against the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties may only) be heard and determined in such Federal (to the extent permitted by law) or New York State court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement against the Borrower, the Borrower or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. 
 (d) Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (c) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 
 (e) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.01. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
 SECTION 9.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 
 SECTION 9.11 Headings . Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 
 SECTION 9.12 Confidentiality . Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any Governmental Authority (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or 
 76 

any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (1) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (2) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations, (g) on a confidential basis to (1) any rating agency in connection with rating the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided for herein or (2) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of identification numbers with respect to the credit facilities provided for herein, (h) with the consent of the Borrower or (i) to the extent such Information (1) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (2) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower. For the purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Borrower relating to the Borrower or its business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower and other than information pertaining to this Agreement routinely provided by arrangers to data service providers, including league table providers, that serve the lending industry provided that, in the case of information received from the Borrower after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 SECTION 9.13 Material Non-Public Information . (a) EACH LENDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT INFORMATION AS DEFINED IN SECTION 9.12 FURNISHED TO IT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY INCLUDE MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION CONCERNING THE BORROWER AND ITS RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES, AND CONFIRMS THAT IT HAS DEVELOPED COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES REGARDING THE USE OF MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION AND THAT IT WILL HANDLE SUCH MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THOSE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS . 
 (b) ALL INFORMATION, INCLUDING REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS AND AMENDMENTS, FURNISHED BY THE BORROWER OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT PURSUANT TO, OR IN THE COURSE OF ADMINISTERING, THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE SYNDICATE-LEVEL INFORMATION, WHICH MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION ABOUT THE BORROWER AND ITS RELATED PARTIES OR ITS RESPECTIVE SECURITIES. ACCORDINGLY, EACH LENDER REPRESENTS TO THE BORROWER AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT THAT IT HAS IDENTIFIED IN ITS ADMINISTRATIVE QUESTIONNAIRE A CREDIT CONTACT WHO MAY RECEIVE INFORMATION THAT MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW. 
 SECTION 9.14 USA PATRIOT Act . Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (the Patriot Act hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Patriot Act. 
 SECTION 9.15 Intentionally Omitted . 
 SECTION 9.16 Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the Charges ), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that 
 77 

would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the NYFRB Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender. 
 SECTION 9.17 No Fiduciary Duty, etc . The Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that no Credit Party will have any obligations except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents and each Credit Party is acting solely in the capacity of an arm s length contractual counterparty to the Borrower with respect to the Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated therein and not as a financial advisor or a fiduciary to, or an agent of, the Borrower or any other person. The Borrower agrees that it will not assert any claim against any Credit Party based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by such Credit Party in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. Additionally, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that no Credit Party is advising the Borrower as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting, regulatory or any other matters in any jurisdiction. The Borrower shall consult with its own advisors concerning such matters and shall be responsible for making its own independent investigation and appraisal of the transactions contemplated hereby, and the Credit Parties shall have no responsibility or liability to the Borrower with respect thereto. 
 The Borrower further acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that each Credit Party, together with its Affiliates, is a full service securities or banking firm engaged in securities trading and brokerage activities as well as providing investment banking and other financial services. In the ordinary course of business, any Credit Party may provide investment banking and other financial services to, and or acquire, hold or sell, for its own accounts and the accounts of customers, equity, debt and other securities and financial instruments (including bank loans and other obligations) of, the Borrower and other companies with which it may have commercial or other relationships. With respect to any securities and or financial instruments so held by any Credit Party or any of its customers, all rights in respect of such securities and financial instruments, including any voting rights, will be exercised by the holder of the rights, in its sole discretion. 
 In addition, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that each Credit Party and its affiliates may be providing debt financing, equity capital or other services (including financial advisory services) to other companies in respect of which the Borrower or its Subsidiaries may have conflicting interests regarding the transactions described herein and otherwise. No Credit Party will use confidential information obtained from the Borrower by virtue of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or its other relationships with the Borrower in connection with the performance by such Credit Party of services for other companies, and no Credit Party will furnish any such information to other companies. The Borrower also acknowledges that no Credit Party has any obligation to use in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, or to furnish to the Borrower, confidential information obtained from other companies. 
 SECTION 9.18 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 78 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 Signature Pages on file with the Administrative Agent 
 79 

EXHIBIT F-1 
 FORM OF BORROWING REQUEST 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders referred to below 
 131 South Dearborn, Floor 04 Chicago, Illinois 60603-5506 Attention Kathryn V Tyler 
 Facsimile (844) 490-5663 
 Email Address katy.tyler chase.com 

Re Northwest Natural Holding Company 
 Date 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 3, 2021 (as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Northwest Natural Holding Company (the Borrower ), the Lenders from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement. The Borrower hereby gives you notice pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Credit Agreement that it requests a Borrowing under the Credit Agreement, and in that connection the Borrower specifies the following information with respect to such Borrowing requested hereby 
 
 1. Aggregate principal amount of Borrowing 1 __________ 
 2. Date of Borrowing 2 (which shall be a Business Day) __________ 
 3. Type of Borrowing 3 __________ 
 4. Interest Period and the last day thereof (if a Term Benchmark Borrowing) 4 __________ 
 5. Location and number of the Borrower s account or any other account agreed upon by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to which proceeds of Borrowing are to be disbursed __________ 
 Signature Page Follows 
 
 1 Not less than applicable amounts specified in Section 2.02(c). 
 2 For RFR Loans based on Daily Simple SOFR, the date should be 5 Business Days after the date of the Borrowing Request. 
 3 Specify ABR Borrowing or Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing. If no election as to the Type of Borrowing specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. 
 4 Which must comply with the definition of Interest Period and end not later than the Maturity Date. 

The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the conditions to lending specified in Section 4.02 of the Credit Agreement are satisfied as of the date hereof. 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 NORTHWEST NATURAL HOLDING COMPANY, 
 as the Borrower 
 By Name Title 

EXHIBIT F-2 
 FORM OF INTEREST ELECTION REQUEST 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders referred to below 
 131 South Dearborn, Floor 04 Chicago, Illinois 60603-5663 Attention Kathryn V Tyler 
 Facsimile (844) 490-5663 
 Email Address katy.tyler chase.com 

Re Northwest Natural Holding Company 
 Date 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 3, 2021 (as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Northwest Natural Holding Company (the Borrower ), the Lenders from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement. The Borrower hereby gives you notice pursuant to Section 2.08 of the Credit Agreement that it requests to convert continue an existing Borrowing under the Credit Agreement, and in that connection the Borrower specifies the following information with respect to such conversion continuation requested hereby 
 
 1. List date, Type, principal amount and Interest Period (if applicable) of existing Borrowing __________ 
 2. Aggregate principal amount of resulting Borrowing __________ 
 3. Effective date of interest election (which shall be a Business Day) __________ 
 4. Type of Borrowing __________ 
 5. Interest Period and the last day thereof (if a Term Benchmark Borrowing) 5 __________ 
 Signature Page Follows 
 
 5 Applicable to Term Benchmark Borrowings only. Shall be subject to the definition of Interest Period and can be a period of one, three or six months. Cannot extend beyond the Maturity Date. If an Interest Period is not specified, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. 

Very truly yours, 
 NORTHWEST NATURAL HOLDING COMPANY, 
 as the Borrower 
 By Name Title 

</EX-4.I>

<EX-4.J>
 3
 ex4jamendedandrestatedcred.htm
 EX-4.J

Document 
 
 Exhibit 4j 

EXHIBIT A CONFORMED THROUGH AMENDMENT NO. 1 
 DATED JANUARY 20, 2023 
 
 EXECUTION VERSION 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 dated as of 
 November 3, 2021 
 among 
 NORTHWEST NATURAL GAS COMPANY, 
 The Lenders Party Hereto 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. as Administrative Agent 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
 U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Co-Syndication Agents 
 _______________________________ 
 J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC, 
 as Sustainability Structuring Agent 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 BOFA SECURITIES, INC., 
 U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION and WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, as Joint Bookrunners and Co-Lead Arrangers 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 

ARTICLE I Definitions 
 1 
 SECTION 1.01 Defined Terms 
 1 
 SECTION 1.02 Classification of Loans and Borrowings 
 2 3 
 SECTION 1.03 Terms Generally 
 23 
 SECTION 1.04 Accounting Terms GAAP Pro Forma Calculations 
 2 4 
 SECTION 1.05 Interest Rates Benchmark Notification 
 2 4 
 SECTION 1.06 Divisions 
 2 5 
 SECTION 1.07 Amendment and Restatement 
 2 5 
 SECTION 1.08 Sustainability Adjustments 
 2 6 
 SECTION 1.09 Letter of Credit Amounts 
 2 8 
 ARTICLE II The Credits 
 28 
 SECTION 2.01 Commitments 
 28 
 SECTION 2.02 Loans and Borrowings 
 28 
 SECTION 2.03 Requests for Revolving Borrowings 
 28 
 SECTION 2.04 Intentionally Omitted . 
 2 9 
 SECTION 2.05 Swingline Loans 
 2 9 
 SECTION 2.06 Letters of Credit 
 3 0 
 SECTION 2.07 Funding of Borrowings 
 3 4 
 SECTION 2.08 Interest Elections 
 3 5 
 SECTION 2.09 Termination and Reduction of Commitments 
 3 6 
 SECTION 2.10 Repayment of Loans Evidence of Debt 
 3 7 
 SECTION 2.11 Prepayment of Loans 
 3 7 
 SECTION 2.12 Fees 
 3 8 
 SECTION 2.13 Interest 
 3 8 
 SECTION 2.14 Alternate Rate of Interest 
 3 9 
 SECTION 2.15 Increased Costs 
 4 1 
 SECTION 2.16 Break Funding Payments 
 4 2 
 SECTION 2.17 Withholding of Taxes Gross-Up 
 4 2 
 SECTION 2.18 Payments Generally Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Set-offs 
 4 5 
 SECTION 2.19 Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders 
 4 6 
 SECTION 2.20 Expansion Option 
 4 7 
 SECTION 2.21 Defaulting Lenders 
 4 8 
 SECTION 2.22 Extension of Maturity Date 
 5 0 
 ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties 
 5 2 
 SECTION 3.01 Corporate Existence Authorization 
 52 
 SECTION 3.02 Enforceability 
 52 
 SECTION 3.03 Financial Condition No Material Adverse Change 
 52 
 SECTION 3.04 Compliance with Laws and Material Contractual Obligations 
 52 
 SECTION 3.05 No Material Litigation 
 52 
 SECTION 3.06 Ownership of Property 
 5 3 
 
 i 

Table of Contents (continued) 
 Page 

 SECTION 3.07 Taxes 
 53 
 SECTION 3.08 Subsidiaries 
 53 
 SECTION 3.09 Investment Company Act No Consents 
 53 
 SECTION 3.10 ERISA 
 53 
 SECTION 3.11 Environmental 
 53 
 SECTION 3.12 Margin Regulations 
 53 
 SECTION 3.13 Disclosure 
 5 4 
 SECTION 3.14 Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 
 54 
 SECTION 3.15 Affected Financial Institutions 
 54 
 SECTION 3.16 Plan Assets Prohibited Transactions 
 54 
 ARTICLE IV Conditions 
 54 
 SECTION 4.01 Restatement Effective Date 
 54 
 SECTION 4.02 Each Credit Event 
 5 6 
 ARTICLE V Affirmative Covenants 
 56 
 SECTION 5.01 Financial Statements and Other Information 
 56 
 SECTION 5.02 Certificates Other Information 
 5 7 
 SECTION 5.03 Payment of Taxes 
 57 
 SECTION 5.04 Conduct of Business 
 57 
 SECTION 5.05 Maintenance of Property Insurance 
 57 
 SECTION 5.06 Inspection of Property Books and Records Discussions 
 5 8 
 SECTION 5.07 Notices 
 58 
 SECTION 5.08 Use of Proceeds and Letters of Credit 
 58 
 SECTION 5.09 Debt Rating 
 58 
 ARTICLE VI Negative Covenants 
 58 
 SECTION 6.01 Fundamental Changes 
 58 
 SECTION 6.02 Financial Covenant 
 5 9 
 ARTICLE VII Events of Default 
 59 
 SECTION 7.01 Events of Default 
 59 
 SECTION 7.02 Application of Payments 
 6 0 
 ARTICLE VIII The Administrative Agent 
 6 1 
 SECTION 8.01 Authorization and Action 
 6 1 
 SECTION 8.02 Administrative Agent s Reliance, Indemnification, Etc 
 6 3 
 SECTION 8.03 Posting of Communications 
 6 4 
 SECTION 8.04 The Administrative Agent Individually 
 6 5 
 SECTION 8.05 Successor Administrative Agent 
 6 6 
 SECTION 8.06 Acknowledgments of Lenders and Issuing Banks 
 6 6 
 SECTION 8.07 Certain ERISA Matters 
 6 7 
 SECTION 8.08 Certain Sustainability Matters 
 6 9 
 ARTICLE IX Miscellaneous 
 6 9 
 SECTION 9.01 Notices 
 6 9 
 SECTION 9.02 Waivers Amendments 
 7 0 
 
 ii 

Table of Contents (continued) 
 Page 

 SECTION 9.03 Expenses Limitation of Liability Indemnity Etc. 
 7 1 
 SECTION 9.04 Successors and Assigns 
 7 3 
 SECTION 9.05 Survival 
 7 6 
 SECTION 9.06 Counterparts Integration Effectiveness Electronic Execution 
 7 6 
 SECTION 9.07 Severability 
 7 7 
 SECTION 9.08 Right of Setoff 
 7 7 
 SECTION 9.09 Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process 
 7 8 
 SECTION 9.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 
 7 8 
 SECTION 9.11 Headings 
 7 8 
 SECTION 9.12 Confidentiality 
 7 9 
 SECTION 9.13 Material Non-Public Information 
 7 9 
 SECTION 9.14 USA PATRIOT Act 
 7 9 
 SECTION 9.15 Intentionally Omitted 
 8 0 
 SECTION 9.16 Interest Rate Limitation 
 80 
 SECTION 9.17 No Fiduciary Duty, etc 
 80 
 SECTION 9.18 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 
 80 

iii 

Table of Contents (continued) 
 Page 

 SCHEDULES 
 Schedule 1.08 Sustainability Table 
 Schedule 2.01A Commitments 
 Schedule 2.01B Letter of Credit Commitments 
 Schedule 3.08 Subsidiaries EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit A Form of Assignment and Assumption 
 Exhibit B Form of Increasing Lender Supplement 
 Exhibit C Form of Augmenting Lender Supplement 
 Exhibit D List of Closing Documents Exhibit E-1 Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships) 
 Exhibit E-2 Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships) 
 Exhibit E-3 Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships) 
 Exhibit E-4 Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships) 
 Exhibit F-1 Form of Borrowing Request 
 Exhibit F-2 Form of Interest Election Request 
 Exhibit G Form of Pricing Certificate 

iv 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement dated as of November 3, 2021 among NORTHWEST NATURAL GAS COMPANY, the LENDERS from time to time party hereto, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Co-Syndication Agents. 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent thereunder, are currently party to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of October 2, 2018 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the Restatement Effective Date, the Existing Credit Agreement 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Lenders party hereto and the Administrative Agent have agreed to enter into this Agreement in order to (i) amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement in its entirety, (ii) extend the maturity date in respect of the existing revolving credit facility under the Existing Credit Agreement, (iii) re-evidence the Obligations under, and as defined in, the Existing Credit Agreement, which shall be repayable in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and (iv) set forth the terms and conditions under which the Lenders will, from time to time, make loans and extend other financial accommodations to or for the benefit of the Borrower 
 WHEREAS, it is the intent of the parties hereto that this Agreement not constitute a novation of the obligations and liabilities of the parties under the Existing Credit Agreement or be deemed to evidence or constitute full repayment of such obligations and liabilities, but that this Agreement amend and restate in its entirety the Existing Credit Agreement and re-evidence the obligations and liabilities of the Borrower outstanding thereunder, which shall be payable in accordance with the terms hereof and 
 WHEREAS, it is also the intent of the Borrower to confirm that all obligations under the applicable Loan Documents (as referred to and defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) shall continue in full force and effect as modified or restated by the Loan Documents (as referred to and defined herein) and that, from and after the Restatement Effective Date, all references to the Credit Agreement contained in any such existing Loan Documents shall be deemed to refer to this Agreement 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree that the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated as follows 
 ARTICLE I Definitions 
 SECTION 1.01 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below 
 ABR , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 
 Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR means an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily Simple SOFR, plus (b) 0.10 provided that if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Adjusted Term SOFR Rate means, for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period, plus (b) 0.10 provided that if the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 

Administrative Agent means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (including its branches and affiliates), in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder, and any successor appointed in accordance with Article VIII . 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 
 Agent-Related Person has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(c). 
 Aggregate Commitment means the aggregate of the Commitments of all of the Lenders, as reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof. As of the Restatement Effective Date, the Aggregate Commitment is 400,000,000. 
 Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus 1 2 of 1 and (c) the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for a one month Interest Period as published two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the immediately preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day) plus 1 provided that for the purpose of this definition, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for any day shall be based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5 00 a.m. Chicago time on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate), as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology. Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, respectively. If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.14 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 2.14(b)), then the Alternate Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Alternate Base Rate as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than 1.0 , such rate shall be deemed to be 1.0 for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Amendment No. 1 means that certain Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2023, among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto. 
 Amendment No. 1 Effective Date means the date on which each of the conditions set forth in Section 2 of Amendment No. 1 are satisfied (or waived), which date is January 20, 2023. 
 Ancillary Document has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.06(b). 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to money laundering, bribery or corruption. 
 Applicable Party has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.03(c). 
 Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the Aggregate Commitment represented by such Lender s Commitment provided that, in the case of Section 2.21 when a Defaulting Lender shall exist, Applicable Percentage shall mean the percentage of the Aggregate Commitment (disregarding any Defaulting Lender s Commitment) represented by such 
 2 

Lender s Commitment. If the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments and to any Lender s status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of determination. 
 Applicable Rate means, for any day, with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan or any ABR Loan or with respect to the facility fees payable hereunder, as the case may be, the applicable rate per annum set forth below under the caption Term Benchmark and RFR Spread , ABR Spread or Facility Fee Rate , as the case may be, based upon the Debt Rating applicable on such date 
 Pricing Level Debt Rating 
 Term Benchmark and RFR Spread ABR Spread 
 Facility Fee Rate Level I AA- or higher Aa3 or higher 
 0.680 0.000 0.070 Level II A+ A1 0.795 0.000 0.080 Level III A A2 0.900 0.000 0.100 Level IV A- A3 1.000 0.000 0.125 Level V BBB+ Baa1 1.075 0.075 0.175 Level VI BBB or below Baa2 or below 1.275 0.275 0.225 
 
 For purposes of the foregoing, (i) if only one of S&P and Moody s shall have in effect a Debt Rating, the applicable Pricing Level shall be determined by reference to the available rating (ii) if neither S&P nor Moody s shall have in effect a Debt Rating, the applicable Pricing Level will be set in accordance with Level VI (iii) if the ratings established or deemed to have been established by Moody s and S&P for the Debt Rating shall fall within different Pricing Levels, the applicable Pricing Level shall be based on the better of the two ratings unless the ratings are not in two adjacent Pricing Levels, in which case the applicable Pricing Level shall be determined by reference to the Pricing Level one level below the Pricing Level corresponding to the better of the two ratings and (iv) if the Debt Ratings established or deemed to have been established by Moody s and S&P shall be changed, such change shall be effective as of the date on which it is first publicly announced by the applicable rating agency. Each change in Pricing Level shall apply during the period commencing on the effective date of such change and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. 
 It is hereby understood and agreed that the Term Benchmark and RFR Spread (including with respect to the Letter of Credit fees payable pursuant to Section 2.12(b)(i)) and the ABR Spread set forth in the table above shall be adjusted from time to time based upon the Sustainability Rate Adjustment and Facility Fee Rate set forth in the table above shall be adjusted from time to time based upon the Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment, in each case to be calculated and applied as set forth in Section 1.08 provided , that in no event shall the Applicable Rate be less than zero. 
 Approved Electronic Platform has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.03(a). 
 Approved Fund has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b). 
 Arrangers means each of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., BofA Securities, Inc., U.S. Bank National Association and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, in their respective capacities as joint bookrunners and co-lead arrangers hereunder. 
 3 

Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit A or any other form (including electronic records generated by the use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Augmenting Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 
 Authorized Officer means the chief executive officer, the president, any vice president, the treasurer or any assistant treasurer of the Borrower. 
 Availability Period means the period from and including the Restatement Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the Maturity Date and the date of termination of the Commitments. 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (e) of Section 2.14. 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment or has had any order for relief in such proceeding entered in respect thereof, provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof, unless such ownership interest results in or provides such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permits such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 
 Benchmark means, initially, with respect to any (i) RFR Loan (following a Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate), Daily Simple SOFR or (ii) Term Benchmark Loan, the Term SOFR Rate provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and the related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the Daily Simple SOFR or Term SOFR Rate, as applicable, or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (b) of Section 2.14. 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date 
 4 

(1) the sum of (a) Daily Simple SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, 
 (2) the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to the above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in Dollars at such time. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and or any Term Benchmark Loan, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any applicable Benchmark and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark 
 (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication 
 5 

referenced in such clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark 
 (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14. 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership or control as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which 
 6 

Section 4975 of the Code applies, and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 Borrower means Northwest Natural Gas Company, an Oregon corporation. 
 Borrower Materials has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.02. 
 Borrowing means (a) Revolving Loans of the same Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect or (b) a Swingline Loan. 
 Borrowing Request means a request by the Borrower for a Revolving Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03, which shall be substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit F-1 or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Business Day means, any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in New York City provided that, in addition to the foregoing, a Business Day shall be a day that is also a U.S. Government Securities Business Day (a) in relation to RFR Loans and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such RFR Loan, or any other dealings of such RFR Loan and (b) in relation to Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or any other dealings of such Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate. 
 Carbon Savings KPI means aggregate metric tons of greenhouse gasses saved since 2015 by the Borrower, as determined and calculated by the Borrower using the Carbon Savings KPI Calculation Methodology. 
 Carbon Savings KPI Calculation Methodology means the calculation methodology used by the Borrower to report carbon savings of 379,064 metric tons in Holdings 2020 Environmental, Social and Governance Report (a copy of which report has been delivered to the Administrative Agent, the Sustainability Structuring Agent and the Lenders prior to the Restatement Effective Date or otherwise published on an Internet or intranet website to which each Lender, the Sustainability Structuring Agent and the Administrative Agent have been granted access free of charge (or at the expense of the Borrower)), and as identified in the Baseline column of the Sustainability Table. 
 Carbon Savings KPI Applicable Rate Adjustment Amount means, with respect to any period between Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Dates, (a) positive 0.020 , if the Carbon Savings KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is less than the Carbon Savings KPI Threshold A for such period, (b) 0.000 , if the Carbon Savings KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is more than or equal to the Carbon Savings KPI Threshold A for such period but less than the Carbon Savings KPI Target A for such period, and (c) negative 0.020 , if the Carbon Savings KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is more than or equal to Carbon Savings KPI Target A for such period. 
 Carbon Savings KPI Facility Fee Adjustment Amount means, with respect to any period between Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Dates, (a) positive 0.005 , if the Carbon Savings KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is less than the Carbon Savings KPI Threshold A for such period, (b) 0.000 , if the Carbon Savings KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is more than or equal to the Carbon Savings KPI Threshold A for such period but less than the Carbon Savings KPI Target A for such period, and (c) negative 0.005 , if the Carbon Savings KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is more than or equal to Carbon Savings KPI Target A for such period. 
 Carbon Savings KPI Target A means, with respect to any Reference Year, the Carbon Savings KPI Target A for such Reference Year as set forth in the Sustainability Table. 
 7 

Carbon Savings KPI Threshold A means, with respect to any Reference Year, the Carbon Savings KPI Threshold A for such Reference Year as set forth in the Sustainability Table. 
 Change in Control means that (a)(i) either (x) a person or group (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) has acquired more than 50 of the voting stock of Holdings or (y) a majority of the board of directors of Holdings shall cease to be composed of individuals who were members of such board on the Restatement Effective Date Existing Directors or were approved by a majority of the Existing Directors and previously approved directors and (ii) at the time of, or at any time during the one-year period following, an event described in the preceding clause (a)(i) , the Borrower either (x) has a rating that is not an Investment Grade Rating from any one of S&P, Fitch or Moody s or (y) does not have a credit rating from at least one of S&P, Fitch or Moody s or (b) Holdings shall cease to own, directly or indirectly, 100 of the Equity Interests of the Borrower (other than a single share of the junior preferred capital stock of the Borrower held by an independent third party), free and clear of any lien, pledge, charge or other security interest. 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement (or, with respect to any Lender, such later date on which such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement), of (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority, or (c) compliance by any Lender or Issuing Bank (or, for purposes of Section 2.15(b), by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company, if any) with any request, rule, guideline, requirement or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives thereunder, or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof, and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 
 Charges has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.16. 
 Class , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans. 
 CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator). 
 Co-Syndication Agents means each of Bank of America, N.A., U.S. Bank National Association and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Commissions means, collectively, the Oregon Public Utility Commission and the Washington Utilities and Transportation Commission. 
 Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make Revolving Loans and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate amount of such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced or terminated from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09, (b) increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.20 and (c) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04. The initial amount of each Lender s Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01A , or in the Assignment and Assumption or other documentation or record (as such term is defined in Section 9-102(a)(70) of the New York Uniform Commercial Code) as provided in Section 9.04(b)(ii)(C), pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Commitment, as applicable. 
 8 

Commitment Schedule means Schedule 2.01A and Schedule 2.01B attached hereto, as the context may require. 
 Communications has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.03(c). 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are gross receipts or franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Consolidated Indebtedness means, at a particular date, all Indebtedness, calculated for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 
 Credit Event means a Borrowing, the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit, an LC Disbursement or any of the foregoing. 
 Credit Party means the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender. 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day (such day SOFR Determination Date that is five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. 
 Debt Rating means the rating assigned by S&P or Moody s, as applicable, to the Borrower s senior, unsecured, non-credit enhanced long-term debt provided that, (a) if the Borrower s senior, unsecured, non-credit enhanced long-term debt is not rated by S&P, Debt Rating for S&P shall mean the rating that is one level below the rating assigned by S&P to the Borrower s senior, secured long-term debt and (b) if the Borrower s senior, unsecured, non-credit enhanced long-term debt is not rated by Moody s, Debt Rating for Moody s shall mean the rating that is one level below the rating assigned by Moody s to the Borrower s senior, secured long-term debt. 
 Default means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 
 Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two (2) Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans or (iii) pay over to any Credit Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, a condition precedent to funding has not been satisfied or is subject to a good faith dispute and such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such Lender has not funded because, in such Lender s good faith determination, such condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Borrower or any Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a Loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or 
 9 

generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after request by a Credit Party, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations) to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Credit Party s receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, or (d) has become the subject of (A) a Bankruptcy Event or (B) a Bail-In Action. 
 Dollars or refers to lawful money of the United States of America. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Electronic Signature means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 
 Environmental Laws means all laws, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions, notices or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority, relating in any way to (i) the environment, (ii) preservation or reclamation of natural resources, (iii) the management, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Material or (iv) health and safety matters. 
 Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower or any Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 Equity Interests means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any such equity interest, but excluding any debt securities convertible into any of the foregoing. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Borrower, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or Section 4001(b)(1) of ERISA or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. 
 ERISA Event means (a) any Reportable Event (b) the failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard (as defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not 
 10 

waived (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan (d) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan (e) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan (f) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal of the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan or (g) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition upon the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 
 Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.01. 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), gross receipts, franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. Federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 2.19(b)) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.17, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 2.17(f) and (d) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
 Existing Credit Agreement has the meaning assigned to it in the Recitals to this Agreement. 
 Existing Maturity Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(a). 
 Extending Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(b)(ii). 
 Extension Request means a written request from the Borrower to the Administrative Agent requesting an extension of the Maturity Date pursuant to Section 2.22. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code. 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such day s federal funds transactions by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as shall be set forth on the NYFRB s Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate provided that if the Federal Funds Effective Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 11 

Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 
 Financial Officer means the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower. 
 Fitch means Fitch, Inc., doing business as Fitch Ratings. 
 Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the initial Floor for each of Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR shall be 0 . 
 Foreign Lender means (a) if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America in effect from time to time. 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government. 
 Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. 
 Holdings means Northwest Natural Holding Company, an Oregon corporation. 
 Hostile Acquisition means (a) the acquisition of the Equity Interests of a Person through a tender offer or similar solicitation of the owners of such Equity Interests which has not been approved (prior to such acquisition) by the board of directors (or any other applicable governing body) of such Person or by similar action if such Person is not a corporation and (b) any such acquisition as to which such approval has been withdrawn. 
 Hybrid Securities means debt or equity securities that meet the following requirements (a) such securities are issued by (i) the Borrower or (ii) a Subsidiary or an independent trust (a Hybrid Securities Subsidiary that engages in no business other than the issuance of such securities and lending the proceeds thereof to the Borrower (b) each of such securities of the Borrower and the loans, if any, made to the Borrower by the applicable Hybrid Securities Subsidiary with the proceeds of such securities (i) are subordinated to the payment by the Borrower of its obligations hereunder in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (ii) require no repayment, prepayment, mandatory redemption or mandatory repurchase prior to the date that is at least 91 days after the scheduled Maturity Date and (c) such securities are classified as possessing a minimum of at least one of the following (x) intermediate equity content by S&P, (y) Basket C equity credit by Moody s and (z) 50 equity credit by Fitch. 
 Increasing Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 
 Incremental Term Loan has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 
 Incremental Term Loan Amendment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 
 12 

Indebtedness of a Person means, at a particular date, the sum (without duplication) at such date of (a) indebtedness for borrowed money or for the deferred purchase price of property, goods or services, excluding (i) trade accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) pension liabilities that are not then due and payable and (iii) obligations in respect of Hybrid Securities that are not then due and payable, (b) obligations of such Person under capitalized leases and synthetic leases, (c) debts of third persons guaranteed by such Person or secured by property of such Person (provided that the amount of Indebtedness secured by property of such Person shall be the lesser of (x) the fair market value of such property as of the date of determination and (y) the amount of the Indebtedness as of the date of determination) and (d) any non-contingent reimbursement obligations of such Person in respect of letters of credit, acceptances or similar obligations issued or created for the account of such Person. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a) hereof, Other Taxes. 
 Indemnitee has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.03(b). 
 Ineligible Institution has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b). 
 Information has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.12. 
 Information Memorandum means the Confidential Information Memorandum dated October 13, 2021 relating to the Borrower and the Transactions. 
 Interest Election Request means a request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Revolving Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.08, which shall be substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit F-2 or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan (other than a Swingline Loan), the second Business Day following the last day of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date, (b) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration after the first day of such Interest Period and the Maturity Date, (c) with respect to any Swingline Loan, the day that such Loan is required to be repaid and the Maturity Date and (d) with respect to any RFR Loan, (1) each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month) and (2) the Maturity Date. 
 Interest Period means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or six months thereafter (in each case, subject to the availability for the Benchmark applicable to the relevant Loan or Commitment), as the Borrower may elect provided , that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (ii) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period, and (iii) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.14(e) shall be available for specification in such Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and, in the case of a Revolving Borrowing, thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. 
 Investment Grade Rating means, for S&P, Fitch or Moody s, as applicable, (a) if such rating agency has a rating assigned to the Borrower s senior, unsecured, non-credit enhanced long-term debt of BBB- or higher by S&P or Fitch and Baa3 or higher by Moody s and (b) if such rating agency 
 13 

does not have a rating assigned to the Borrower s senior, unsecured, non-credit enhanced long-term debt but has a rating assigned to the Borrower s senior, secured long-term debt, BBB or higher by S&P or Fitch and Baa2 or higher by Moody s. 
 IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 Issuing Bank means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A., U.S. Bank National Association and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and any other Lender that agrees to act as an Issuing Bank (in each case, through itself or through one of its designated Affiliates or branch offices), each in its capacity as the issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, and its successors in such capacity as provided in Section 2.06(i). Any Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of such Issuing Bank, in which case the term Issuing Bank shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. Each reference herein to the Issuing Bank in connection with a Letter of Credit or other matter shall be deemed to be a reference to the relevant Issuing Bank with respect thereto. 
 KPI Metric means each of the Carbon Savings KPI and the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI. 
 KPI Metric Calculation Methodology means the Carbon Savings KPI Metric Calculation Methodology and the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Calculation Methodology. 
 KPI Metrics Report means an annual report (it being understood that this annual report may take the form of the annual Sustainability Report) that sets forth the calculations for each KPI Metric for a specific Reference Year. The Sustainability Assurance Provider shall attest to the KPI Metrics for verification of the method of calculation of each KPI Metric in conformity with the applicable KPI Metric Calculation Methodology. 
 LC Collateral Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(j). 
 LC Disbursement means a payment made by an Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit. 
 LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time. The LC Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the total LC Exposure at such time. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Article 29(a) of the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time) or Rule 3.13 or Rule 3.14 of the International Standby Practices, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time) or similar terms of the Letter of Credit itself, or if compliant documents have been presented but not yet honored, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding and undrawn in the amount so remaining available to be paid, and the obligations of the Borrower and each Lender shall remain in full force and effect until the Issuing Banks and the Lenders shall have no further obligations to make any payments or disbursements under any circumstances with respect to any Letter of Credit. 
 Lender Parent means, with respect to any Lender, any Person as to which such Lender is, directly or indirectly, a subsidiary. 
 Lender-Related Person has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.03(d). 
 Lenders means the Persons listed on Schedule 2.01A and any other Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or otherwise, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or otherwise. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Lenders includes the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Banks. 
 14 

Letter of Credit means any letter of credit issued pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Letter of Credit Agreement has the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.06(b). 
 Letter of Credit Commitment means, with respect to each Issuing Bank, the commitment of such Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder. The initial amount of each Issuing Bank s Letter of Credit Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01B, or if an Issuing Bank has entered into an Assignment and Assumption or has otherwise assumed a Letter of Credit Commitment after the Restatement Effective Date, the amount set forth for such Issuing Bank as its Letter of Credit Commitment in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent. The Letter of Credit Commitment of an Issuing Bank may be modified from time to time by agreement between such Issuing Bank and the Borrower, and notified to the Administrative Agent. 
 Liabilities means any losses, claims (including intraparty claims), demands, damages or liabilities of any kind. 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement, including schedules and exhibits hereto, and any agreements entered into in connection herewith by the Borrower with or in favor of the Administrative Agent and or the Lenders, including any promissory notes issued pursuant to Section 2.10(e), any amendments, modifications or supplements thereto or waivers thereof, UCC filings, letter of credit applications and any agreements between the Borrower and an Issuing Bank regarding the issuance by such Issuing Bank of Letters of Credit hereunder and or the respective rights and obligations between the Borrower and such Issuing Bank in connection thereunder and any other documents instruments or certificates delivered by the Borrower pursuant to the terms of any other Loan Document. Any reference in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to a Loan Document shall include all appendices, exhibits or schedules thereto, and all amendments, restatements, supplements or other modifications thereto, and shall refer to this Agreement or such Loan Document as the same may be in effect at any and all times such reference becomes operative. 
 Loans means the loans made by the Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Margin Stock means margin stock within the meaning of Regulations T, U and X, as applicable. 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the operations, the business or financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Borrower to perform any of its Obligations or (c) the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any and all other Loan Documents or the rights or remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders thereunder. 
 Maturity Date means, with respect to any Lender, the later of (a) November 3, 2026 and (b) if the maturity date is extended for such Lender pursuant to Section 2.22, such extended maturity date as determined pursuant to such Section provided , however , in each case, if such date is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Business Day. 
 Maximum Rate has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.16. 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 
 Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. 
 Non-extending Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(a). 
 NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 15 

NYFRB s Website means the website of the NYFRB at http www.newyorkfed.org or any successor source. 
 NYFRB Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day) provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11 00 a.m. on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it provided, further, that if any of the aforesaid rates as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Obligations means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any debtor relief laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed or allowable claims in such proceeding. Without limiting the foregoing, the Obligations include (a) the obligation to pay principal, interest, Letter of Credit commissions, charges, expenses, fees, indemnities and other amounts payable by the Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) the obligation of the Borrower to reimburse any amount in respect of any of the foregoing that the Administrative Agent or any Lender, in each case in its sole discretion, may elect to pay or advance on behalf of the Borrower. 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury. 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan, Letter of Credit or Loan Document). 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.19). 
 Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurodollar transactions denominated in Dollars by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on the NYFRB s Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate. 
 Participant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c). 
 Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c). 
 Patriot Act has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.14. 
 Payment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.06(c). 
 Payment Notice has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.06(c). 
 16 

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 
 Plan Asset Regulations means 29 CFR 2510.3-101 et seq., as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
 Platform has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.02. 
 Pricing Certificate means a certificate executed by the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, treasurer, controller or any vice president of the Borrower and attaching (a) true and correct copies of the KPI Metrics Report for the most recently ended Reference Year and setting forth the Sustainability Rate Adjustment and the Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment for the period covered thereby and computations in reasonable detail in respect thereof and (b) a review report of the Sustainability Assurance Provider confirming that the Sustainability Assurance Provider is not aware of any modifications that should be made to such computations in order for them to be presented in all material respects in conformity with the KPI Metric Calculation Methodology. 
 Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.08(d). 
 Prime Rate means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective. 
 Proceeding means any claim, litigation, investigation, action, suit, arbitration or administrative, judicial or regulatory action or proceeding in any jurisdiction. 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 Public Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.02. 
 Recipient means (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender and (c) any Issuing Bank, as applicable. 
 Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR Rate, 5 00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (2) if, following a Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate, such Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, then four (4) Business Days prior to such setting and (3) if such Benchmark is not the Term SOFR Rate or Daily Simple SOFR, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Reference Year means, with respect to any Pricing Certificate, the fiscal year ending immediately prior to the date of such Pricing Certificate. 
 17 

Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b). 
 Regulation D means Regulation D of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Regulation T means Regulation T of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Regulation U means Regulation U of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Regulation X means Regulation X of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and representatives of such Person and such Person s Affiliates. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board or the NYFRB, or, in each case, any successor thereto. 
 Relevant Rate means (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or (ii) with respect to any RFR Borrowing following a Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, as applicable. 
 Reportable Event means a reportable event, as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA and the regulations issued under such section, with respect to a Plan, excluding any event as to which the PBGC by regulation waived the requirements of Section 4043(a) of ERISA that it be notified within 30 days of the occurrence of such event, provided that a failure to meet the minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Code and of Section 302 of ERISA shall be a Reportable Event regardless of the issuance of any such waiver of the notice requirement in accordance with either Section 4043(a) of ERISA or Section 412(c) of the Code. 
 Replacement Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(c). 
 Required Filings means (a) the filing made by the Borrower on or about October 4, 2021 with the Oregon Public Utility Commission, requesting approval of this Agreement, which was obtained by Order No. 21-335 of such Commission entered October 21, 2021, and (b) the notice filing made by the Borrower on or about October 25, 2021 with the Washington Utilities and Transportation Commission. 
 Required Lenders means, subject to Section 2.21, at any time, Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments representing more than 50 of the sum of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure and unused Commitments at such time provided that, for purposes of declaring the Loans to be due and payable pursuant to Section 7.01, and for all purposes after the Loans become due and payable pursuant to Section 7.01 or the Commitments expire or terminate, then, as to each Lender, clause (a) of the definition of Swingline Exposure shall only be applicable for purposes of determining the Revolving Credit Exposure of such Lender to the extent such Lender shall have funded its participation in the outstanding Swingline Loans. 
 Requirement of Law means, as to any Person, the certificate of incorporation and bylaws or other organizational or governing documents of such Person, and any law, treaty, rule or regulation or order or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. 
 18 

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Response Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(a). 
 Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, the president, any senior vice president, the chief financial officer, the chief accounting officer, the treasurer or the general counsel of the Borrower. 
 Restatement Effective Date means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02). 
 Revolving Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans, its LC Exposure and its Swingline Exposure at such time. 
 Revolving Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.03. 
 RFR Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the RFR Loans comprising such Borrowing. 
 RFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR. 
 S&P means Standard & Poor s Ratings Services, a Standard & Poor s Financial Services LLC business. 
 Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory (other than the United States or any region or territory therein) which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (at the time of this Agreement, the so-called Donetsk People s Republic, the so-called Luhansk People s Republic, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria). 
 Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, His Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom, or other relevant sanctions authority, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b), or (d) any Person otherwise the subject of any Sanctions. 
 Sanctions means all economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, His Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority. 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States of America. 
 Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933. 
 Significant Subsidiary means a Subsidiary that is a significant subsidiary as that term is defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC (as in effect on the Restatement Effective Date). 
 SOFR means, a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 
 19 

SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the NYFRB s Website, currently at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 SOFR Determination Date has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 
 SOFR Rate Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 
 subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the parent at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50 of the equity or more than 50 of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50 of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, Controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled, by the parent and or one or more subsidiaries of the parent. 
 Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Borrower. 
 Sustainability Assurance Provider means PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, or any replacement sustainability assurance provider thereof as designated from time to time by the Borrower provided, that, any such replacement Sustainability Assurance Provider (a) shall be (i) a qualified external reviewer, independent of Holdings and its Subsidiaries, with relevant expertise, such as an auditor, environmental consultant and or independent ratings agency of recognized national standing or (ii) another firm designated by the Borrower and approved by the Required Lenders, and (b) shall apply substantially the same attestation standards and methodology used in the KPI Metric Calculation Methodologies, except for any changes to such standards and or methodology that are approved by the Borrower and either (x) are consistent with then generally accepted industry standards or (y) if not so consistent, are approved by the Required Lenders. 
 Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment means, with respect to any KPI Metrics Report for any period between Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Dates, an amount (whether positive, negative or zero), expressed as a percentage, equal to the sum of (a) the Carbon Savings KPI Facility Fee Adjustment Amount (whether positive, negative or zero), plus (b) the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Facility Fee Adjustment Amount (whether positive, negative or zero), in each case for such period. 
 Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Date has the meaning specified in Section 1.08(a). 
 Sustainability Rate Adjustment with respect to any KPI Metrics Report for any period between Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Dates, an amount (whether positive, negative or zero), expressed as a percentage, equal to the sum of (a) the Carbon Savings KPI Applicable Rate Adjustment Amount (whether positive, negative or zero), plus (b) the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Applicable Rate Adjustment Amount (whether positive, negative or zero), in each case for such period. 
 Sustainability Report means the annual non-financial disclosure report reported by the Borrower (it being understood that this report may take the form of Holdings annual Environmental, Social and Governance Report, a separate sustainability report or a separate report regarding only the KPI Metrics) and published on an Internet or intranet website to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have been granted access free of charge (or at the expense of the Borrower). 
 Sustainability Structuring Agent means J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, in its capacity as sustainability structuring agent hereunder. 
 Sustainability Table means the Sustainability Table set forth on Schedule 1.08 hereto. 
 20 

Swap Agreement means any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, future or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Borrower or the Subsidiaries shall be a Swap Agreement. 
 Swingline Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time. The Swingline Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be the sum of (a) its Applicable Percentage of the total Swingline Exposure at such time other than with respect to any Swingline Loans made by such Lender in its capacity as a Swingline Lender and (b) the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans made by such Lender as a Swingline Lender outstanding at such time (less the amount of participations funded by the other Lenders in such Swingline Loans). 
 Swingline Lender means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as lender of Swingline Loans hereunder. 
 Swingline Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.05. 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), value added taxes, or any other goods and services, use or sales taxes, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Term Benchmark when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate. 
 Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate. 
 Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5 00 a.m., Chicago time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator. 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day ), with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and identified by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5 00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then so long as such day is otherwise a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. 
 Total Capitalization means the sum of Indebtedness, Equity Interests, additional paid-in capital and retained earnings of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken on a consolidated basis after eliminating all intercompany items. 
 21 

Total Revolving Credit Exposure means the sum of the outstanding principal amount of all Lenders Revolving Loans, their LC Exposure and their Swingline Exposure at such time provided, that, clause (a) of the definition of Swingline Exposure shall only be applicable to the extent Lenders shall have funded their respective participations in the outstanding Swingline Loans. 
 Transactions means the execution and delivery by the Borrower of, and the performance by the Borrower of its obligations under, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the borrowing of Loans and other credit extensions, the use of the proceeds thereof and the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder. 
 Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI means miles of the Borrower s transmission pipeline that are inspected using the in-line inspection approach, as determined and calculated by the Borrower using the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Calculation Methodology. 
 Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Calculation Methodology means the calculation methodology used by the Borrower to report 42 miles of transmission pipeline inspected in the Borrower s U.S. DOT PHMSA Annual Report for the calendar year 2020, a copy of which report has been delivered to the Administrative Agent, the Sustainability Structuring Agent and the Lenders prior to the Closing Date, and as identified in the Baseline column of the Sustainability Table. 
 Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Applicable Rate Adjustment Amount means, with respect to any period between Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Dates, (a) positive 0.020 , if the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is less than the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Threshold B for such period, (b) 0.000 , if the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is more than or equal to the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Threshold B for such period but less than the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Target B for such period, and (c) negative 0.020 , if the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is more than or equal to Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Target B for such period. 
 Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Facility Fee Adjustment Amount means, with respect to any period between Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Dates, (a) positive 0.005 , if the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is less than the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Threshold B for such period, (b) 0.000 , if the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is more than or equal to the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Threshold B for such period but less than the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Target B for such period, and (c) negative 0.005 , if the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is more than or equal to Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Target B for such period. 
 Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Target B means, with respect to any calendar year, the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Target B for such calendar year as set forth in the Sustainability Table. 
 Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Threshold B means, with respect to any Reference Year, the Transmission Pipeline Inspection KPI Threshold B for such Reference Year as set forth in the Sustainability Table. 
 Type , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or the Alternate Base Rate. 
 UK Financial Institutions means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 22 

UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 U.S. Person means a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(B)(3). 
 Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part 1 of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 SECTION 1.02 Classification of Loans and Borrowings . For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class e.g ., a Revolving Loan or by Type e.g ., a Term Benchmark Loan or an RFR Loan or by Class and Type e.g ., a Term Benchmark Revolving Loan ). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class e.g ., a Revolving Borrowing or by Type e.g ., a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing or by Class and Type e.g ., a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing ). 
 SECTION 1.03 Terms Generally . The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . The word law shall be construed as referring to all statutes, rules, regulations, codes and other laws (including official rulings and interpretations thereunder having the force of law or with which affected Persons customarily comply), and all judgments, orders and decrees, of all Governmental Authorities. Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns (subject to any restrictions on assignment set forth herein) and, in the case of any Governmental Authority, any other Governmental Authority that shall have succeeded to any or all functions thereof, (c) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement, (e) any reference to any law, rule or regulation herein shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law, rule or 
 23 

regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time and (f) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
 SECTION 1.04 Accounting Terms GAAP Pro Forma Calculations . (a) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time provided that, if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made without giving effect to (i) any election under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 825 (or any other Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Borrower or any Subsidiary at fair value , as defined therein and (ii) any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof. 
 (b) All pro forma computations required to be made hereunder giving effect to any acquisition or disposition, or issuance, incurrence or assumption of Indebtedness, or other transaction shall in each case be calculated giving pro forma effect thereto (and, in the case of any pro forma computation made hereunder to determine whether such acquisition or disposition, or issuance, incurrence or assumption of Indebtedness, or other transaction is permitted to be consummated hereunder, to any other such transaction consummated since the first day of the period covered by any component of such pro forma computation and on or prior to the date of such computation) as if such transaction had occurred on the first day of the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ending with the most recent fiscal quarter for which financial statements shall have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or 5.01(b) (or, prior to the delivery of any such financial statements, ending with the last fiscal quarter included in the financial statements referred to in Section 3.03(a)), and, to the extent applicable, to the historical earnings and cash flows associated with the assets acquired or disposed of (but without giving effect to any synergies or cost savings) and any related incurrence or reduction of Indebtedness, all in accordance with Article 11 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act. If any Indebtedness bears a floating rate of interest and is being given pro forma effect, the interest on such Indebtedness shall be calculated as if the rate in effect on the date of determination had been the applicable rate for the entire period (taking into account any Swap Agreement applicable to such Indebtedness). 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 1.04(a), any change in accounting for leases pursuant to GAAP resulting from the adoption of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) FAS 842 ), to the extent such adoption would require treating any lease (or similar arrangement conveying the right to use) as a capital lease where such lease (or similar arrangement) would not have been required to be so treated under GAAP as in effect on December 31, 2015, such lease shall not be considered a capital lease, and all calculations (including with respect to assets and liabilities associated with such lease) and deliverables under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be made or delivered, as applicable, in accordance therewith. 
 SECTION 1.05 Interest Rates Benchmark Notification . The interest rate on a Loan denominated in Dollars may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, Section 2.14(b) provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any 
 24 

liability with respect to, the administration, submission, performance or any other matter related to any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof, including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates and or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other Person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 SECTION 1.06 Divisions . For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws) (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized and acquired on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 
 SECTION 1.07 Amendment and Restatement . 
 (a) The parties to this Agreement agree that, on the Restatement Effective Date, the terms and provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement shall be and hereby are amended, superseded and restated in their entirety by the terms and provisions of this Agreement. Neither the execution, delivery and acceptance of this Agreement nor any of the terms, covenants, conditions or other provisions set forth herein are intended, nor shall they be deemed or construed, to effect a novation of any liens or indebtedness or other obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) or to pay, extinguish, release, satisfy or discharge (i) all or any part of the indebtedness or other obligations evidenced by the Existing Credit Agreement, (ii) the liability of any Person under the Existing Credit Agreement or the Loan Documents (as defined under the Existing Credit Agreement) executed and delivered in connection therewith or (iii) the liability of any Person with respect to the Existing Credit Agreement or any indebtedness or other obligations evidenced thereby. All Loans made, and Obligations incurred, under the Existing Credit Agreement which are outstanding on the Restatement Effective Date (and not terminated or otherwise repaid with the proceeds of any Loans made hereunder on the Restatement Effective Date) shall be re-evidenced as Loans and Obligations, respectively, under (and shall be governed by the terms of) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 (b) Without limiting the foregoing, upon the effectiveness of the amendment and restatement contemplated hereby on the Restatement Effective Date and except as otherwise expressly provided herein 
 (i) all references in the Loan Documents (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) to the Administrative Agent , the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents shall be deemed to refer to the Administrative Agent, this Agreement and the Loan Documents 
 (ii) the Commitments and the Letter of Credit Commitments (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) shall continue as Commitments and Letter of Credit Commitments, respectively, hereunder as set forth on the applicable Commitment Schedule 
 (iii) the Loans (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement, if any, shall continue as Loans hereunder 
 25 

(iv) the Administrative Agent shall make such reallocations, sales, assignments or other relevant actions in respect of the applicable Commitments and Revolving Credit Exposure (each as defined in and in effect under the Existing Credit Agreement) as are necessary in order that each Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure hereunder reflects such Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof on the Restatement Effective Date (and in no event exceeds each such Lender s Commitment hereunder), and the Borrower and each Lender that was a Lender under the Existing Credit Agreement (constituting the Required Lenders under and as defined therein) hereby agrees (with effect immediately prior to the Restatement Effective Date) that (x) such reallocation, sales and assignments shall be deemed to have been effected by way of, and subject to the terms and conditions of, Assignment and Assumptions, without the payment of any related assignment fee, and no other documents or instruments shall be, or shall be required to be, executed in connection with such assignments (all of which are hereby waived), (y) such reallocation shall satisfy the assignment provisions of Section 9.04 of the Existing Credit Agreement and (z) in connection with such reallocation, sales, assignments or other relevant actions, the Borrower shall pay all interest and fees outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement and accrued to the date hereof to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders party hereto, together with any losses, costs and expenses incurred by Lenders under Section 2.16 of the Existing Credit Agreement and 
 (v) each of the signatories hereto that is also a party to the Existing Credit Agreement hereby consents to any of the actions described in the foregoing clause (iv) and agrees that any and all required notices and required notice periods under the Existing Credit Agreement in connection with any of the actions described in the foregoing clause (iv) on the Restatement Effective Date are hereby waived and of no force and effect. 
 SECTION 1.08 Sustainability Adjustments . 
 (a) Following the date on which the Borrower provides a Pricing Certificate in respect of any Reference Year, (i) the per annum rates set forth under the captions Term Benchmark Spread (including with respect to the Letter of Credit fees payable pursuant to Section 2.12(b)(i)) and ABR Spread in the definition of Applicable Rate shall be increased or decreased (or neither increased nor decreased), as applicable, pursuant to the Sustainability Rate Adjustment as set forth in such Pricing Certificate, and (ii) the per annum rates set forth under the caption Facility Fee Rate in the definition of Applicable Rate shall be increased or decreased (or neither increased nor decreased), as applicable, pursuant to the Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment as set forth in such Pricing Certificate. For purposes of the foregoing, (A) the Sustainability Rate Adjustment and the Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment shall be determined as of the fifth Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent of a Pricing Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 1.08(f) based upon the KPI Metrics set forth in such Pricing Certificate and the calculations of the Sustainability Rate Adjustment and the Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment, therein (such day, the Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Date and (B) each change in the Applicable Rate resulting from a Pricing Certificate shall be effective during the period commencing on and including the applicable Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Date and ending on the date immediately preceding the next such Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Date (or, in the case of non-delivery of a Pricing Certificate, the last day such Pricing Certificate could have been delivered pursuant to the terms of Section 1.08(f)). 
 (b) For the avoidance of doubt, only one Pricing Certificate may be delivered in respect of any Reference Year. It is further understood and agreed that the per annum rates set forth under the captions Term Benchmark Spread (including with respect to the Letter of Credit fees payable pursuant to Section 2.12(b)(i)) and ABR Spread in the definition of Applicable Rate will never be reduced or increased by more than 0.040 and that the per annum rates set forth under the caption Facility Fee Rate in the definition of Applicable Rate will never be reduced or increased by more than 0.010 , pursuant to the Sustainability Rate Adjustment and the Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment, respectively, during any Reference Year. For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment to the Applicable Rate shall not be cumulative year-over-year. Each applicable adjustment shall only apply until the date on which the next adjustment is due to take place. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Sustainability Rate Adjustment and the Sustainability Fee Adjustment shall be 0.000 at all times from and after June 30, 2027. 
 26 

(c) It is hereby understood and agreed that if no such Pricing Certificate is delivered by the Borrower with regard to a particular Reference Year within the period set forth in Section 1.08(f), the Sustainability Rate Adjustment will be positive 0.040 and the Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment will be positive 0.010 commencing on the last day such Pricing Certificate could have been delivered pursuant to the terms of Section 1.08(f) and continuing until the Borrower delivers Pricing Certificate to the Administrative Agent for the applicable Reference Year. 
 (d) If (i)(A) the Borrower or any Lender becomes aware of any material inaccuracy in the Sustainability Rate Adjustment, the Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment or the KPI Metrics as reported in a Pricing Certificate (any such material inaccuracy, a Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy and, in the case of any Lender, such Lender delivers, not later than 10 Business Days after obtaining knowledge thereof, a written notice to the Administrative Agent describing such Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy in reasonable detail (which description shall be shared with each Lender and the Borrower), or (B) the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall mutually agree that there was a Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy at the time of delivery of a Pricing Certificate, and (ii) a proper calculation of the Sustainability Rate Adjustment, Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment or the KPI Metrics would have resulted in an increase in the Applicable Rate for any period, the Borrower shall be obligated to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Lenders or the applicable L C Issuers, as the case may be, promptly on demand by the Administrative Agent (or, after the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to any Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code (or any comparable event under non-U.S. Debtor Relief Laws), automatically and without further action by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L C Issuer), but in any event within 10 Business Days after the Borrower has received written notice of, or has agreed in writing that there was, a Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy, an amount equal to the excess of (1) the amount of interest and fees that should have been paid for such period over (2) the amount of interest and fees actually paid for such period. 
 (e) It is understood and agreed that any Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy shall not constitute a Default or Event of Default provided, that, the Borrower complies with the terms of the immediately preceding paragraph with respect to such Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, unless such amounts shall be due upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to a Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code (or any comparable event under non-U.S. Debtor Relief Laws), (a) any additional amounts required to be paid pursuant to the immediately preceding paragraph shall not be due and payable until the earlier to occur of (i) a written demand is made for such payment by the Administrative Agent in accordance with such paragraph or (ii) 10 Business Days after the Borrower has received written notice of, or has agreed in writing that there was, a Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy (such date, the Certificate Inaccuracy Payment Date ), (b) any nonpayment of such additional amounts prior to the Certificate Inaccuracy Payment Date shall not constitute a Default (whether retroactively or otherwise) and (c) none of such additional amounts shall be deemed overdue prior to the Certificate Inaccuracy Payment Date or shall accrue interest at the Default Rate prior to the Certificate Inaccuracy Payment Date. 
 (f) Each party hereto hereby agrees that neither the Sustainability Structuring Agent nor the Administrative Agent shall have any responsibility for (or liability in respect of) reviewing, auditing or otherwise evaluating any calculation by the Borrower of any Sustainability Rate Adjustment or Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment (or any of the data or computations that are part of or related to any such calculation) set forth in any Pricing Certificate (and the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may rely conclusively on any such certificate, without further inquiry). 
 (g) As soon as available and in any event within 180 days following the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower (commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021), the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, in form and detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders a Pricing Certificate for the most recently-ended Reference Year provided, that, for any Reference Year the Borrower may elect not to deliver a Pricing Certificate, and such election shall not constitute a Default or Event of Default (but such failure to so deliver a Pricing Certificate by the end of such 180-day period shall result in the Sustainability Rate Adjustment being applied as set forth in Section 1.08(c). 
 27 

SECTION 1.09 Letter of Credit Amounts . Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the amount of such Letter of Credit available to be drawn at such time provided that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Letter of Credit Agreement related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the available amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum amount is available to be drawn at such time. 
 ARTICLE II The Credits 
 SECTION 2.01 Commitments . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender (severally and not jointly) agrees to make Revolving Loans to the Borrower in Dollars from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result (after giving effect to any application of proceeds of such Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.10) in (a) such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such Lender s Commitment or (b) the Total Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding the Aggregate Commitment. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Revolving Loans. 
 SECTION 2.02 Loans and Borrowings . (a) Each Revolving Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Revolving Loans made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender s failure to make Loans as required. Any Swingline Loan shall be made in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.05. 
 (b) Subject to Section 2.14, each Revolving Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans, Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith. Each Swingline Loan shall be an ABR Loan. Each Lender at its option may make any Term Benchmark Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan (and in the case of an Affiliate, the provisions of Sections 2.14, 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 shall apply to such Affiliate to the same extent as to such Lender) provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (c) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 thereof. At the time that each ABR Revolving Borrowing and or RFR Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 provided that an ABR Revolving Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the Aggregate Commitment or that is required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e). Each Swingline Loan shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000. Borrowings of more than one Type and Class may be outstanding at the same time provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of eight (8) Term Benchmark Borrowings or RFR Borrowings outstanding. 
 (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date. 
 SECTION 2.03 Requests for Revolving Borrowings . To request a Revolving Borrowing, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by submitting a Borrowing Request (a)(i) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (ii) in the case of an RFR Borrowing, not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (b) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 1 00 p.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing provided that any such notice of an ABR Revolving Borrowing to finance the reimbursement 
 28 

of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e) may be given not later than 10 00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing. Each such Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and shall be signed by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower. Each such Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 
 (i) the aggregate principal amount of the requested Borrowing 
 (ii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day 
 (iii) whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing, a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing 
 (iv) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period and 
 (v) the location and number of the Borrower s account to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of Section 2.07. 
 If no election as to the Type of Revolving Borrowing is specified, then the requested Revolving Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender s Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Borrower be permitted to request pursuant to this Section 2.03 an RFR Loan bearing interest based on Daily Simple SOFR prior to a Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate (it being understood and agreed that Daily Simple SOFR shall only apply to the extent provided in Sections 2.14(a) and 2.14(f). 
 SECTION 2.04 Intentionally Omitted . 
 SECTION 2.05 Swingline Loans . (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, from time to time during the Availability Period the Swingline Lender shall make Swingline Loans in Dollars to the Borrower in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in (i) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swingline Loans exceeding 15,000,000, (ii) the Swingline Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding its Commitment, or (iii) the Total Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding the Aggregate Commitment provided that the Swingline Lender shall not be required to make a Swingline Loan to refinance an outstanding Swingline Loan. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Swingline Loans provided that Swingline Loans may not be outstanding for more than 10 Business Days in any calendar month. 
 (b) To request a Swingline Loan, the Borrower shall submit a written notice to the Administrative Agent by telecopy or electronic mail not later than 1 00 p.m., New York City time, on the day of a proposed Swingline Loan. Each such notice shall be in a form approved by the Administrative Agent, shall be irrevocable and shall specify the requested date (which shall be a Business Day) and amount of the requested Swingline Loan. The Administrative Agent will promptly advise the Swingline Lender of any such notice received from the Borrower. The Swingline Lender shall make each Swingline Loan available to the Borrower by means of a wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Borrower (or, in the case of a Swingline Loan made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.06(e), by remittance to the Issuing Bank) by 3 00 p.m., New York City time, on the requested date of such Swingline Loan. 
 (c) The Swingline Lender may by written notice given to the Administrative Agent require the Lenders to acquire participations in all or a portion of the Swingline Loans outstanding. Such notice shall specify the aggregate amount of Swingline Loans in which Lenders will participate. Promptly upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent will give notice thereof to each Lender, 
 29 

specifying in such notice such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, promptly upon receipt of such notice from the Administrative Agent (and in any event, if such notice is received by 12 00 noon, New York City time, on a Business Day, no later than 5 00 p.m. New York City time on such Business Day and if received after 12 00 noon, New York City time, on a Business Day, no later than 10 00 a.m. New York City time on the immediately succeeding Business Day) to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Swingline Lender, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this paragraph is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Lender shall comply with its obligation under this paragraph by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the Swingline Lender the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of any participations in any Swingline Loan acquired pursuant to this paragraph, and thereafter payments in respect of such Swingline Loan shall be made to the Administrative Agent and not to the Swingline Lender. Any amounts received by the Swingline Lender from the Borrower (or other party on behalf of the Borrower) in respect of a Swingline Loan after receipt by the Swingline Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations therein shall be promptly remitted to the Administrative Agent any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders that shall have made their payments pursuant to this paragraph and to the Swingline Lender, as their interests may appear provided that any such payment so remitted shall be repaid to the Swingline Lender or to the Administrative Agent, as applicable, if and to the extent such payment is required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. The purchase of participations in a Swingline Loan pursuant to this paragraph shall not relieve the Borrower of any default in the payment thereof. 
 (d) The Swingline Lender may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Swingline Lender and the successor Swingline Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of the Swingline Lender. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid interest accrued for the account of the replaced Swingline Lender pursuant to Section 2.13(a). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (x) the successor Swingline Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of the replaced Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made thereafter and (y) references herein to the term Swingline Lender shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Swingline Lender, or to such successor and all previous Swingline Lenders, as the context shall require. After the replacement of the Swingline Lender hereunder, the replaced Swingline Lender shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of a Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made by it prior to its replacement, but shall not be required to make additional Swingline Loans. 
 (e) Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Swingline Lender, the Swingline Lender may resign as Swingline Lender at any time upon thirty days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders, in which case, the Swingline Lender shall be replaced in accordance with Section 2.05(d) above. 
 SECTION 2.06 Letters of Credit . (a) General . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may request the issuance of Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars as the applicant thereof for the support of its or its Subsidiaries obligations, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any Letter of Credit Agreement, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Issuing Bank shall have any obligation hereunder to issue, and shall not issue, any Letter of Credit the proceeds of which would be made available to any Person (i) to fund any activity or business of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of any Sanctions, (ii) in any manner that would result in a violation of any Sanctions by any party to this Agreement or (iii) in 
 30 

any manner that would result in a violation of one or more policies of such Issuing Bank applicable to letters of credit generally. 
 (b) Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Renewal, Extension Certain Conditions . To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower shall hand deliver or telecopy (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the applicable Issuing Bank) to the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent (reasonably in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, but in any event no less than three (3) Business Days) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit. In addition, as a condition to any such Letter of Credit issuance, the Borrower shall have entered into a continuing agreement (or other letter of credit agreement) for the issuance of letters of credit and or shall submit a letter of credit application, in each case, as required by the applicable Issuing Bank and using such Issuing Bank s standard form (each, a Letter of Credit Agreement ). A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (i) (x) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit issued by any Issuing Bank at such time plus (y) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements made by such Issuing Bank that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time shall not exceed such Issuing Bank s Letter of Credit Commitment, (ii) the LC Exposure shall not exceed 60,000,000, (iii) no Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure shall exceed its Commitment, and (iv) the Total Revolving Credit Exposure shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitment. The Borrower may, at any time and from time to time, reduce the Letter of Credit Commitment of any Issuing Bank with the consent of such Issuing Bank provided that the Borrower shall not reduce the Letter of Credit Commitment of any Issuing Bank if, after giving effect of such reduction, the conditions set forth in clauses (i) through (iv) above shall not be satisfied. 
 An Issuing Bank shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if 
 (i) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such Issuing Bank from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any law applicable to such Issuing Bank shall prohibit, or require that such Issuing Bank refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital or liquidity requirement (for which such Issuing Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Restatement Effective Date, or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense that was not applicable on the Restatement Effective Date and that such Issuing Bank in good faith deems material to it or 
 (ii) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of such Issuing Bank applicable to letters of credit generally. 
 (c) Expiration Date . Each Letter of Credit shall expire (or be subject to termination by notice from the applicable Issuing Bank to the beneficiary thereof) at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of (i) the date one year after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any renewal or extension thereof, one year after such renewal or extension) and (ii) the date that is five (5) Business Days prior to the Maturity Date. 
 (d) Participations . By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action on the part of the applicable Issuing Bank or the Lenders, such Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Lender, and each Lender hereby acquires from such Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally 
 31 

agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of such Issuing Bank, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by such Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Borrower on the date due as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section, or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. 
 (e) Reimbursement . If any Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent in Dollars the amount equal to such LC Disbursement, calculated as of the date such Issuing Bank made such LC Disbursement not later than 12 00 noon, New York City time, on the date that such LC Disbursement is made, if the Borrower shall have received notice of such LC Disbursement prior to 10 00 a.m., New York City time, on such date, or, if such notice has not been received by the Borrower prior to such time on such date, then not later than 12 00 noon, New York City time, on the Business Day immediately following the day that the Borrower receives such notice, if such notice is not received prior to such time on the day of receipt provided that the Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 or 2.05 that such payment be financed with an ABR Revolving Borrowing or Swingline Loan in an equivalent amount of such LC Disbursement and, to the extent so financed, the Borrower s obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Revolving Borrowing or Swingline Loan. If the Borrower fails to make such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due from the Borrower in respect thereof and such Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof. Promptly following receipt of such notice, each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent its Applicable Percentage of the payment then due from the Borrower, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to such Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Borrower pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to such Issuing Bank or, to the extent that Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse such Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and such Issuing Bank as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse such Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement (other than the funding of an ABR Revolving Loan or a Swingline Loan as contemplated above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement. 
 (f) Obligations Absolute . The Borrower s obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit, any Letter of Credit Agreement or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) payment by any Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, or (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrower s obligations hereunder. Neither the Administrative Agent, the Lenders nor the Issuing Banks, nor any of their Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the applicable Issuing Bank provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse such Issuing Bank from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect, consequential or punitive 
 32 

damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by such Issuing Bank s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of an Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a non-appealable judgment of court of competent jurisdiction), such Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. 
 (g) Disbursement Procedures . The applicable Issuing Bank shall, promptly following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit. Such Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower by telephone (confirmed by telecopy or electronic mail) of such demand for payment and whether such Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank and the Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement. 
 (h) Interim Interest . If such Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the reimbursement is due and payable, at the rate per annum then applicable to ABR Revolving Loans and such interest shall be due and payable on the date when such reimbursement is payable provided that, if the Borrower fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section, then Section 2.13(d) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of such Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section to reimburse such Issuing Bank shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment. 
 (i) Replacement and Resignation of Issuing Bank . 
 (i) Any Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Bank and the successor Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of an Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.12(b). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of the replaced Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit then outstanding and issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit or extend or otherwise amend any existing Letter of Credit. 
 (ii) Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Issuing Bank, any Issuing Bank may resign as an Issuing Bank at any time upon thirty days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders, in which case, such resigning Issuing Bank shall be replaced in accordance with Section 2.06(i)(i) above. 
 (j) Cash Collateralization . If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, Lenders with LC Exposure representing 
 33 

greater than 50 of the total LC Exposure) demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph, the Borrower shall deposit in an account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Lenders (the LC Collateral Account ), an amount in cash equal to 100 of the amount of the LC Exposure as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon provided that the obligation to deposit such cash collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower described in Section 7.01(h) or (i). Such deposit shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the Obligations. The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account and the Borrower hereby grants to the Administrative Agent a security interest in the LC Collateral Account. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and at the Borrower s risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account. Moneys in such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse any applicable Issuing Bank for LC Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower for the LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50 of the total LC Exposure), be applied to satisfy other Obligations. If the Borrower is required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower within three (3) Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived. 
 (k) Letters of Credit Issued for Account of Subsidiaries . Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder supports any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, or states that a Subsidiary is the account party, applicant, customer, instructing party, or the like of or for such Letter of Credit, and without derogating from any rights of the applicable Issuing Bank (whether arising by contract, at law, in equity or otherwise) against such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit, the Borrower (i) shall reimburse, indemnify and compensate the applicable Issuing Bank hereunder for such Letter of Credit (including to reimburse any and all drawings thereunder) as if such Letter of Credit had been issued solely for the account of the Borrower and (ii) irrevocably waives any and all defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of any or all of the obligations of such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of such Letters of Credit for its Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrower s business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries. 
 (l) Issuing Bank Agreements . Unless otherwise requested by the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank shall report in writing to the Administrative Agent (i) promptly following the end of each calendar month, the aggregate amount of Letters of Credit issued by it and outstanding at the end of such month, (ii) on or prior to each Business Day on which such Issuing Bank expects to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit, the date of such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, and the aggregate face amount of the Letter of Credit to be issued, amended, renewed or extended by it and outstanding after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension occurred (and whether the amount thereof changed), it being understood that such Issuing Bank shall not permit any issuance, renewal, extension or amendment resulting in an increase in the amount of any Letter of Credit to occur without first obtaining written confirmation from the Administrative Agent that it is then permitted under this Agreement, (iii) on each Business Day on which such Issuing Bank makes any payment under any Letter of Credit, the date of such payment under such Letter of Credit and the amount of such payment, (iv) on any Business Day on which the Borrower fails to reimburse any payment under any Letter of Credit required to be reimbursed to such Issuing Bank on such day, the date of such failure and the amount of such payment and (v) on any other Business Day, such other information as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request. 
 SECTION 2.07 Funding of Borrowings . (a) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof solely by wire transfer of immediately available funds by 12 00 noon, New York City time (or, with respect to any ABR Borrowing, the Borrowing Request for which shall have been received after 10 00 a.m. but at or before 1 00 p.m., New York City time, by 3 00 p.m., New York City time), to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for 
 34 

such purpose by notice to the Lenders provided that Swingline Loans shall be made as provided in Section 2.05. Except in respect of the provisions of this Agreement covering the reimbursement of Letters of Credit, the Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly making available the funds so received in the aforesaid account of the Administrative Agent by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account of the Borrower designated by the Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request provided that ABR Revolving Loans made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.06(e) shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the applicable Issuing Bank. 
 (b) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to ABR Loans. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing. 
 SECTION 2.08 Interest Elections . (a) Each Revolving Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. This Section shall not apply to Swingline Borrowings, which may not be converted or continued. 
 (b) To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Borrower were requesting a Revolving Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be signed by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower. Notwithstanding any contrary provision herein, this Section shall not be construed to permit the Borrower to elect an Interest Period for Term Benchmark Loans that does not comply with Section 2.02(d). 
 (c) Each Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 
 (i) the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing) 
 (ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day 
 (iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing and 
 35 

(iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which Interest Period shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period . 
 If any such Interest Election Request requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Borrower be permitted to request an RFR Loan bearing interest based on Daily Simple SOFR prior to a Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate (it being understood and agreed that Daily Simple SOFR shall only apply to the extent provided in Sections 2.14(a) and 2.14(f). 
 (d) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing. 
 (e) If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no outstanding Revolving Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a Term Benchmark Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto. 
 (f) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary, interest on all Term Benchmark Loans outstanding immediately prior to the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date shall continue to accrue and be paid based upon the LIBO Rate applicable pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement immediately prior to the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date solely until the expiration of the current Interest Period (as defined in the Credit Agreement immediately prior to the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date and taking into account any grace periods or extensions of such Interest Period approved immediately prior to the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date) applicable thereto (at which time such Term Benchmark Loans may be reborrowed as Term Benchmark Borrowings or converted to ABR Borrowings in accordance with this section 2.08) provided , however, that from and after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, the Applicable Rate to be applied to any such Term Benchmark Loans shall be based on the Applicable Rate for Term Benchmark Loans after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date. 
 SECTION 2.09 Termination and Reduction of Commitments . (a) Unless previously terminated, the Commitments shall terminate on the Maturity Date. 
 (b) The Borrower may at any time terminate, or from time to time reduce, the Commitments provided that (i) each reduction of the Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 and not less than 5,000,000 and (ii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.11, the Total Revolving Credit Exposure would exceed the Aggregate Commitment. 
 (c) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments under paragraph (b) of this Section at least three (3) Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable provided that a notice of termination of the Commitments delivered by the Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities or other transactions specified therein, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Commitments shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments. 
 36 

SECTION 2.10 Repayment of Loans Evidence of Debt . (a) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan on the Maturity Date and (ii) to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan on the earliest of (x) the Maturity Date, (y) the fifth Business Day after the date such Swingline Loan was made and (z) the date required to maintain compliance with the proviso to the last sentence of Section 2.05(a) provided that on each date that a Revolving Borrowing is made, the Borrower shall repay all Swingline Loans then outstanding and the proceeds of any such Borrowing shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to repay any Swingline Loans outstanding. 
 (b) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Class and Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender s share thereof. 
 (d) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (e) Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in a form approved by the Administrative Agent. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form. 
 SECTION 2.11 Prepayment of Loans . The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject to prior notice in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.11. The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent by telephone (confirmed by telecopy or electronic mail) of any prepayment hereunder (i) in the case of prepayment of (x) a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, three (3) Business Days before the date of prepayment or (y) an RFR Revolving Borrowing , not later than 11 00 a.m. New York City time, five (5) Business Days before the date of prepayment, (ii) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Revolving Borrowing, not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, one (1) Business Day before the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid provided that, if a notice of prepayment is given in connection with a conditional notice of termination of the Commitments as contemplated by Section 2.09, then such notice of prepayment may be revoked if such notice of termination is revoked in accordance with Section 2.09. Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to a Revolving Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Revolving Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Revolving Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02. Each prepayment of a Revolving Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by (i) accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.13 and (ii) break funding payments pursuant to Section 2.16. If at any time the sum of the aggregate principal amount of all of the Revolving Credit Exposures exceeds the Aggregate Commitment, the Borrower shall immediately repay Borrowings or cash collateralize LC Exposure in an account with the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.06(j), as applicable, in an aggregate principal amount sufficient to cause the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving Credit Exposures to be less than or equal to the Aggregate Commitment. 
 37 

SECTION 2.12 Fees . (a) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a facility fee, which shall accrue at the Applicable Rate on the daily amount of the Commitment of such Lender (whether used or unused) during the period from and including the Restatement Effective Date to but excluding the date on which such Commitment terminates provided that, if such Lender continues to have any Revolving Credit Exposure after its Commitment terminates, then such facility fee shall continue to accrue on the daily amount of such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure from and including the date on which its Commitment terminates to but excluding the date on which such Lender ceases to have any Revolving Credit Exposure. Facility fees accrued through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be payable in arrears on the fifteenth day following the such last day and on the date on which the Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof provided that any facility fees accruing after the date on which the Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. All facility fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 
 (b) The Borrower agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a participation fee with respect to its participations in Letters of Credit, which shall accrue at the same Applicable Rate used to determine the interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Revolving Loans on the average daily amount of such Lender s LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the period from and including the Restatement Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lender s Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure and (ii) to each Issuing Bank for its own account a fronting fee, which shall accrue at the rate or rates per annum separately agreed upon between the Borrower and such Issuing Bank on the average daily amount of the LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) attributable to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank during the period from and including the Restatement Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date of termination of the Commitments and the date on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure, as well as such Issuing Bank s standard fees and commissions with respect to the issuance, amendment, cancellation, negotiation, transfer, presentment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder. Participation fees and fronting fees accrued through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be payable on the fifteenth day following such last day, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Restatement Effective Date provided that all such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after the date on which the Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. Any other fees payable to any Issuing Bank pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable within ten (10) days after demand. All participation fees and fronting fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 
 (c) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 (d) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent (or to an Issuing Bank, in the case of fees payable to it) for distribution, in the case of facility fees and participation fees, to the Lenders. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances. 
 SECTION 2.13 Interest . (a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing (including each Swingline Loan) shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (b) The Loans comprising each Term Benchmark Borrowing shall bear interest at the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (c) Each RFR Loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR plus the Applicable Rate. 
 38 

(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest on any Loan or any fee or other amount payable by the Borrower hereunder is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal of any Loan, 2 plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of any other amount, 2 plus the rate applicable to ABR Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section. 
 (e) Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan and, in the case of Revolving Loans, upon termination of the Commitments provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Revolving Loan prior to the end of the Availability Period), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Term Benchmark Revolving Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 
 (f) All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest computed by reference to the Alternate Base Rate at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). The applicable Alternate Base Rate, Term SOFR Rate, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or Daily Simple SOFR shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 SECTION 2.14 Alternate Rate of Interest . 
 (a) Subject to clauses (b) (c), (d), (e), and (f) of this Section 2.14, if 
 (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate (including because the Term SOFR Reference Rate is not available or published on a current basis), for such Interest Period or (B) at any time, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or 
 (ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Loans included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period or (B) at any time, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Loans included in such Borrowing 
 then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by telephone, telecopy or electronic mail as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.08 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, (1) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing and any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing, such Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be an Interest Election Request or a Borrowing Request, as applicable, for (x) an RFR Borrowing so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not also the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR also is the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above and (2) any Borrowing Request that requests an RFR Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be a Borrowing Request, as applicable, for an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR also is the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above provided that if the circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only 
 39 

one Type of Borrowings, then all other Types of Borrowings shall be permitted. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 2.14(a) with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not also the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR also is the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above, on such day, and (2) any such RFR Loan shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute an ABR Loan. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document (and any Swap Agreement shall be deemed not to be a Loan Document for purposes of this Section 2.14), if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (d) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (e) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.14, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.14. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or 
 40 

after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 (f) Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to (A) an RFR Borrowing so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (B) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of ABR based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of ABR. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement is implemented pursuant to this Section 2.14, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event, on such date and (2) any such RFR Loan shall on and from such day, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute an ABR Loan. 
 SECTION 2.15 Increased Costs . (a) If any Change in Law shall 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender or any Issuing Bank 
 (ii) impose on any Lender or any Issuing Bank or the applicable offshore interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein or 
 (iii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Recipient of making, continuing, converting into or maintaining any Loan or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan or to increase the cost to such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient hereunder, whether of principal, interest or otherwise, then the Borrower will pay to such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
 (b) If any Lender or any Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of 
 41 

Credit or Swingline Loans held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s policies and the policies of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 (c) A certificate of a Lender or an Issuing Bank setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. 
 (d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or any Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s right to demand such compensation provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or an Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 270 days prior to the date that such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s intention to claim compensation therefor provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 270-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 SECTION 2.16 Break Funding Payments . With respect to Loans that are not RFR Loans, in the event of (i) the payment of any principal of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or an optional prepayment of Loans pursuant to Section 2.11), (ii) the conversion of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (iii) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Term Benchmark Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.11 and is revoked in accordance therewith) or (iv) the assignment of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.19, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. 
 SECTION 2.17 Withholding of Taxes Gross-Up . (a) Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.17) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
 (b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower . The Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for, Other Taxes. 
 42 

(c) Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.17, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (d) Indemnification by the Borrower . The Borrower shall indemnify each Recipient, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (e) Indemnification by the Lenders . Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 9.04(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e). 
 (f) Status of Lenders . (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person 
 (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), an executed copy of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax 
 (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall 
 43 

be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable 
 (1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty 
 (2) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming that its extension of credit will generate U.S. effectively connected income, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8ECI 
 (3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN or 
 (4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-2 or Exhibit E-3 , IRS Form W-9, and or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner 
 (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. Federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made and 
 (D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation 
 44 

reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (g) Treatment of Certain Refunds . If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.17 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.17), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 2.17 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (g) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (g), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 (h) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 2.17 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 
 (i) Defined Terms . For purposes of this Section 2.17, the term Lender includes the Issuing Banks and the term applicable law includes FATCA. 
 SECTION 2.18 Payments Generally Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Set-offs . (a) The Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17, or otherwise) prior to 12 00 noon, New York City time on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set-off, recoupment or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at its offices as specified in Section 9.01(a)(ii), except payments to be made directly to an Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. All payments hereunder shall be made in Dollars. 
 (b) If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, unreimbursed LC Disbursements, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, towards payment of interest and fees then 
 45 

due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, towards payment of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due to such parties. 
 (c) If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Revolving Loans or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. 
 (d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or such Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the NYFRB Rate. 
 SECTION 2.19 Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders . (a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or Affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.15 or 2.17, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 (b) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, or if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, or if any Lender does not consent to any proposed amendment, supplement, modification, consent or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that requires the consent of each of the Lenders or each of the Lenders affected thereby (so long as the consent of the Required Lenders (with the percentage in such definition being deemed to be 50 for this purpose) has been obtained), then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the 
 46 

Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04), all its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Sections 2.15 or 2.17) and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment) provided that (i) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and if a Commitment is being assigned, the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender), which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts) and (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.15 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Each party hereto agrees that (a) an assignment required pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants), and (b) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to an be bound by the terms thereof provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender, provided that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto. 
 SECTION 2.20 Expansion Option. The Borrower may from time to time elect to increase the Commitments or enter into one or more tranches of term loans (each an Incremental Term Loan ), in each case a minimum amount of 10,000,000 and any integral of 5,000,000 in excess thereof, so long as, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate amount of such increases and all such Incremental Term Loans does not exceed 200,000,000. The Borrower may arrange for any such increase or tranche to be provided by one or more Lenders (each Lender so agreeing to an increase in its Commitment, or to participate in such Incremental Term Loans, an Increasing Lender ), or by one or more new banks, financial institutions or other entities (each such new bank, financial institution or other entity, an Augmenting Lender provided that no Ineligible Institution may be an Augmenting Lender), which agree to increase their existing Commitments, or to participate in such Incremental Term Loans, or provide new Commitments, as the case may be provided that (i) each Augmenting Lender, shall be subject to the approval of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender to the extent the consent of the Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lender would be required to effect an assignment under Section 9.04(b), and (ii) (x) in the case of an Increasing Lender, the Borrower and such Increasing Lender execute an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, and (y) in the case of an Augmenting Lender, the Borrower and such Augmenting Lender execute an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto. No consent of any Lender (other than the Lenders participating in the increase or any Incremental Term Loan) shall be required for any increase in Commitments or Incremental Term Loan pursuant to this Section 2.20. Increases and new Commitments and Incremental Term Loans created pursuant to this Section 2.20 shall become effective on the date agreed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the relevant Increasing Lenders or Augmenting Lenders, and the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no increase in the Commitments (or in the Commitment of any Lender) or tranche of Incremental Term Loans shall become effective under this paragraph unless, (i) on the proposed date of the effectiveness of such increase or Incremental Term Loans, (A) the conditions set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section 4.02 shall be satisfied or waived by the Required Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate to that effect dated such date and executed by a Financial Officer of the Borrower and (B) the Borrower shall be in compliance (on a pro forma basis) with the covenants contained in Section 6.02 and (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have received documents and opinions consistent with those delivered on the Restatement Effective Date as to the organizational power and authority of the Borrower to borrow hereunder after giving effect to such increase. On the effective date of any increase in the Commitments or any Incremental Term Loans being made, (i) each relevant 
 47 

Increasing Lender and Augmenting Lender shall make available to the Administrative Agent such amounts in immediately available funds as the Administrative Agent shall determine, for the benefit of the other Lenders, as being required in order to cause, after giving effect to such increase and the use of such amounts to make payments to such other Lenders, each Lender s portion of the outstanding Revolving Loans of all the Lenders to equal its Applicable Percentage of such outstanding Revolving Loans, and (ii) except in the case of any Incremental Term Loans, the Borrower shall be deemed to have repaid and reborrowed all outstanding Revolving Loans as of the date of any increase in the Commitments (with such reborrowing to consist of the Types of Revolving Loans, with related Interest Periods if applicable, specified in a notice delivered by the Borrower, in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.03). The deemed payments made pursuant to clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence shall be accompanied by payment of all accrued interest on the amount prepaid and, in respect of each Term Benchmark Loan, shall be subject to indemnification by the Borrower pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16 if the deemed payment occurs other than on the last day of the related Interest Periods. The Incremental Term Loans (a) shall rank pari passu in right of payment with the Revolving Loans, (b) shall not mature earlier than the Maturity Date (but may have amortization prior to such date) and (c) shall be treated substantially the same as (and in any event no more favorably than) the Revolving Loans provided that (i) the terms and conditions applicable to any tranche of Incremental Term Loans maturing after the Maturity Date may provide for material additional or different financial or other covenants or prepayment requirements applicable only during periods after the Maturity Date and (ii) the Incremental Term Loans may be priced differently than the Revolving Loans. Incremental Term Loans may be made hereunder pursuant to an amendment or restatement (an Incremental Term Loan Amendment of this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other Loan Documents, executed by the Borrower, each Increasing Lender participating in such tranche, each Augmenting Lender participating in such tranche, if any, and the Administrative Agent. The Incremental Term Loan Amendment may, without the consent of any other Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, to effect the provisions of this Section 2.20. Nothing contained in this Section 2.20 shall constitute, or otherwise be deemed to be, a commitment on the part of any Lender to increase its Commitment hereunder, or provide Incremental Term Loans, at any time. In connection with any increase of the Commitments or Incremental Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.20, any Augmenting Lender becoming a party hereto shall (1) execute such documents and agreements as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request and (2) in the case of any Augmenting Lender that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside of the United States of America, provide to the Administrative Agent, its name, address, tax identification number and or such other information as shall be necessary for the Administrative Agent to comply with know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation, the Patriot Act. 
 SECTION 2.21 Defaulting Lenders . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender 
 (a) fees shall cease to accrue on the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(a) 
 (b) any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section 7.02 or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 9.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows first , to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder second , to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender hereunder third , to cash collateralize the LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with this Section fourth , as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent fifth , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) cash collateralize future LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future 
 48 

Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with this Section sixth , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or Swingline Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the Issuing Banks or Swingline Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document seventh , so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender's breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document and eighth , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or LC Disbursements in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and LC Disbursements owed to, all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or LC Disbursements owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in the Borrower s obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure and Swingline Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments without giving effect to clause (d) below. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to this Section shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto 
 (c) the Commitment and Revolving Credit Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to Section 9.02) provided , that, except as otherwise provided in Section 9.02, this clause (c) shall not apply to the vote of a Defaulting Lender in the case of an amendment, waiver or other modification requiring the consent of such Lender or each Lender directly affected thereby 
 (d) if any Swingline Exposure or LC Exposure exists at the time such Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then 
 (i) all or any part of the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of such Defaulting Lender (other than the portion of such Swingline Exposure referred to in clause (b) of the definition of such term) shall be reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages but only to the extent that such reallocation does not, as to any non-Defaulting Lender, cause such non-Defaulting Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure to exceed its Commitment 
 (ii) if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall within three (3) Business Days following notice by the Administrative Agent (x) first , prepay such Swingline Exposure and (y) second , cash collateralize for the benefit of the applicable Issuing Banks only the Borrower s obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.06(j) for so long as such LC Exposure is outstanding 
 (iii) if the Borrower cash collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrower shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure during the period such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is cash collateralized 
 (iv) if the LC Exposure of the non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to clause (i) above, then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.12(b) shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders Applicable Percentages and 
 49 

(v) if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is neither reallocated nor cash collateralized pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of any Issuing Bank or any other Lender hereunder, all facility fees that otherwise would have been payable to such Defaulting Lender (solely with respect to the portion of such Defaulting Lender s Commitment that was utilized by such LC Exposure) and letter of credit fees payable under Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure shall be payable to the Issuing Banks until and to the extent that such LC Exposure is reallocated and or cash collateralized and 
 (e) so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure and the Defaulting Lender s then outstanding LC Exposure will be 100 covered by the Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and or cash collateral will be provided by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.21(d), and Swingline Exposure related to any newly made Swingline Loan or LC Exposure related to any newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.21(d)(i) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein). 
 If (i) a Bankruptcy Event or a Bail-In Action with respect to a Lender Parent shall occur following the date hereof and for so long as such event shall continue or (ii) any Swingline Lender or Issuing Bank has a good faith belief that any Lender has defaulted in fulfilling its obligations under one or more other agreements in which such Lender commits to extend credit, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Banks, as the case may be, shall have entered into arrangements with the Borrower or such Lender, satisfactory to the Swingline Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, to defease any risk to it in respect of such Lender hereunder. 
 In the event that the Administrative Agent, the Borrower, the Swingline Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lender s Commitment and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders (other than Swingline Loans) as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. 
 SECTION 2.22 Extension of Maturity Date . 
 (a) The Borrower may, by delivering an Extension Request to the Administrative Agent (who shall promptly deliver a copy to each of the Lenders), not less than 60 days in advance of the Maturity Date in effect at such time (the Existing Maturity Date ), request that the Lenders extend the Existing Maturity Date to the first anniversary of such Existing Maturity Date (or, if such date is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day). Each Lender, acting in its sole discretion, shall, by written notice to the Administrative Agent given not later than the date that is the 20th day after the date of the Extension Request, or if such date is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day (the Response Date ), advise the Administrative Agent in writing whether or not such Lender agrees to the requested extension. Each Lender that advises the Administrative Agent that it will not extend the Existing Maturity Date is referred to herein as a Non-extending Lender provided, that any Lender that does not advise the Administrative Agent of its consent to such requested extension by the Response Date and any Lender that is a Defaulting Lender on the Response Date shall be deemed to be a Non-extending Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower, in writing, of the Lenders elections promptly following the Response Date. The election of any Lender to agree to such an extension shall not obligate any other Lender to so agree, and it is understood that no Lender shall have any obligation whatsoever to agree to any request made by the Borrower for an extension of the Existing Maturity Date. The Maturity Date may be extended no more than two times pursuant to this Section 2.22. 
 (b) (i) If, by the Response Date, Lenders holding Commitments that aggregate 50 or more of the Aggregate Commitment shall constitute Non-extending Lenders, then the Existing Maturity Date shall not be extended and the outstanding principal balance of all Loans and other amounts 
 50 

payable hereunder shall be payable, and the Commitments shall terminate, on the Existing Maturity Date in effect prior to such extension. 
 (ii) If (and only if), by the Response Date, Lenders holding Commitments that aggregate more than 50 of the Aggregate Commitment shall have agreed to extend the Existing Maturity Date (each such consenting Lender, an Extending Lender ), then effective as of the Existing Maturity Date, the Maturity Date for such Extending Lenders shall be extended to the first anniversary of the Existing Maturity Date (subject to satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 2.22(d)). In the event of such extension, the Commitment of each Non-extending Lender shall terminate on the Existing Maturity Date in effect for such Non-extending Lender prior to such extension and the outstanding principal balance of all Loans and other amounts payable hereunder to such Non-extending Lender shall become due and payable on such Existing Maturity Date and, subject to Section 2.22(c) below, the Aggregate Commitment hereunder shall be reduced by the Commitments of the Non-extending Lenders so terminated on such Existing Maturity Date. For purposes of clarity, it is acknowledged and agreed that the Maturity Date on any date of determination shall not be a date more than five (5) years after such date of determination, whether such determination is made before or after giving effect to any extension request made hereunder. 
 (c) In the event of any extension of the Existing Maturity Date pursuant to Section 2.22(b)(ii), the Borrower shall have the right on or before the Existing Maturity Date, at its own expense, to require any Non-extending Lender to transfer and assign without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04) all its interests, rights (other than its rights to payments pursuant to Section 2.15, Section 2.16, Section 2.17 or Section 9.03 arising prior to the effectiveness of such assignment) and obligations under this Agreement to one or more banks or other financial institutions identified to the Non-extending Lender by the Borrower, which may include any existing Lender (each a Replacement Lender ), provided that (i) such Replacement Lender, if not already a Lender hereunder, shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender (such approvals to not be unreasonably withheld) to the extent the consent of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lender would be required to effect an assignment under Section 9.04(b), (ii) such assignment shall become effective as of a date specified by the Borrower (which shall not be later than the Existing Maturity Date in effect for such Non-extending Lender prior to the effective date of the requested extension) and (iii) the Replacement Lender shall pay to such Non-extending Lender in immediately available funds on the effective date of such assignment the principal of and interest accrued to the date of payment on the outstanding principal amount Loans made by it hereunder and all other amounts accrued and unpaid for its account or otherwise owed to it hereunder on such date. 
 (d) As a condition precedent to each such extension of the Existing Maturity Date pursuant to Section 2.22(b)(ii), the Borrower shall (i) deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of the Borrower dated as of the Existing Maturity Date signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying that, as of such date, both before and immediately after giving effect to such extension, (A) the representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects, except for any representation or warranty that is qualified by materiality or reference to Material Adverse Effect, which representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects (except, in each case, to the extent that any such representation or warranty specifically refers to an earlier date, in which case it shall be true and correct in all material respects, or in all respects, as applicable, as of such earlier date) and (B) no Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have received all fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to such extension of the Existing Maturity Date, including, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all out-of-pocket expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower and (iii) first make such prepayments of the outstanding Loans and second provide such cash collateral (or make such other arrangements satisfactory to the applicable Issuing Bank) with respect to the outstanding Letters of Credit as shall be required such that, after giving effect to the termination of the Commitments of the Non-extending Lenders pursuant to Section 2.22(b) and any assignment pursuant to Section 2.22(c), the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure less the face amount of any Letter of Credit supported by any such cash collateral (or other satisfactory arrangements) so provided does not exceed the aggregate amount of Commitments being extended. 
 51 

(e) For the avoidance of doubt, no consent of any Lender (other than the existing Lenders participating in the extension of the Existing Maturity Date) shall be required for any extension of the Maturity Date pursuant to this Section 2.22 and the operation of this Section 2.22 in accordance with its terms is not an amendment subject to Section 9.02. 
 ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties 
 The Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that 
 SECTION 3.01 Corporate Existence Authorization . The Borrower (a) has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, (b) has the requisite corporate power and authority to consummate the Transactions and (c) has duly taken all necessary corporate action to authorize the Transactions. 
 SECTION 3.02 Enforceability . This Agreement and each note delivered hereunder has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower is the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, and any other instrument or agreement required hereunder, when executed and delivered, will be similarly valid, binding and enforceable, except (in each case) to the extent that the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws generally affecting creditors rights and by general principles of equity. 
 SECTION 3.03 Financial Condition No Material Adverse Change . (a) All fiscal year-end financial statements furnished by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or any Lender have been prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, except as noted therein, and fairly present the consolidated financial position and the consolidated results of operations of the Borrower as of the dates and for the periods presented. Financial statements and other information and data furnished to the Administrative Agent or any Lender other than fiscal year-end statements of the Borrower are in reasonable detail and present fairly the consolidated financial position and consolidated results of operations of the Borrower as of the dates and for the periods presented, subject to year-end audit adjustments. 
 (b) As of the Restatement Effective Date, there has been no material adverse change in the business or financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except as disclosed in the Borrower s periodic reports filed with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 on or before the Restatement Effective Date. 
 SECTION 3.04 Compliance with Laws and Material Contractual Obligations . The operations of the Borrower and its Significant Subsidiaries are in compliance with (a) all Requirements of Law and (b) its obligations under material agreements to which it is a party, (i) except to the extent that the failure to comply therewith could not, in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) except as disclosed in the Borrower s periodic reports filed prior to the date of this Agreement with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated, will violate (x) any Requirement of Law, (y) violate or result in a default under any indenture or other material agreement or other material instrument binding upon the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or its assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any material payment to be made by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or (z) result in the creation or imposition of, or the requirement to create, any lien or security interest on any asset of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 SECTION 3.05 No Material Litigation . No litigation, investigation or proceeding of or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened by or against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or against any of its or their respective properties or revenues (a) with respect to this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or (b) which could, insofar as the Borrower may reasonably foresee, have a Material Adverse Effect, except as disclosed in the Borrower s periodic reports filed with the SEC prior to the date of this Agreement under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 52 

SECTION 3.06 Ownership of Property . Each of the Borrower and each of its Significant Subsidiaries has title in fee simple to or valid leasehold interests in all its real property material to the operation of its business, and title to or valid leasehold interests in all its other property useful and necessary in its business. 
 SECTION 3.07 Taxes . Each of the Borrower and each of its Significant Subsidiaries has filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns which to the knowledge of the Borrower are required to be filed and has paid all material taxes shown to be due and payable on said returns or on any assessments made against it or any of its property and all other material Taxes, fees or other charges imposed on it or any of its property by any Governmental Authority (other than those the amount or validity of which is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided on the books of the Borrower or the applicable Subsidiary, as the case may be) and no material Tax liens have been filed and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, no material claims are being asserted with respect to any such Taxes, fees or other charges. 
 SECTION 3.08 Subsidiaries . Schedule 3.08 contains an accurate list of all of the Subsidiaries of the Borrower existing as of the Restatement Effective Date, setting forth their respective jurisdictions of incorporation and the percentage of their respective Equity Interests owned by the Borrower and or other Subsidiaries. All of the issued and outstanding shares of Equity Interests of such Subsidiaries have been duly authorized and issued and are fully paid and nonassessable. 
 SECTION 3.09 Investment Company Act No Consents . Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is an Investment Company , as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Except for the Required Filings and orders of the Commissions in respect thereof, no authorizations, approvals or consents of, no filings or registrations with, any Governmental Authority are necessary for the consummation of the Transactions or for the validity or enforceability hereof or the notes delivered hereunder. 
 SECTION 3.10 ERISA . The Borrower is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable provisions of ERISA. The Borrower has not violated any provision of any Plan maintained or contributed to by the Borrower which could, insofar as the Borrower may reasonably foresee, have a Material Adverse Effect. No Reportable Event has occurred and is continuing with respect to any Plan initiated by the Borrower (other than the Borrower s December 22, 2013 withdrawal from the Western States Office and Professional Employees International Union Pension Fund). The Borrower has met its minimum funding requirements under ERISA with respect to each Plan. Each Plan will be able to fulfill its benefit obligations as they come due in accordance with the Plan documents and under GAAP. 
 SECTION 3.11 Environmental . In the ordinary course of its business, the Borrower conducts an ongoing review of the effect of Environmental Laws on the business, operations, and properties of the Borrower, in the course of which it identifies and evaluates associated liabilities and costs (including any capital or operating expenditures required for clean-up or closure of properties presently or previously owned or operated, any capital or operating expenditures required to achieve or maintain compliance with environmental protection standards imposed by law or as a condition of any license, permit or contract, any related constraints on operating activities, including any periodic or permanent shutdown of any facility or reduction in the level of or change in the nature of operations conducted thereat and any actual or potential liabilities to third parties, including employees, and any related costs and expenses). On the basis of these reviews, the Borrower has reasonably concluded that Environmental Laws are unlikely to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower hereby represents and warrants that its business and assets and those of its Subsidiaries are operated, and covenants that its and its Subsidiaries business and assets will continue to be operated, in compliance with applicable Environmental Laws and that no enforcement action in respect thereof is threatened or pending that could, in the case of any failure to so comply or any such enforcement action, insofar as the Borrower may reasonably foresee, have a Material Adverse Effect, except as disclosed in the Borrower s periodic reports filed with the SEC on or prior to the date of this Agreement under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 SECTION 3.12 Margin Regulations . The Borrower is not engaged and will not engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, and no part of the 
 53 

proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit extension hereunder will be used to buy or carry any Margin Stock. Following the application of the proceeds of each Borrowing or drawing under each Letter of Credit, not more than 25 of the value of the assets (either of the Borrower only or of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis) will be Margin Stock. 
 SECTION 3.13 Disclosure . (a) As of the Restatement Effective Date, neither the Information Memorandum nor any of the other reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time. 
 (b) As of the Restatement Effective Date, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification provided on or prior to the Restatement Effective Date to any Lender in connection with this Agreement is true and correct in all respects. 
 SECTION 3.14 Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions . The Borrower has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective officers and directors and to the knowledge of the Borrower its employees and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects. None of (a) the Borrower, any Subsidiary, any of their respective directors or officers, or employees, or (b) to the knowledge of the Borrower, any agent of the Borrower or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. No Borrowing or Letter of Credit, use of proceeds or other Transactions will violate any Anti-Corruption Law or applicable Sanctions. 
 SECTION 3.15 Affected Financial Institutions . The Borrower is not an Affected Financial Institution. 
 SECTION 3.16 Plan Assets Prohibited Transactions . None of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is an entity deemed to hold plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations), and neither the execution, delivery or performance of the Transactions, including the making of any Loan and the issuance of any Letter of Credit hereunder, will give rise to a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
 ARTICLE IV Conditions 
 SECTION 4.01 Restatement Effective Date . The obligations of the Lenders to make Loans and of the Issuing Banks to issue Letters of Credit hereunder shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02) 
 (a) The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received (i) from each party hereto either (A) a counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (B) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include telecopy or electronic transmission of a signed signature page of this Agreement) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Agreement and (ii) duly executed copies of the Loan Documents and such other legal opinions, certificates, documents, instruments and agreements as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request in connection with the Transactions, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel and as further described in the list of closing documents attached as Exhibit D . 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall have received a favorable written opinion (addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and dated the Restatement Effective Date) of 
 54 

Stoel Rives LLP, counsel for the Borrower, covering such matters relating to the Borrower, the Loan Documents or the Transactions as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request. The Borrower hereby requests such counsel to deliver such opinion. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall have received such documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the organization and valid existence of the Borrower, the authorization of the Transactions and any other legal matters relating to the Borrower, the Loan Documents or the Transactions, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel and as further described in the list of closing documents attached as Exhibit D . 
 (d) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated the Restatement Effective Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, certifying (i) that the representations and warranties contained in Article III are true and correct as of such date and (ii) that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing as of such date. 
 (e) The Administrative Agent shall have received, for the account of the applicable Persons, payment of (x) all accrued and unpaid interest and fees owing under the Existing Credit Agreement immediately prior to the Restatement Effective Date and (y) all principal of any Swingline Loans outstanding under and as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement immediately prior to the Restatement Effective Date. 
 (f) The Administrative Agent shall have received all fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the Restatement Effective Date, including, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all out-of-pocket expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower hereunder. 
 (g) The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) satisfactory audited consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for the two most recent fiscal years ended prior to the Restatement Effective Date as to which such financial statements are available and (ii) satisfactory unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for each quarterly period ended subsequent to the date of the latest financial statements delivered pursuant to clause (i) as to which such financial statements are available. 
 (h) (i) The Administrative Agent shall have received, at least five days prior to the Restatement Effective Date (or such shorter period agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), all documentation and other information regarding the Borrower requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act, to the extent requested in writing of the Borrower at least 10 days prior to the Restatement Effective Date and (ii) to the extent the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, at least five days prior to the Restatement Effective Date, any Lender that has requested, in a written notice to the Borrower at least 10 days prior to the Restatement Effective Date, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower shall have received such Beneficial Ownership Certification (provided that, upon the execution and delivery by such Lender of its signature page to this Agreement, the condition set forth in this clause (ii) shall be deemed to be satisfied). 
 (i) The Administrative Agent shall have received such other documents as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (through the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request. 
 The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the Restatement Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans and of the Issuing Banks to issue Letters of Credit hereunder shall not become effective unless each of the foregoing conditions is satisfied (or waived pursuant to Section 9.02) at or prior to 3 00 p.m., New York City time, on November 3, 2021 (and, in the event such conditions are not so satisfied or waived, the Commitments shall terminate at such time). 
 55 

SECTION 4.02 Each Credit Event . The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing, and of the Issuing Banks to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit, is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions 
 (a) The representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in this Agreement (other than, except in the case of the initial Loans, the representations and warranties set forth in Sections 3.04(b), 3.05(b) and 3.11) shall be true and correct in all material respects, except for any such representation or warranty that is qualified by materiality or reference to Material Adverse Effect, which representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects, on and as of the date of such Borrowing or the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit (except, in each case, to the extent that any such representation or warranty specifically refers to an earlier date, in which case it shall be true and correct in all material respects, or in all respects, as applicable, as of such earlier date), as applicable. 
 (b) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 Each Borrowing and each issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date thereof as to the matters specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section. 
 ARTICLE V Affirmative Covenants 
 Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder shall have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit shall have expired or terminated, in each case, without any pending draw, and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that 
 SECTION 5.01 Financial Statements and Other Information . The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender 
 (a) as soon as practicable, but in any event within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower (commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021), a copy of the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its audited consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such year and the related consolidated statements of income, of shareholders equity and comprehensive income and of cash flows for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year, audited by independent certified public accountants of nationally recognized standing (without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied 
 (b) as soon as practicable, but in any event not later than 60 days after the end of each of the first three quarterly periods of each fiscal year of the Borrower (commencing with the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2021), the Form 10-Q as filed by the Borrower with the SEC for each such fiscal quarter, certified by an Authorized Officer as being complete and correct (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments) and 
 (c) together with the financial statements required hereunder, a compliance certificate in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent signed by its chief financial officer or chief accounting officer showing the calculations necessary to determine compliance with this Agreement, including its calculation of maintenance of Consolidated Indebtedness to Total Capitalization, and stating that no Default exists, or if any Default exists, stating the nature and status thereof. 
 56 

All such financial statements shall be prepared in reasonable detail and in accordance with GAAP applied consistently throughout the periods reflected therein (except as approved by such accountants or officer, as the case may be, and disclosed therein). 
 SECTION 5.02 Certificates Other Information . The Borrower shall furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender as soon as practicable, but in any event within ten days after the same are sent, copies of all financial statements and reports which the Borrower or Holdings sends to its shareholders, and within ten days after the same are filed, copies of all financial statements and reports which the Borrower or Holdings may make to, or file with, the SEC or any successor or analogous Governmental Authority. Promptly following any request therefor, the Borrower shall furnish (x) such other information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of this Agreement, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request, (y) information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, and (z) any information regarding sustainability matters and practices of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (including with respect to corporate governance, environmental, social and employee matters, respect for human rights, anti-corruption and anti-bribery) as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request for purposes of compliance with any legal or regulatory requirement applicable to the Administrative Agent or any such Lender and the Borrower shall furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender prompt written notice of any change in the information provided in the Beneficial Ownership Certification delivered to such Lender that would result in a change to the list of beneficial owners identified in such certification. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent and or the Arrangers will make available to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks materials and or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (the Platform and (b) certain of the Lenders may be public-side Lenders i.e., Lenders that do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities) (each, a Public Lender ). The Borrower hereby agrees that (w) all Borrower Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof (x) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as either publicly available information or not material information (although it may be sensitive and proprietary) with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws (y) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Investor and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Investor. 
 SECTION 5.03 Payment of Taxes . The Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy at or before maturity or before they become delinquent, as the case may be, all taxes, except when (a) the amount or validity thereof is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings or (b) reserves in conformity with GAAP with respect thereto have been provided on the books of the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as the case may be. 
 SECTION 5.04 Conduct of Business . The Borrower shall (a) carry on and conduct its business in substantially the same manner and in substantially the same fields of enterprise as it is presently conducted and to do all things necessary to remain duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing as a domestic corporation in its jurisdiction of incorporation and maintain all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted, and (b) comply with all Requirements of Law, except to the extent that failure to comply therewith could not, in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. 
 SECTION 5.05 Maintenance of Property Insurance . The Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (a) keep all property useful and necessary in its business in good 
 57 

working order and condition (b) maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies insurance on such property in at least such amounts and against at least such risks as are usually insured against in the same general area by companies engaged in the same or a similar business and (c) furnish to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, upon written request, full information as to the insurance carried. 
 SECTION 5.06 Inspection of Property Books and Records Discussions . The Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries that have business operations to, (a) keep proper books of records and accounts in which entries in conformity with GAAP shall be made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities and (b) permit representatives of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, at such Person s expense, to visit and inspect any of its properties and examine and make abstracts from any of its books and records upon reasonable notice and during regular working hours, and to discuss the business, operations, properties and financial and other condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries with officers and employees of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. 
 SECTION 5.07 Notices . The Borrower shall promptly give notice to the Administrative Agent and each Lender of (a) the occurrence of any Default (b) any litigation, investigation or proceeding involving the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries which, if not cured or if adversely determined, as the case may be, would have a Material Adverse Effect (c) any change in any Debt Rating and (d) any Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy. Each notice pursuant to this Section 5.07 shall be accompanied by a statement of an Authorized Officer setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Borrower proposes to take with respect thereto. 
 SECTION 5.08 Use of Proceeds and Letters of Credit . The proceeds of the Loans will be used only to finance the working capital needs, and for general corporate purposes, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than Hostile Acquisitions). No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the regulations of the Federal Reserve Board, including Regulations T, U and X. Letters of Credit will be issued only to support the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. The Borrower will not request any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, and the Borrower shall not use, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, except to the extent permitted for a Person required to comply with Sanctions, or (iii) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. 
 SECTION 5.09 Debt Rating . The Borrower shall maintain at all times a Debt Rating from both Moody s and S&P. 
 ARTICLE VI Negative Covenants 
 Until the Commitments have expired or terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit have expired or terminated, in each case, without any pending draw, and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that it will not 
 SECTION 6.01 Fundamental Changes . With respect to the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary, without the consent of the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders enter into any transaction of merger or consolidation or amalgamation, or liquidate, wind up or dissolve (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution), convey, sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of, in one transaction or a series of transactions, all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except (a) for sales, leases or rentals of property or assets in the ordinary course of business, (b) that any consolidated Subsidiary of the Borrower may be merged or 
 58 

consolidated with or into the Borrower provided that the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving corporation) or with any one or more Subsidiaries of the Borrower provided that if any such transaction shall be between a Subsidiary and a wholly-owned Subsidiary, the wholly-owned Subsidiary shall be the continuing or surviving corporation), (c) any Subsidiary may sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any or all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to the Borrower or another wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Borrower and (d) the Borrower may be merged with any other Person if (i) the Borrower is the surviving corporation, (ii) immediately after giving effect to such merger, there shall exist no condition or event which constitutes an Event of Default or which, with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute an Event of Default, and (iii) all representations and warranties contained in Article III hereof are true and correct in all material respects (except for any such representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality or reference to Material Adverse Effect, which representation shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date of the consummation of such merger, and after giving effect thereto, as though restated on and as of such date (except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (except for any such representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality or reference to Material Adverse Effect, which representation shall be true and correct in all respects) as of such earlier date). 
 SECTION 6.02 Financial Covenant . Maintenance of Consolidated Indebtedness to Total Capitalization . As at the end of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower, permit Consolidated Indebtedness to be greater than 70 of Total Capitalization. 
 ARTICLE VII Events of Default 
 SECTION 7.01 Events of Default . If any of the following events Events of Default shall occur 
 (a) The Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of the Loans when due in accordance with the terms hereof or 
 (b) The Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on the Loans, or any other amount payable by the Borrower hereunder, within five days after any such amount becomes due in accordance with the terms hereof or 
 (c) Any representation or warranty made or deemed made by the Borrower herein shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect on or as of the date made or 
 (d) The Borrower shall default in the observance or performance of any covenant described in Sections 5.08 , 6.01 or 6.02 or the Borrower shall default in the observance or performance of any other agreement or covenant contained in this Agreement, and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after the earlier of (i) the date a Responsible Officer has knowledge of such default or (ii) written notice of such default shall have been given to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or 
 (e) The Borrower shall fail to make any payment in respect of any Indebtedness having singly or in the aggregate an outstanding amount in excess of 50 million when due or within any applicable grace period or 
 (f) A final judgment for the payment of money exceeding an aggregate of 15 million shall be rendered or entered against the Borrower and or any Significant Subsidiary and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of 60 days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed or contested in good faith or 
 (g) An involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief in respect of the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, 
 59 

insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for 60 days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered or 
 (h) The Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (g) above, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (vi) become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due or (vii) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing 
 (i) a Change in Control shall occur 
 (j) an ERISA Event shall have occurred (other than the Borrower s December 22, 2013 withdrawal from the Western States Office and Professional Employees International Union Pension Fund) that, in the opinion of the Required Lenders, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or 
 (k) any material provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect or the Borrower or any Subsidiary contests in writing the validity or enforceability of any provision of any Loan Document or, prior to satisfaction in full of all Obligations, the Borrower denies in writing that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document, or the Borrower purports in writing to revoke, terminate or rescind any Loan Document other than in compliance with Section 9.02 
 then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Borrower, described in clause (g) or (h) above), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrower, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times (i) terminate the Commitments, and thereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately, and or (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower, (iii) require cash collateral for the LC Exposure as required in Section 2.06(j) hereof and (iv) exercise on behalf of itself, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks all rights and remedies available to it, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks under the Loan Documents and applicable law and in case of any event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (g) or (h) of this Section, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding and cash collateral for the LC Exposure, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Obligations accrued hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Borrower to cash collateralize the LC Exposure as provided in clause (iii) above shall automatically become effective, in each case, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, exercise any rights and remedies provided to the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents or at law or equity. 
 SECTION 7.02 Application of Payments . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, and notice thereof 
 60 

to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or the Required Lenders, all payments received on account of the Obligations shall, subject to Section 2.21, be applied by the Administrative Agent as follows 
 (i) first , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts payable to the Administrative Agent (including fees and disbursements and other charges of counsel to the Administrative Agent payable under Section 9.03 and amounts pursuant to Section 2.12(c) payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such) 
 (ii) second , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, expenses, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, reimbursement obligations in respect of LC Disbursements, interest and Letter of Credit fees) payable to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks (including fees and disbursements and other charges of counsel to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks payable under Section 9.03) arising under the Loan Documents, ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (ii) payable to them 
 (iii) third , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit fees and charges and interest on the Loans and unreimbursed LC Disbursements, ratably among the Lenders and the Issuing Banks in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (iii) payable to them 
 (iv) fourth , (A) to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and unreimbursed LC Disbursements and (B) to cash collateralize that portion of LC Exposure comprising the undrawn amount of Letters of Credit to the extent not otherwise cash collateralized by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.06 or 2.21, ratably among the Lenders and the Issuing Banks in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (iv) payable to them provided that (x) any such amounts applied pursuant to subclause (B) above shall be paid to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the applicable Issuing Bank to cash collateralize Obligations in respect of Letters of Credit, (y) subject to Section 2.06 or 2.21, amounts used to cash collateralize the aggregate amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to this clause (iv) shall be used to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur and (z) upon the expiration of any Letter of Credit (without any pending drawings), the pro rata share of cash collateral shall be distributed to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth in this Section 7.02 
 (v) fifth , to the payment in full of all other Obligations, in each case ratably among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks based upon the respective aggregate amounts of all such Obligations owing to them in accordance with the respective amounts thereof then due and payable and 
 (vi) finally , the balance, if any, after all Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by law. 
 If any amount remains on deposit as cash collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired (without any pending drawings), such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above. 
 ARTICLE VIII The Administrative Agent 
 SECTION 8.01 Authorization and Action . (a) Each Lender and the Issuing Banks hereby irrevocably appoints the entity named as Administrative Agent in the heading of this Agreement and its successors and assigns to serve as the administrative agent under the Loan Documents and each Lender and the Issuing Banks authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to the Administrative Agent under such agreements and to exercise such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Without limiting the foregoing, each Lender and the Issuing Banks hereby authorizes 
 61 

the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver, and to perform its obligations under, each of the Loan Documents to which the Administrative Agent is a party, to exercise all rights, powers and remedies that the Administrative Agent may have under such Loan Documents. 
 (b) As to any matters not expressly provided for herein and in the other Loan Documents (including enforcement or collection), the Administrative Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the written instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, pursuant to the terms in the Loan Documents), and, unless and until revoked in writing, such instructions shall be binding upon each Lender and the Issuing Banks provided , however, that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that (i) the Administrative Agent in good faith believes exposes it to liability unless the Administrative Agent receives an indemnification and is exculpated in a manner satisfactory to it from the Lenders and the Issuing Banks with respect to such action or (ii) is contrary to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or applicable law, including any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors provided , further , that the Administrative Agent may seek clarification or direction from the Required Lenders prior to the exercise of any such instructed action and may refrain from acting until such clarification or direction has been provided. Except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. Nothing in this Agreement shall require the Administrative Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it. 
 (c) In performing its functions and duties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent is acting solely on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks (except in limited circumstances expressly provided for herein relating to the maintenance of the Register), and its duties are entirely mechanical and administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing 
 (i) the Administrative Agent does not assume and shall not be deemed to have assumed any obligation or duty or any other relationship as the agent, fiduciary or trustee of or for any Lender, Issuing Bank or holder of any other obligation other than as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, regardless of whether a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (and it is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent (or any similar term) herein or in any other Loan Document with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary duty or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law, and that such term is used as a matter of market custom and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties) additionally, each Lender agrees that it will not assert any claim against the Administrative Agent based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by the Administrative Agent in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby 
 (ii) nothing in this Agreement or any Loan Document shall require the Administrative Agent to account to any Lender for any sum or the profit element of any sum received by the Administrative Agent for its own account 
 62 

(d) The Administrative Agent may perform any of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any of their respective duties and exercise their respective rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities pursuant to this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agent except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agent. 
 (e) None of any Co-Syndication Agents, the Sustainability Structuring Agent or any Arrangers shall have obligations or duties whatsoever in such capacity under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and shall incur no liability hereunder or thereunder in such capacity, but all such Persons shall have the benefit of the indemnities provided for hereunder. 
 (f) In case of the pendency of any proceeding with respect to the Borrower under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or any other obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise 
 (i) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, LC Disbursements and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent (including any claim under Sections 2.12, 2.13, 2.15, 2.17 and 9.03) allowed in such judicial proceeding and 
 (ii) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same 
 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and each Issuing Bank to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due to it, in its capacity as the Administrative Agent, under the Loan Documents (including under Section 9.03). Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or Issuing Bank any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or Issuing Bank or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or Issuing Bank in any such proceeding. 
 (g) The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Sustainability Structuring Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, and, except solely to the extent of the Borrower s rights to consent pursuant to and subject to the conditions set forth in this Article, none of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any of their respective Affiliates, shall have any rights as a third party beneficiary under any such provisions. 
 SECTION 8.02 Administrative Agent s Reliance, Indemnification, Etc. (a) Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall be (i) liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it under or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (x) with the consent of or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith to be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in the Loan Documents) or (y) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct (such absence to be presumed unless otherwise determined by a court of competent 
 63 

jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment) or (ii) responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by the Borrower or any officer thereof contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf, or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page) or for any failure of the Borrower to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until written notice thereof (stating that it is a notice of default is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, a Lender or any Issuing Bank, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered thereunder or in connection therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or satisfaction of any condition that expressly refers to the matters described therein being acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (c) Without limiting the foregoing, the Administrative Agent (i) may treat the payee of any promissory note as its holder until such promissory note has been assigned in accordance with Section 9.04, (ii) may rely on the Register to the extent set forth in Section 9.04(b), (iii) may consult with legal counsel (including counsel to the Borrower), independent public accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts, (iv) makes no warranty or representation to any Lender or Issuing Bank and shall not be responsible to any Lender or Issuing Bank for any statements, warranties or representations made by or on behalf of the Borrower in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (v) in determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or any Issuing Bank, may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or Issuing Bank unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or Issuing Bank sufficiently in advance of the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit and (vi) shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any notice, consent, certificate or other instrument or writing (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper party or parties (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). 
 SECTION 8.03 Posting of Communications . (a) The Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make any Communications available to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks by posting the Communications on IntraLinks , DebtDomain, SyndTrak, ClearPar or any other electronic platform chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system (the Approved Electronic Platform ). 
 (b) Although the Approved Electronic Platform and its primary web portal are secured with generally-applicable security procedures and policies implemented or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time (including, as of the Restatement Effective Date, a user ID password authorization system) and the Approved Electronic Platform is secured through a per-deal authorization method whereby each user may access the Approved Electronic Platform only on a deal-by-deal basis, each of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure, that the Administrative 
 64 

Agent is not responsible for approving or vetting the representatives or contacts of any Lender that are added to the Approved Electronic Platform, and that there are confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution. Each of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower hereby approves distribution of the Communications through the Approved Electronic Platform and understands and assumes the risks of such distribution. 
 (c) THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS ARE PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE . THE APPLICABLE PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE COMMUNICATIONS, OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY THE APPLICABLE PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMMUNICATIONS OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY ARRANGERS, THE SUSTAINABILITY STRUCTURING AGENT, ANY CO-SYNDICATION AGENTS OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE RELATED PARTIES (COLLECTIVELY, APPLICABLE PARTIES HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO THE BORROWER, ANY LENDER, ANY ISSUING BANK OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES (WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF THE BORROWER S OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT S TRANSMISSION OF COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM. 
 Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank by means of electronic communications pursuant to this Section, including through an Approved Electronic Platform. 
 (d) Each Lender and Issuing Bank agrees that notice to it (as provided in the next sentence) specifying that Communications have been posted to the Approved Electronic Platform shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to such Lender for purposes of the Loan Documents. Each Lender and Issuing Bank agrees (i) to notify the Administrative Agent in writing (which could be in the form of electronic communication) from time to time of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s (as applicable) email address to which the foregoing notice may be sent by electronic transmission and (ii) that the foregoing notice may be sent to such email address. 
 (e) Each of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but (except as may be required by applicable law) shall not be obligated to, store the Communications on the Approved Electronic Platform in accordance with the Administrative Agent s generally applicable document retention procedures and policies. 
 (f) Nothing herein shall prejudice the right of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank to give any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document in any other manner specified in such Loan Document. 
 SECTION 8.04 The Administrative Agent Individually . With respect to its Commitment, Loans, Letter of Credit Commitments and Letters of Credit, the Person serving as the Administrative Agent shall have and may exercise the same rights and powers hereunder and is subject to the same obligations and liabilities as and to the extent set forth herein for any other Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be. The terms Issuing Bank , Lenders , Required Lenders and any similar terms shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity as a Lender, Issuing Bank or as one of the Required Lenders, as applicable. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, 
 65 

own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust or other business with, the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing as if such Person was not acting as the Administrative Agent and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks. 
 SECTION 8.05 Successor Administrative Agent . Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Administrative Agent as provided in this paragraph, the Administrative Agent may resign at any time by notifying the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with the Borrower, to appoint a successor. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, appoint a successor Administrative Agent which shall be a bank with an office in New York, New York, or an Affiliate of any such bank. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder. The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the Administrative Agent s resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Section 9.03, as well as any exculpatory, reimbursement and indemnification provisions set forth in any other Loan Document, shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 8.06 Acknowledgments of Lenders and Issuing Banks . (a) Each Lender and each Issuing Bank represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility, (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and in providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or Issuing Bank, in each case in the ordinary course of business, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument (and each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing), (iii) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Co-Syndication Agent, the Sustainability Structuring Agent or any other Lender or Issuing Bank, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement as a Lender, and to make, acquire or hold Loans hereunder and (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Co-Syndication Agent, the Sustainability Structuring Agent or any other Lender or Issuing Bank, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information (which may contain material, non-public information within the meaning of the United States securities laws concerning the Borrower and its Affiliates) as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank also acknowledges and agrees that none of the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Co-Syndication Agent, the Sustainability Structuring Agent acting in such capacities have made any assurances as to (i) whether the credit facility evidenced by the Loan Documents (the Facility meets such Lender s or Issuing Bank s criteria or expectations with regard to environmental impact and sustainability performance, (ii) whether any characteristics of the Facility, including the characteristics of the relevant key performance indicators to which the Borrower will link a potential margin step-up or step-down, including their environmental and sustainability criteria, meet any industry standards for sustainability-linked credit facilities and (b) each Lender and Issuing Bank has performed its own independent investigation and analysis of the Facility and whether the Facility meets its own criteria or expectations with regard to environmental impact and or sustainability performance. 
 66 

(b) Each Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement on the Restatement Effective Date, or delivering its signature page to an Assignment and Assumption or any other Loan Document pursuant to which it shall become a Lender hereunder, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to be delivered to, or be approved by or satisfactory to, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders on the Restatement Effective Date. 
 (c) 
 (i) Each Lender hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise individually and collectively, a Payment were erroneously transmitted to such Lender (whether or not known to such Lender), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender under this Section 8.06(c) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (ii) Each Lender hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 
 (iii) The Borrower hereby agrees that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered from any Lender that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower. 
 (iv) Each party s obligations under this Section 8.06(c) shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan Document. 
 SECTION 8.07 Certain ERISA Matters . (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit 
 67 

of, the Administrative Agent, and each Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower, that at least one of the following is and will be true 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments, 
 (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, and the conditions for exemptive relief thereunder are and will continue to be satisfied in connection therewith, 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 (b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, each Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower, that none of the Administrative Agent, or any Arranger, any Co-Syndication Agent, the Sustainability Structuring Agent or any of their Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 
 (c) The Administrative Agent, and each Arranger hereby informs the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide impartial investment advice, or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out 
 68 

premiums, banker s acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. 
 SECTION 8.08 Certain Sustainability Matters . Each party hereto hereby agrees that neither the Administrative Agent nor the Sustainability Structuring Agent shall have any responsibility for (or liability in respect of) reviewing, auditing or otherwise evaluating any calculation by the Borrower of any Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment or any Sustainability Rate Adjustment (or any of the data or computations that are part of or related to any such calculation) set forth in any Pricing Certificate (and the Administrative Agent may rely conclusively on any such certificate, without further inquiry). 
 
 ARTICLE IX Miscellaneous 
 SECTION 9.01 Notices . (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and subject to paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy, as follows 
 (i) if to the Borrower, to it at 250 SW Taylor Street, Portland, OR 97204, Attention of Brody J. Wilson, Vice President, Treasurer, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller (Telecopy No. (503) 220-2584 Telephone No. (503) 610-7176 Email Address brody.wilson nwnatural.com) 
 (ii) if to the Administrative Agent, to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 131 S Dearborn St, Floor 04, Chicago, IL 60603-5506, Attention of Kathryn V Tyler (Telecopy No. (844) 490-5663, Telephone No. (312) 954-0447 Email Address katy.tyler chase.com) 
 (iii) If to the Swingline Lender, to it at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 131 S Dearborn St, Floor 04, Chicago, IL 60603-5506, Attention of Kathryn V Tyler (Telecopy No. (844) 490-5663, Telephone No. (312) 954-0447 Email Address katy.tyler chase.com) 
 (iv) if to the Issuing Banks, 
 (A) in the case of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A, to it at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 8181 Communications Pkwy, Building B, 6th Floor, Plano, TX 75024, Attention of Hamza Tariq (Telephone No. (972) 324-2325 Email Address hamza.tariq jpmorgan.com) 
 (B) if to Bank of America, N.A. to it at Bank of America, N.A., Commercial Banking Credit Products, OR1-129-17-01 121, SW Morrison St., Suite 1700, Portland, OR 97204, Attention of Daryl K. Hogge (Telecopy No. (312) 453-5325 Telephone No. (503) 795-6469 Email Address daryl.k.hogge baml.com) 
 (C) if to U.S. Bank National Association to it at U.S. Bank National Association, Corporate & Commercial Banking, 209 S. LaSalle St., Chicago, IL 60604 , MK-IL-RY3S, Attention of John M. Eyerman (Telephone No. (312) 325-2032 Email Address john.eyerman usbank.com) and 
 (D) if to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association to it at Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, Wells Fargo Corporate Banking, 90 S. Seventh Street, 15th Floor MAC N9305-15G, Minneapolis, MN 55402 Attention of Gregory R. Gredvig (Telecopy No. (612) 316-0506 Telephone No. (612) 667-4832 Email Address gregory.r.gredvig wellsfargo.com) and 
 69 

(v) if to any other Lender, to it at its address (or telecopy number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. 
 Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received notices sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices delivered through Approved Electronic Platforms, to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below, shall be effective as provided in said paragraph (b). 
 (b) Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereunder may be delivered or furnished by using Approved Electronic Platforms pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i), of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient. 
 (c) Any party hereto may change its address or telecopy number for notices and other communications hereunder by written notice to the other parties hereto. 
 SECTION 9.02 Waivers Amendments . (a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. 
 (b) Subject to Section 2.14(b), (c) and (d), and clauses (c) and (d) below, neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Required Lenders or by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders provided that no such agreement shall (i) increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender, (ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby, (iii) postpone the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement, or any interest thereon, or any fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby, (iv) change Section 2.09(c) or Section 2.18(b) or (d) in a manner 
 70 

that would alter the ratable reduction of Commitments or pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, without the written consent of each Lender, (v) change the payment waterfall provisions of Section 2.21(b) or 7.02 without the written consent of each Lender or (vi) change any of the provisions of this Section or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender (it being understood that, solely with the consent of the parties prescribed by Section 2.20 to be parties to an Incremental Term Loan Amendment, Incremental Term Loans may be included in the determination of Required Lenders on substantially the same basis as the Commitments and the Revolving Loans are included on the Restatement Effective Date) provided further that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be (it being understood that any change to Section 2.21 shall require the consent of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender) provided further , that no such agreement shall amend or modify the provisions of Section 2.06 or any letter of credit application and any bilateral agreement between the Borrower and any Issuing Bank regarding such Issuing Bank s Letter of Credit Commitment or the respective rights and obligations between the Borrower and such Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance of Letters of Credit without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and such Issuing Bank, respectively. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no consent with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification of this Agreement shall be required of any Defaulting Lender, except with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification referred to in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) of the first proviso of this paragraph and then only in the event such Defaulting Lender shall be directly affected by such amendment, waiver or other modification. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement and any other Loan Document may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (x) to add one or more credit facilities (in addition to the Incremental Term Loans pursuant to an Incremental Term Loan Amendment) to this Agreement and to permit extensions of credit from time to time outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the Revolving Loans, Incremental Term Loans and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof and (y) to include appropriately the Lenders holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders and Lenders. 
 (d) If the Administrative Agent and the Borrower acting together identify any ambiguity, omission, mistake, typographical error or other defect in any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, then the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall be permitted to amend, modify or supplement such provision to cure such ambiguity, omission, mistake, typographical error or other defect, and such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement. 
 SECTION 9.03 Expenses Limitation of Liability Indemnity Etc. 
 (a) Expenses . The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Co-Syndication Agents, the Sustainability Structuring Agent, the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel and other advisors and professionals for such Persons, in connection with the syndication and distribution (including, without limitation, via the internet or through a service such as Intralinks) of the credit facilities provided for herein, the investigation, preparation, negotiation, documentation, collection and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by any Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Co-Syndication Agents, the Sustainability Structuring Agent, any Arranger, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent, the Co-Syndication Agents, the Sustainability Structuring Agent, any Arranger, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, 
 71 

in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement and any other Loan Document, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit. 
 (b) Indemnity . The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, the Co-Syndication Agents, the Sustainability Structuring Agent, each Arranger, any Issuing Bank and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all Liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by any Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective Proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether or not such Proceeding is brought by the Borrower or its respective equity holders, Affiliates, creditors or any other third Person and whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such Liabilities or related expenses (A) result from a claim brought by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries against such Indemnitee for material breach of such Indemnitee s or any of its Related Parties obligations under any Loan Document if the Borrower or such Subsidiary has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction or (B) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee. This Section 9.03(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 (c) Lender Reimbursement . Each Lender severally agrees to pay any amount required to be paid by the Borrower under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 9.03 to the Administrative Agent, the Co-Syndication Agents, the Sustainability Structuring Agent the Arrangers, the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each, an Agent-Related Person (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), ratably according to their respective Applicable Percentage in effect on the date on which such payment is sought under this Section (or, if such payment is sought after the date upon which the Commitments shall have terminated and the Loans shall have been paid in full, ratably in accordance with such Applicable Percentage immediately prior to such date), and agrees to indemnify and hold each Agent-Related Person harmless from and against any and all Liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time (whether before or after the payment of the Loans) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Agent-Related Person in any way relating to or arising out of the Commitments, this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by such Agent-Related Person under or in connection with any of the foregoing provided that the unreimbursed expense or Liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against such Agent-Related Person in its capacity as such provided further that no Lender shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such Liabilities, costs, expenses or disbursements that are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Agent-Related Person s gross negligence or willful misconduct. The agreements in this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 (d) Limitation of Liability . To the extent permitted by applicable law, (i) the Borrower shall not assert, and hereby waives, any claim against the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Co-Syndication Agent, the Sustainability Structuring Agent, any Issuing Bank and any Lender, and 
 72 

any Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called a Lender-Related Person for any Liabilities arising from the use by others of information or other materials obtained through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the Internet), and (ii) no party hereto shall assert, and each such party hereby waives, any claim against any other party hereto, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof provided that, nothing in this clause (d)(ii) shall relieve the Borrower of any obligation it may have to indemnify an Indemnitee against special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages asserted against such Indemnitee by a third party. 
 (e) Payments . All amounts due under this Section shall be payable promptly after written demand therefor. 
 SECTION 9.04 Successors and Assigns . (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of any Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that (i) the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of any Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (b) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Persons (other than an Ineligible Institution) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment, participations in Letters of Credit and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) of 
 (A) the Borrower (provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days after having received notice thereof) provided, further, that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any other assignee 
 (B) the Administrative Agent provided , that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment of any Commitment to an assignee that is a Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender) with a Commitment immediately prior to giving effect to such assignment 
 (C) the Issuing Banks and 
 (D) the Swingline Lender. 
 (ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions 
 (A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment or Loans of any Class, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the 
 73 

Administrative Agent) shall not be less than 5,000,000 unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent to a lesser amount, provided that no such consent of the Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing 
 (B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, provided that this clause shall not be construed to prohibit the assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations in respect of one Class of Commitments or Loans 
 (C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent (x) an Assignment and Assumption or (y) to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500, such fee to be paid by either the assigning Lender or the assignee Lender or shared between such Lenders and 
 (D) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in which the assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Borrower and its Affiliates and their Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignee s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws. 
 For the purposes of this Section 9.04(b), the terms Approved Fund and Ineligible Institution have the following meanings 
 Approved Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
 Ineligible Institution means (a) a natural person, (b) a Defaulting Lender or its Lender Parent, (c) a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person or relative(s) thereof or (d) the Borrower or any of its Affiliates provided that, with respect to clause (c), such holding company, investment vehicle or trust shall not constitute an Ineligible Institution if it (x) has not been established for the primary purpose of acquiring any Loans or Commitments, (y) is managed by a professional advisor, who is not such natural person or a relative thereof, having significant experience in the business of making or purchasing commercial loans, and (z) has assets greater than 25,000,000 and a significant part of its activities consist of making or purchasing commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. 
 (iii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 9.04 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section. 
 74 

(iv) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, any Issuing Bank and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 (v) Upon its receipt of (x) a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee or (y) to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, the assignee s completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register provided that if either the assigning Lender or the assignee shall have failed to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.05(c), 2.06(d) or (e), 2.07(b), 2.18(e) or 9.03(c), the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information therein in the Register unless and until such payment shall have been made in full, together with all accrued interest thereon. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 
 (c) Any Lender may, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lender, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a Participant ), other than an Ineligible Institution, in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and or the Loans owing to it) provided that (A) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (C) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that affects such Participant. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 2.17(f) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.17(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 2.18 and 2.19 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 2.15 or 2.17, with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 2.19(b) with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.08 as though it were a Lender, provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.18(c) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations 
 75 

under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (d) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 SECTION 9.05 Survival . All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Borrower in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any provision hereof or thereof. 
 SECTION 9.06 Counterparts Integration Effectiveness Electronic Execution . (a) This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to (i) fees payable to the Administrative Agent and (ii) the reductions of the Letter of Credit Commitment of any Issuing Bank constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
 (b) Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Agreement, (y) any other Loan Document and or (z) any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any notice delivered pursuant to Section 9.01), certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or the transactions contemplated hereby and or thereby (each an Ancillary Document that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement, such other Loan Document or such Ancillary Document, as applicable. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, 
 76 

emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic Signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic signature and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower hereby (i) agrees that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower, Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and or any electronic images of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, (ii) the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record), (iii) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including with respect to any signature pages thereto and (iv) waives any claim against any Lender-Related Person for any Liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and or any Lender s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures and or transmissions by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page, including any Liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Borrower to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 
 SECTION 9.07 Severability . Any provision of any Loan Document held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions thereof and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 SECTION 9.08 Right of Setoff . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, each Issuing Bank, and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final and in whatever currency denominated) at any time held, and other obligations at any time owing, by such Lender, such Issuing Bank or any such Affiliate, to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any and all of the Obligations now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or such Issuing Bank or their respective Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender, Issuing Bank or Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch office or Affiliate of such Lender or such Issuing Bank different from the branch office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.21 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender, each Issuing Bank and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, such Issuing Bank or their respective Affiliates may 
 77 

have. Each Lender and Issuing Bank agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 
 SECTION 9.09 Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process . (a) This Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. 
 (b) Each of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that, notwithstanding the governing law provisions of any applicable Loan Document, any claims brought against the Administrative Agent by any Lender relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document or the consummation or administration of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. 
 (c) Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan (or if such court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan), and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions relating hereto or thereto, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may (and any such claims brought against the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties may only) be heard and determined in such Federal (to the extent permitted by law) or New York State court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement against the Borrower, the Borrower or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. 
 (d) Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (c) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 
 (e) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.01. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
 SECTION 9.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 
 SECTION 9.11 Headings . Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 
 78 

SECTION 9.12 Confidentiality . Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any Governmental Authority (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (1) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (2) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations, (g) on a confidential basis to (1) any rating agency in connection with rating the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided for herein or (2) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of identification numbers with respect to the credit facilities provided for herein, (h) with the consent of the Borrower or (i) to the extent such Information (1) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (2) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower. For the purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Borrower relating to the Borrower or its business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower and other than information pertaining to this Agreement routinely provided by arrangers to data service providers, including league table providers, that serve the lending industry provided that, in the case of information received from the Borrower after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 SECTION 9.13 Material Non-Public Information . (a) EACH LENDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT INFORMATION AS DEFINED IN SECTION 9.12 FURNISHED TO IT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY INCLUDE MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION CONCERNING THE BORROWER AND ITS RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES, AND CONFIRMS THAT IT HAS DEVELOPED COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES REGARDING THE USE OF MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION AND THAT IT WILL HANDLE SUCH MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THOSE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS . 
 (b) ALL INFORMATION, INCLUDING REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS AND AMENDMENTS, FURNISHED BY THE BORROWER OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT PURSUANT TO, OR IN THE COURSE OF ADMINISTERING, THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE SYNDICATE-LEVEL INFORMATION, WHICH MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION ABOUT THE BORROWER AND ITS RELATED PARTIES OR ITS RESPECTIVE SECURITIES. ACCORDINGLY, EACH LENDER REPRESENTS TO THE BORROWER AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT THAT IT HAS IDENTIFIED IN ITS ADMINISTRATIVE QUESTIONNAIRE A CREDIT CONTACT WHO MAY RECEIVE INFORMATION THAT MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW. 
 SECTION 9.14 USA PATRIOT Act . Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (the Patriot Act hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Patriot Act. 
 79 

SECTION 9.15 Intentionally Omitted . 
 SECTION 9.16 Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the Charges ), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the NYFRB Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender. 
 SECTION 9.17 No Fiduciary Duty, etc . The Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that no Credit Party will have any obligations except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents and each Credit Party is acting solely in the capacity of an arm s length contractual counterparty to the Borrower with respect to the Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated therein and not as a financial advisor or a fiduciary to, or an agent of, the Borrower or any other person. The Borrower agrees that it will not assert any claim against any Credit Party based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by such Credit Party in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. Additionally, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that no Credit Party is advising the Borrower as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting, regulatory or any other matters in any jurisdiction. The Borrower shall consult with its own advisors concerning such matters and shall be responsible for making its own independent investigation and appraisal of the transactions contemplated hereby, and the Credit Parties shall have no responsibility or liability to the Borrower with respect thereto. 
 The Borrower further acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that each Credit Party, together with its Affiliates, is a full service securities or banking firm engaged in securities trading and brokerage activities as well as providing investment banking and other financial services. In the ordinary course of business, any Credit Party may provide investment banking and other financial services to, and or acquire, hold or sell, for its own accounts and the accounts of customers, equity, debt and other securities and financial instruments (including bank loans and other obligations) of, the Borrower and other companies with which it may have commercial or other relationships. With respect to any securities and or financial instruments so held by any Credit Party or any of its customers, all rights in respect of such securities and financial instruments, including any voting rights, will be exercised by the holder of the rights, in its sole discretion. 
 In addition, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that each Credit Party and its affiliates may be providing debt financing, equity capital or other services (including financial advisory services) to other companies in respect of which the Borrower or its Subsidiaries may have conflicting interests regarding the transactions described herein and otherwise. No Credit Party will use confidential information obtained from the Borrower by virtue of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or its other relationships with the Borrower in connection with the performance by such Credit Party of services for other companies, and no Credit Party will furnish any such information to other companies. The Borrower also acknowledges that no Credit Party has any obligation to use in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, or to furnish to the Borrower, confidential information obtained from other companies. 
 SECTION 9.18 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 80 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 Signature Pages on file with the Administrative Agent 
 81 

EXHIBIT F-1 
 FORM OF BORROWING REQUEST 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders referred to below 
 131 South Dearborn, Floor 04 Chicago, Illinois 60603-5506 Attention Kathryn V Tyler 
 Facsimile (844) 490-5663 
 Email Address katy.tyler chase.com 
 
 Re Northwest Natural Gas Company 
 Date 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 3, 2021 (as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Northwest Natural Gas Company (the Borrower ), the Lenders from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement. The Borrower hereby gives you notice pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Credit Agreement that it requests a Borrowing under the Credit Agreement, and in that connection the Borrower specifies the following information with respect to such Borrowing requested hereby 
 
 1. Aggregate principal amount of Borrowing 1 __________ 
 2. Date of Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day) 2 __________ 
 3. Type of Borrowing 3 __________ 
 4. Interest Period and the last day thereof (if a Term Benchmark Borrowing) 4 __________ 
 5. Location and number of the Borrower s account or any other account agreed upon by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to which proceeds of Borrowing are to be disbursed __________ 
 Signature Page Follows 
 
 1 Not less than applicable amounts specified in Section 2.02(c). 
 2 For RFR Loans based on Daily Simple SOFR, the date should be 5 Business Days after the date of the Borrowing Request. 
 3 Specify ABR Borrowing, Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing. If no election as to the Type of Borrowing specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. 
 4 Which must comply with the definition of Interest Period and end not later than the Maturity Date. 

The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the conditions to lending specified in Section 4.02 of the Credit Agreement are satisfied as of the date hereof. 
 Very truly yours, 
 NORTHWEST NATURAL GAS COMPANY, 
 as Borrower 
 By Name Title 

EXHIBIT F-2 
 FORM OF INTEREST ELECTION REQUEST 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders referred to below 
 131 South Dearborn, Floor 04 Chicago, Illinois 60603-5663 Attention Kathryn V Tyler Facsimile (844) 490-5663 
 Email Address katy.tyler chase.com 
 
 Re Northwest Natural Gas Company 
 Date 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 3, 2021 (as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Northwest Natural Gas Company (the Borrower ), the Lenders from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement. The Borrower hereby gives you notice pursuant to Section 2.08 of the Credit Agreement that it requests to convert continue an existing Borrowing under the Credit Agreement, and in that connection the Borrower specifies the following information with respect to such conversion continuation requested hereby 
 
 1. List date, Type, principal amount and Interest Period (if applicable) of existing Borrowing __________ 
 2. Aggregate principal amount of resulting Borrowing __________ 
 3. Effective date of interest election (which shall be a Business Day) __________ 
 4. Type of Borrowing (ABR or Term Benchmark) __________ 
 5. Interest Period and the last day thereof (if a Term Benchmark Borrowing) 5 __________ 
 Signature Page Follows 
 
 5 Which must comply with the definition of Interest Period and end not later than the Maturity Date. 

Very truly yours, 
 NORTHWEST NATURAL GAS COMPANY, 
 as Borrower 
 By Name Title 

</EX-4.J>

<EX-10.0>
 4
 ex10oformofchangeinctrlsev.htm
 EX-10.0

Document 
 Exhibit 10o 

February 23, 2023 

Name 
 Address 
 City, State Zip 
 
 Re Amended and Restated Change in Control Severance Agreement 
 Dear Name 
 Northwest Natural Gas Company, an Oregon corporation (the Company ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Northwest Natural Holding Company, an Oregon corporation Parent ), considers the establishment and maintenance of a sound and vital management to be essential to protecting and enhancing the best interests of the Company. In this connection, the Company recognizes that, as is the case with many publicly held corporations like Parent, the possibility of a change in control may exist and that such possibility, and the uncertainty and questions which it may raise among management, may result in the departure or distraction of management personnel to the detriment of the Company, its customers and its shareholders. Accordingly, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board has determined that appropriate steps should be taken to reinforce and encourage the continued attention and dedication of members of the Company s management to their assigned duties without distraction in circumstances arising from the possibility of a change in control of Parent or the Company. 
 In order to induce you to remain in the employ of the Company, this letter agreement, which has been approved by the Board, sets forth severance benefits which the Company agrees will be provided to you in the event your employment with the Company is terminated in connection with a Change in Control (as defined in Section 3 hereof) under the circumstances described below. The Company and you have entered into a prior letter agreement regarding change in control severance benefits dated October 1, 2018. Upon your signature of this letter agreement, that prior agreement as amended by the letter agreement between you and the Company dated February 27, 2020, shall be amended and restated in its entirety in the form of this agreement. 
 1. Agreement to Provide Services Right to Terminate . 
 (i) Except as otherwise provided in paragraph (ii) below, the Company or you may terminate your employment at any time, subject to the Company s providing the benefits hereinafter specified in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 (ii) In the event of a Potential Change in Control (as defined in Section 3 hereof), you agree that you will not leave the employ of the Company (other than as a result of Disability, as such term is hereinafter defined) and will render the services contemplated in the recitals to this Agreement until the earliest of (a) a date which is 270 days from the occurrence of such Potential Change in Control, or (b) a termination of your employment pursuant to which 

Page 2 

you become entitled under this Agreement to receive the benefits provided in Section 5(iii) below. 
 2. Term of Agreement . This Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and shall continue in effect until December 31, 2023 provided, however, that commencing on January 1, 2024 and each January 1 thereafter, the term of this Agreement shall automatically be extended for one additional year unless at least 90 days prior to such January 1 date, the Company or you shall have given notice that this Agreement shall not be extended (provided that no such notice may be given by the Company during the pendency of a Potential Change in Control) and provided, further, that this Agreement shall continue in effect for a period of twenty-four (24) months beyond the term provided herein if a Change in Control shall have occurred during such term. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2 to the contrary, this Agreement shall terminate automatically if you or the Company terminate your employment prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval (as defined in Section 3 hereof), if applicable, or the Change in Control. In addition, the Company may terminate this Agreement during your employment if, prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control, you cease to hold your current position with the Company, except by reason of a promotion. 
 3. Change in Control Potential Change in Control Shareholder Approval Person. 
 (i) For purposes of this Agreement, a Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events 
 (A) The consummation of 
 (1) any consolidation, merger or plan of share exchange involving Parent (a Merger as a result of which the holders of outstanding securities of Parent ordinarily having the right to vote for the election of directors Voting Securities immediately prior to the Merger do not continue to hold at least 50 of the combined voting power of the outstanding Voting Securities of the surviving corporation or a parent corporation of the surviving corporation immediately after the Merger, disregarding any Voting Securities issued to or retained by such holders in respect of securities of any other party to the Merger 
 (2) any consolidation, merger, plan of share exchange or other transaction involving the Company as a result of which Parent does not continue to hold, directly or indirectly, at least 50 of the outstanding securities of the Company ordinarily having the right to vote for the election of directors or 
 (3) any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all, or substantially all, the assets of Parent or the Company 
 (B) At any time during a period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the board of directors of Parent Incumbent Directors shall cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof provided, however, that the term Incumbent Director shall also include each new director elected during such two-year period whose nomination or election was approved by two-thirds of the Incumbent Directors then in office or 

Page 3 

(C) Any Person (as hereinafter defined) shall, as a result of a tender or exchange offer, open market purchases or privately negotiated purchases from anyone other than Parent, have become the beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), directly or indirectly, of Voting Securities representing twenty percent (20 or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding Voting Securities, but disregarding any Voting Securities with respect to which that acquirer has filed SEC Schedule 13G indicating that the Voting Securities were not acquired and are not held for the purpose of or with the effect of changing or influencing, directly or indirectly, the Company s management or policies, unless and until that entity or person files SEC Schedule 13D, at which point this exception will not apply to such Voting Securities, including those previously subject to a SEC Schedule 13G filing. 
 Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, unless otherwise determined by the Board, no Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred for purposes of this Agreement if (1) you acquire (other than on the same basis as all other holders of shares of Common Stock of Parent or the Company) an equity interest in an entity that acquires Parent or the Company in a Change in Control otherwise described under subparagraph (A) above, or (2) you are part of a group that constitutes a Person which becomes a beneficial owner of Voting Securities in a transaction that otherwise would have resulted in a Change in Control under subparagraph (C) above. 
 (ii) For purposes of this Agreement, a Potential Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if 
 (A) Parent or the Company enters into an agreement, the consummation of which would result in the occurrence of a Change in Control 
 (B) any Person (including Parent or the Company) publicly announces an intention to take or to consider taking actions which if consummated would constitute a Change in Control or 
 (C) the Board adopts a resolution to the effect that, for purposes of this Agreement, a Potential Change in Control has occurred. 
 (iii) For purposes of this Agreement, Shareholder Approval shall be deemed to have occurred if the shareholders of Parent approve an agreement entered into by Parent, the consummation of which would result in the occurrence of a Change in Control. 
 (iv) For purposes of this Agreement, the term Person shall mean and include any individual, corporation, partnership, group, association or other person, as such term is used in Section 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), other than Parent or the Company or any employee benefit plan sponsored by Parent or the Company. 
 4. Termination Following Shareholder Approval or Change in Control . If a Change in Control occurs, you shall be entitled to the benefits provided in Section 5(iii) hereof in the event that (x) a Date of Termination (as defined in Section 4(v) below) of your employment with the Company occurred or occurs after the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control and no later than twenty-four (24) months after the Change in Control, or (y) your employment with the Company is terminated by you for Good Reason (as defined below) 

Page 4 

based on an event occurring concurrent with or subsequent to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control and your Notice of Termination (as defined in Section 4(iv) below) in connection therewith shall have been given no later than twenty-four (24) months after the Change in Control provided, however, that if any such termination is (a) because of your death, (b) by the Company for Cause (as defined below) or Disability, or (c) by you other than for Good Reason based on an event occurring concurrent with or subsequent to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control, then you shall not be entitled to the benefits provided in Section 5(iii) hereof. 
 (i) Disability . Termination by the Company of your employment based on Disability shall mean termination because of your absence from your duties with the Company on a full-time basis for one hundred eighty (180) consecutive days as a result of your incapacity due to physical or mental illness, unless within thirty (30) days after Notice of Termination is given to you following such absence you shall have returned to the full-time performance of your duties. 
 (ii) Cause . Termination by the Company of your employment for Cause shall mean termination upon (a) the willful and continued failure by you to perform substantially your assigned duties with the Company (other than any such failure resulting from your incapacity due to physical or mental illness) after a demand for substantial performance is delivered to you by the Chair of the Board or Chief Executive Officer of the Company which specifically identifies the manner in which such executive believes that you have not substantially performed your duties or (b) the willful engaging by you in illegal conduct which is materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company. For purposes of this paragraph (ii), no act, or failure to act, on your part shall be considered willful unless done, or omitted to be done, by you in knowing bad faith and without reasonable belief that your action or omission was in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the Company. Any act, or failure to act, based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board or based upon the advice of counsel for the Company shall be conclusively presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by you in good faith and in the best interests of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you shall not be deemed to have been terminated for Cause unless and until there shall have been delivered to you a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than three-quarters of the entire membership of the Board at a meeting of the Board called and held for the purpose (after reasonable notice to you and an opportunity for you, together with your counsel, to be heard before the Board), finding that in the good faith opinion of the Board you were guilty of the conduct set forth above in (a) or (b) of this paragraph (ii) and specifying the particulars thereof in detail. 
 (iii) Good Reason . Termination by you of your employment with the Company for Good Reason shall mean termination by you of your employment with the Company based on any of the following events provided you give Notice of Termination after the occurrence of any of the following events and no later than 30 days after the later of (1) notice to you of such event, or (2) the Change in Control 
 (A) a change in your status, title, position(s) or responsibilities as an officer of the Company which does not represent a promotion from your status, title, position(s) and responsibilities as in effect immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control, or the assignment to you of any duties or responsibilities which are inconsistent with such status, title or position(s), or any removal of you from or any failure to reappoint or reelect you to such position(s), except 

Page 5 

in connection with the termination of your employment for Cause or Disability or as a result of your death or by you other than for Good Reason provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, if you are an officer of the Company or its affiliate and subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act with respect to those entities immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control, then being an officer of the surviving entity or its parent who is not subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16 of the Exchange Act of 1934 shall be deemed an adverse change to your status and responsibilities 
 (B) a reduction by the Company in your base salary as in effect immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control 
 (C) the failure by the Company or Parent, as applicable, to continue in effect any Plan (as hereinafter defined) in which you are participating immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control (or Plans providing you with at least substantially similar benefits) other than as a result of the normal expiration of any such Plan in accordance with its terms as in effect immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control, or the taking of any action, or the failure to act, by the Company or Parent which would adversely affect your continued participation in any of such Plans on at least as favorable a basis to you as is the case immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control or which would materially reduce your benefits in the future under any of such Plans or deprive you of any material benefit enjoyed by you immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, (1) if a Plan provides for payments to you after the termination of the Plan in accordance with its terms, any changes to the payments to be made to you under such Plan after its termination will be deemed a failure to continue such Plan in accordance with its terms, and (2) the failure to adopt a new annual incentive plan after the expiration of an annual incentive plan will be deemed to be the failure to continue in effect a Plan, even though the prior plan expired in accordance with its terms 
 (D) the failure by the Company to (x) provide and credit you with the number of paid vacation days to which you are then entitled in accordance with the Company s normal vacation policy as in effect immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control or (y) to implement and honor a new vacation policy on substantially the same terms as the Company s vacation policy as in effect immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control 
 (E) the Company s requiring you to be based more than 25 miles from where your office is located immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control except for required travel on the Company s business to an extent substantially consistent with the business travel obligations which you undertook on behalf of the Company prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control 
 (F) the failure by the Company to obtain from any Successor (as hereinafter defined) the assent to this Agreement contemplated by Section 7 hereof 

Page 6 

(G) any purported termination by the Company of your employment which is not effected pursuant to a Notice of Termination satisfying the requirements of paragraph (iv) below (and, if applicable, paragraph (ii) above) and for purposes of this Agreement, no such purported termination shall be effective or 
 (H) the failure by the Company to pay you any portion of your current compensation, to credit your account under any deferred compensation plan in accordance with your previous election, or to pay you any portion of an installment of deferred compensation under any Plan in which you participated, within seven (7) days of the date such compensation is due. 
 For purposes of this Agreement, Plan shall mean any compensation plan such as an incentive, stock option or restricted stock plan or any employee benefit plan such as a savings, pension, profit sharing, deferred compensation, medical, disability, accident, life insurance, or relocation plan or policy or any other plan, program or policy of the Company or Parent intended to benefit employees of the Company. 
 (iv) Notice of Termination . Any purported termination by the Company or by you (other than termination due to your death, which shall terminate your employment automatically) following the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or a Change in Control shall be communicated by Notice of Termination to the other party hereto. For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of Termination shall mean a notice which shall indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon and shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of your employment under the provision so indicated. 
 (A) With respect to any Notice of Termination given by you for Good Reason, such Notice of Termination may indicate that such termination for Good Reason shall be conditioned upon, and postponed until, the date on which it is finally determined, either by mutual written agreement of the parties or by the arbitrators in a proceeding as provided in Section 13 hereof, that Good Reason exists for such termination. If a Notice of Termination given by you for Good Reason indicates that such termination shall be so conditioned and postponed, then, if the Company disputes the existence of Good Reason, the Company shall, within thirty (30) days after the Notice of Termination is given, notify you that a dispute exists concerning the termination, whereupon Section 13 hereof shall apply to such dispute. If no such notice is given by the Company within such 30-day period, then a final determination that Good Reason exists shall be deemed to have occurred on the date thirty (30) days after the Notice of Termination for Good Reason is given. 
 (B) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement 
 (1) if, at any time before the Date of Termination determined pursuant to this Agreement with respect to any purported termination by you of your employment with the Company, there exists a basis for the Company to terminate your employment for Cause, then the Company may, regardless of whether or not you have given Notice of Termination for Good Reason and regardless of whether or not Good Reason exists, terminate your employment for Cause, in which event you shall not be entitled to the benefits provided in Section 5(iii) hereof, and 

Page 7 

(2) if you die or your employment is terminated based on Disability after you have given Notice of Termination for Good Reason and before the Date of Termination determined under this Agreement with respect to that Notice of Termination, and it is subsequently finally determined that Good Reason existed at the time your employment terminated, then termination of your employment shall be deemed to have occurred for Good Reason (and not due to your death or Disability) and you shall be entitled to the benefits provided in Section 5(iii) hereof. 
 (v) Date of Termination . Date of Termination shall mean the date your employment with the Company is terminated following the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or a Change in Control, which date shall be determined as follows 
 (A) if your employment is to be terminated for Disability, thirty (30) days after Notice of Termination is given (provided that, if you shall have returned to the performance of your duties on a full-time basis during such thirty (30) day period, then the termination for Disability contemplated by the Notice of Termination shall not occur), 
 (B) if your employment is terminated due to your death, the date of your death, 
 (C) if your employment is to be terminated by the Company other than for Disability, or if your employment is to be terminated by you without a claim of Good Reason, the date specified in the Notice of Termination, and 
 (D) if your employment is to be terminated by you for Good Reason, the date ninety (90) days after the date on which a Notice of Termination is given, unless either 
 (1) an earlier date has been agreed to by the Company either in advance of, or after, receiving such Notice of Termination (in which case such earlier date shall be the Date of Termination), 
 (2) pursuant to and in accordance with Section 4(iv) you have indicated in your Notice of Termination that you are conditioning your termination upon (and postponing such termination until) the date on which it is finally determined that Good Reason exists for such termination (in which case the later of such date as determined in accordance with Section 4(iv) above, or the date otherwise determined under this Section 4(v)(D), shall be the Date of Termination), 
 (3) the Company shall not have notified you within fifteen (15) days after a Notice of Termination for Good Reason is given that it intends to fully correct the circumstances giving rise to Good Reason (in which case the date fifteen (15) days after the Notice of Termination shall be the Date of Termination), or 
 (4) if the Company gives notice as provided in Section 4(v)(D)(3) and if the circumstances giving rise to Good Reason are fully corrected on or prior to the date that is ninety (90) days after such Notice of Termination was given, then 

Page 8 

the termination for Good Reason contemplated by such Notice of Termination shall not occur. 
 (E) You shall not be obligated to perform any services after the Date of Termination that would prevent the termination of your employment on such Date of Termination from qualifying as a separation from service as defined in Treasury Regulations 1.409A-1(h). 
 5. Compensation Upon Termination or During Disability . 
 (i) During any period following the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or a Change in Control that you fail to perform your duties as a result of incapacity due to physical or mental illness, you shall continue to receive your full base salary at the rate then in effect and any benefits or awards under any Plans shall continue to accrue during such period, to the extent not inconsistent with such Plans, until your employment is terminated pursuant to and in accordance with Sections 4(i) and 4(v) hereof. Thereafter, your benefits shall be determined in accordance with the Plans then in effect. 
 (ii) If your employment shall be terminated for Cause or as a result of death following the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or a Change in Control, the Company shall pay you your full base salary through the Date of Termination at the rate in effect just prior to the time a Notice of Termination is given plus any benefits or awards which pursuant to the terms of any Plans have been earned or become payable, but which have not yet been paid to you. Thereupon the Company shall have no further obligations to you under this Agreement. 
 (iii) If a Change in Control occurs and either (a) after the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control and no later than twenty-four (24) months after the Change in Control, a Date of Termination of your employment with the Company occurred or occurs as a result of a termination by the Company other than for Cause or Disability, or (b) your employment with the Company is terminated by you for Good Reason based on an event occurring concurrent with or subsequent to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control and your Notice of Termination in connection therewith shall have been given no later than twenty-four (24) months after the Change in Control, then, by no later than the fifth day following the later of the Date of Termination or the Change in Control (except as may otherwise be provided), you shall be entitled, without regard to any contrary provisions of any Plan, to a severance benefit as follows 
 (A) the Company shall pay your full base salary through the Date of Termination at the rate in effect just prior to the time a Notice of Termination is given plus any benefits or awards which pursuant to the terms of any Plans have been earned or become payable, but which have not yet been paid to you provided, however, that with respect to a termination of your employment for Good Reason based on a reduction by the Company in your base salary as in effect immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control, the Company shall pay your full base salary through the Date of Termination at the rate in effect just prior to such reduction plus any benefits or awards which pursuant to the terms of any Plans have been earned or become payable, but which have not yet been paid to you 
 (B) as severance pay and in lieu of any further salary for periods subsequent to the Date of Termination, the Company shall pay to you in a single payment an amount in 

Page 9 

cash equal to two and a half (2.5) times the sum of (1) the greater of (i) your annual rate of base salary in effect on the Date of Termination or (ii) your annual rate of base salary in effect immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control and (2) the your target annual bonus in effect immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control 
 (C) if you hold an equity award which vested upon consummation of the Change of Control on a prorated basis, the Company shall pay you an amount equal to (1) the amount you would have received if such award had fully vested (or vested at target performance) upon the consummation of the Change of Control minus (2) the amount paid to you with respect to such award based on the prorated vesting (without taking into account any tax withholding) and 
 (D) for a thirty (30) month period after the Date of Termination (specifically including a Date of Termination that occurs after Shareholder Approval and prior to a Change in Control), the Company shall arrange to provide you, your spouse and your dependents with life, accident and health insurance benefits substantially similar to those which you were receiving immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control. Such benefits may take the form, at the Company's discretion, of the Company's payment of COBRA or other premiums for you, your spouse and your dependents continued coverage under the Company s group health plan and other insurance programs (if you, your spouse and your dependents are eligible for continuation coverage under the Company's group health plan and other insurance programs), payment of the premium for individual medical insurance policies and life and accident policies selected by you for you, your spouse and your dependents, or a combination of the foregoing. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not provide any benefit otherwise receivable by you pursuant to this subparagraph (C) to the extent that a similar benefit is actually received by you from a subsequent employer during such thirty (30) month period, and any such benefit actually received by you shall be reported to the Company. 
 (iv) The amount of any payment provided for in this Section 5 shall not be reduced, offset or subject to recovery by the Company by reason of any compensation earned by you as the result of employment by another employer after the Date of Termination, or otherwise. Your entitlements under Section 5(iii) are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any rights, benefits or entitlements you may have under the terms or provisions of any Plan. 
 6. Parachute Payments . Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement between the Company or Parent and you with respect to compensation or benefits (each an Other Arrangement ), in the event that the provisions of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any successor provisions (the Code ), would cause you to receive a greater after-tax benefit from the Capped Benefit (as defined below) than from the amounts (including the monetary value of any non-cash benefits) otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement or any Other Arrangement (the Specified Benefits ), the Capped Benefit shall be paid to you in lieu of the Specified Benefits. The Capped Benefit shall equal the Specified Benefits, reduced by the amount necessary to prevent any portion of the Specified Benefits from being a parachute payment as defined in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code. The Capped Benefit would therefore equal 2.99 multiplied by 

Page 10 

your applicable base amount as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code. For purposes of determining whether you would receive a greater after-tax benefit from the Capped Benefit than from the Specified Benefits, there shall be taken into account any excise tax that would be imposed under Section 4999 of the Code and all federal, state and local taxes required to be paid by you in respect of the receipt of such payments. The parties acknowledge that the application of Section 280G is uncertain in many respects and agree that the Company shall make all calculations and determinations under this section (including application and interpretation of the Code and related regulatory, administrative and judicial authorities) in good faith, which calculations and determinations shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Company shall provide you with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the Company s calculations of the Capped Benefit and to request which of the Specified Benefits shall be reduced. If, after payment of any amount under this Agreement or any Other Arrangement, it is determined that the calculation of the Capped Benefit was calculated incorrectly, the amount of the Capped Benefit will be adjusted, the Company shall pay to you any additional amount that should have been paid to you, and you shall repay to the Company any amount that should not have been paid to you, in each case with interest at the discount rate applicable under Section 280G(d)(4) of the Code. 
 7. Successors Binding Agreement . 
 (i) Upon your written request, the Company will seek to have any Successor (as hereinafter defined), by agreement in form and substance satisfactory to you, assent to the fulfillment by the Company of its obligations under this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, Successor shall mean any Person that succeeds to, or has the practical ability to control (either immediately or with the passage of time), the Company s business directly, by merger, consolidation or purchase of assets, or indirectly, by purchase of Parent s or the Company s Voting Securities or otherwise. 
 (ii) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by your personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. If you should die while any amount would still be payable to you hereunder if you had continued to live, all such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to your devisee, legatee or other designee or, if there be no such designee, to your estate. 
 8. Fees and Expenses . The Company shall pay to you all legal fees and related expenses incurred by you in good faith as a result of (i) your termination following the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or a Change in Control (including all such fees and expenses, if any, incurred in contesting or disputing in good faith any such termination) or (ii) your seeking to obtain or enforce in good faith any right or benefit provided by this Agreement. 
 9. Survival . The respective obligations of, and benefits afforded to, the Company and you as provided in Sections 5, 6, 7(ii), 8 and 13 of this Agreement shall survive termination of this Agreement, but only with respect to a Change in Control occurring during the term of this Agreement. 
 10. Notice . For the purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered or mailed by United States registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid and addressed to the address of the respective party set forth on the first page of this 

Page 11 

Agreement, provided that all notices to the Company shall be directed to the attention of the Chair of the Board or Chief Executive Officer of the Company, with a copy to the Secretary of the Company, or to such other address as either party may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith, except that notice of change of address shall be effective only upon receipt. 
 11. Miscellaneous . No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless such modification, waiver or discharge is agreed to in a writing signed by you and the Chair of the Board or Chief Executive Officer of the Company. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. No agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, express or implied, with respect to the subject matter hereof have been made by either party which are not expressly set forth in this Agreement. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Oregon. 
 12. Validity . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. 
 13. Arbitration . Any dispute or controversy arising under or in connection with this Agreement shall be settled exclusively by arbitration in Portland, Oregon by three arbitrators in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association then in effect. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrators award, which award shall be a final and binding determination of the dispute or controversy, in any court having jurisdiction provided, however, that you shall be entitled to seek specific performance of your right to be paid until the Date of Termination during the pendency of any dispute or controversy arising under or in connection with this Agreement. The Company shall bear all costs and expenses of the arbitrators arising in connection with any arbitration proceeding pursuant to this Section 13. 
 14. Related Agreements. To the extent that any provision of any other agreement between the Company or any of its subsidiaries and you shall limit, qualify or be inconsistent with any provision of this Agreement, then for purposes of this Agreement, while the same shall remain in force, the provision of this Agreement shall control and such provision of such other agreement shall be deemed to have been superseded, and to be of no force or effect, as if such other agreement had been formally amended to the extent necessary to accomplish such purpose. 
 15. Section 409A. 
 (i) The intent of the parties is that payments and benefits under this Agreement comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder Section 409A ), to the extent subject thereto, or otherwise be exempt from Section 409A, and accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be interpreted and administered to be exempt from or in compliance therewith. Each amount to be paid or benefit to be provided under this Agreement shall be construed as a separate and distinct payment for purposes of Section 409A. Without limiting the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, to the extent required to avoid accelerated taxation and or tax penalties under Section 409A 

Page 12 

(a) You shall not be considered to have terminated employment with the Company for purposes of any payments under this Agreement which are subject to Section 409A until you would be considered to have incurred a separation from service from the Company within the meaning of Section 409A 
 (b) Amounts that would otherwise be payable and benefits that would otherwise be provided pursuant to this Agreement or any other arrangement between you and the Company during the six (6) month period immediately following your separation from service shall instead be paid on the first business day after the date that is six (6) months following your separation from service (or, if earlier, your date of death) 
 (c) Omitted 
 (d) Any payment that will be in compliance with Section 409A only if payable upon a change in control event within the meaning Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) shall be made only in compliance with such regulation and 
 (e) If any severance amount payable under this Agreement or any other agreement that you may have a right or entitlement to as of the date of this Agreement constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A, then the portion of the benefits payable hereunder equal to such other amount shall instead be provided in the form set forth in this Agreement or such other agreement. 
 (ii) The Company makes no representation that any or all of the payments described in this Agreement will be exempt from or comply with Section 409A and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A from applying to any such payment. You understand and agree that you shall be solely responsible for the payment of any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses incurred by you on account of non-compliance with Section 409A. 
 16. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 

Page 13 

If this letter correctly sets forth our agreement on the subject matter hereof, kindly sign and return to the Company the enclosed copy of this letter which will then constitute our agreement on this subject. 
 Sincerely, 
 NORTHWEST NATURAL GAS COMPANY 

By 
 Melinda Rogers 
 VP, Chief HR and Diversity Officer 

Agreed to this ____ day 
 of ____________, 2023. 

David H. Anderson 

</EX-10.0>

<EX-10.BB>
 5
 ex10bbformofrestrictedstoc.htm
 EX-10.BB

Document 
 Exhibit 10bb 

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 This Agreement is entered into as of February __, 2023, between Northwest Natural Holding Company, an Oregon corporation (the Company ), and ____________ Recipient ). 
 On February 22, 2023, the Organization and Executive Compensation Committee (the Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board awarded restricted stock units to Recipient pursuant to Section 6 of the Company s Long Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ). Recipient desires to accept the award subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Grant of Restricted Stock Units Dividend Equivalents . 
 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby grants to the Recipient _________ restricted stock units (the RSUs ). The grant of RSUs obligates the Company, upon vesting in accordance with this Agreement, to deliver to the Recipient one share of Common Stock of the Company (a Share for each RSU. Upon vesting of each RSU, the Company also agrees to make a dividend equivalent cash payment with respect to each vested RSU in an amount equal to the total amount of dividends paid per share of Company Common Stock for which the dividend record dates occurred after the date of this Agreement and before the date of delivery of the underlying Shares. The RSUs are subject to forfeiture as set forth in Sections 2.1 and 2.10 below. 
 
 2. Vesting Forfeiture Restriction . 
 2.1 Vesting Schedule . 
 (a) All of the RSUs shall initially be unvested. Subject to Sections 2.3, 2.4, 2.5, 2.10 and 5.2, the RSUs shall vest as follows 
 (1) one-fourth of the RSUs shall vest on March 1, 2024 if the Performance Threshold (as defined in Section 2.2 below) is satisfied for 2023 
 (2) an additional one-fourth of the RSUs shall vest on March 1, 2025 if the Performance Threshold is satisfied for 2024 
 (3) an additional one-fourth of the RSUs shall vest on March 1, 2026 if the Performance Threshold is satisfied for 2025 and 
 (4) the final one-fourth of the RSUs shall vest on March 1, 2027 if the Performance Threshold is satisfied for 2026. 
 (b) If the Performance Threshold is not satisfied for any year set forth in (1), (2), (3) or (4) above, the RSUs that would have vested if the Performance Threshold had been satisfied for that year (the Performance Year shall be forfeited to the Company effective as of the last day of the Performance Year. For example, if the Performance Threshold is not satisfied for 2023, all RSUs that were scheduled to vest on March 1, 2024 shall be forfeited effective as of December 31, 2023. 
 (c) If a Change in Control (as defined in Section 2.6 below) occurs, the Performance Threshold shall be deemed to be satisfied for all Performance Years that were not completed 

prior to the Change in Control, with the effect that the RSUs outstanding at the time of the Change of Control shall vest upon completion of the applicable time periods in Section 2.1(a). 
 2.2 Performance Threshold . 
 (a) For purposes of this Agreement, the Performance Threshold for any year shall be satisfied if the ROE (as defined below) for that year is greater than the 5 Yr Avg Cost of LT Debt (as defined below) for that year. 
 (b) The ROE for any year shall be calculated by dividing the Company s Adjusted Net Income (as defined below) for the year by the Average Equity (as defined below) for the year. Subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 2.2(c) below, the Company s Adjusted Net Income for any year shall be equal to the Company s net income attributable to common shareholders for the year, as set forth in the audited consolidated statement of income of the Company and its subsidiaries for the year. Subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 2.2(c) below, Average Equity for any year shall mean the average of the Company s total common stock equity as of the last day of the year and the Company s total common stock equity as of the last day of the prior year, in each case as set forth on the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its subsidiaries as of the applicable date. 
 (c) The Committee may, at any time, approve adjustments to the calculation of ROE to take into account such unanticipated circumstances or significant, non-recurring or unplanned events as the Committee may determine in its sole discretion, and such adjustments may increase or decrease ROE. Possible circumstances that may be the basis for adjustments shall include, but not be limited to, any change in applicable accounting rules or principles any gain or loss on the disposition of a business impairment of assets dilution caused by Board approved business acquisition tax changes and tax impacts of other changes changes in applicable laws and regulations changes in rate case timing changes in the Company s structure and any other circumstances outside of management s control. 
 (d) The 5 Yr Avg Cost of LT Debt for any year shall mean the average of five numbers consisting of the Avg Cost of LT Debt (as defined below) for that year and for each of the four preceding years. The Avg Cost of LT Debt for any year shall be equal to the sum of the Weighted Costs (as defined below) calculated for each series or tranche of long-term debt of the Company outstanding on the last day of the year. The Weighted Cost for a series or tranche of long-term debt as of any date shall be calculated by multiplying the Effective Interest Rate (as defined below) on the debt as of that date by the outstanding principal balance of the debt on that date, and then dividing the resulting amount by the Company s total outstanding principal balance of long-term debt as of that date. The Effective Interest Rate for a series or tranche of long-term debt as of any date shall be the yield calculated based on the settlement date for the original issuance of the series or tranche, the maturity date of the series or tranche, the stated annual interest rate of the series or tranche in effect on that date, the number of interest payments per year under the terms of the series or tranche, the initial borrowing of an amount equal to the principal balance net of Debt Issuance Costs (as defined below) for the series or tranche, and the repayment of principal at maturity or otherwise according to the terms of the series or tranche. The Debt Issuance Costs for a series or tranche of long-term debt shall include the fees, commissions and expenses of issuance of such debt, any other purchase discount from the face amount of such debt, and any premiums, write-offs of unamortized debt issuance costs and other costs incurred in connection with retiring debt refinanced with the proceeds of such debt, all as reflected in the Company s accounting records. For purposes of this Section 2.2(d), the Company s long term debt and the interest rates and outstanding principal balances of the outstanding series or tranches of long-term debt as of any date shall be those amounts as set forth in the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries for the year ending on that date, and shall in all cases include the current portion of any long-term debt and exclude borrowings under a revolving credit facility. For the avoidance 
 2 

of doubt, the Effective Interest Rate for purposes of this Agreement of each series of fixed-rate long-term debt outstanding as of the date of this Agreement is set forth on Exhibit A hereto. 
 2.3 Effect of Retirement, Death, or Disability . 
 (a) If Recipient s employment by the Company or any parent or subsidiary of the Company (the Employer terminates because of Retirement (as defined below), death or physical disability (within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder Code and a Change in Control has not previously occurred, all outstanding RSUs shall remain outstanding and subject to potential future vesting upon satisfaction of the Performance Threshold for the applicable years. 
 (b) If Recipient s employment by the Employer terminates because of Retirement, death or physical disability and a Change in Control subsequently occurs, all outstanding RSUs shall immediately vest. If a Change in Control occurs and Recipient s employment by the Employer subsequently terminates because of Retirement, death or physical disability, all outstanding RSUs shall immediately vest. 
 (c) The term Retirement means termination of employment (1) on or after the first anniversary of the date of this Agreement, and (2) after the Recipient is (i) age 62 with at least five years of service as an employee of the Company or a parent or subsidiary of the Company, or (ii) age 55 with age plus years of service (including fractions) as an employee of the Company or a parent or subsidiary of the Company totaling at least 70 provided, however, that a termination of Recipient s employment by the Employer for Cause (as defined in Section 2.8 below) shall not constitute a Retirement. 
 2.4 CIC Acceleration if Party to a Severance Agreement . If Recipient is a party to a Change in Control Severance Agreement with the Company or a parent or subsidiary of the Company, all outstanding RSUs shall immediately vest if Recipient becomes entitled to a Change in Control Severance Benefit (as defined below). A Change in Control Severance Benefit means the severance benefit provided for in Recipient s Change in Control Severance Agreement with the Company or a parent or subsidiary of the Company provided, however, that such severance benefit is a Change in Control Severance Benefit for purposes of this Agreement only if, under the terms of Recipient s Change in Control Severance Agreement, Recipient becomes entitled to the severance benefit (a) after a change in control of the Company has occurred, (b) because Recipient s employment with the Employer has been terminated by Recipient for good reason in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Change in Control Severance Agreement or by the Employer other than for cause, and (c) because Recipient has satisfied any other conditions or requirements specified in the Change in Control Severance Agreement and necessary for Recipient to become entitled to receive the severance benefit. For purposes of this Section 2.4, the terms change in control, good reason, cause and disability shall have the meanings set forth in Recipient s Change in Control Severance Agreement. 
 2.5 CIC Acceleration if Not a Party to a Severance Agreement . If Recipient is not a party to a Change in Control Severance Agreement with the Company or a parent or subsidiary of the Company, all outstanding RSUs shall immediately vest if a Change in Control (as defined in Section 2.6 below) occurs and at any time after the earlier of Shareholder Approval (as defined in Section 2.7 below), if any, or the Change in Control and on or before the second anniversary of the Change in Control, (a) Recipient s employment is terminated by the Employer (or its successor) without Cause (as defined in Section 2.8 below), or (b) Recipient s employment is terminated by Recipient for Good Reason (as defined in Section 2.9 below). 
 3 

2.6 Change in Control . For purposes of this Agreement, a Change in Control of the Company shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events 
 (a) The consummation of 
 (1) any consolidation, merger or plan of share exchange involving the Company (a Merger as a result of which the holders of outstanding securities of the Company ordinarily having the right to vote for the election of directors Voting Securities immediately prior to the Merger do not continue to hold at least 50 of the combined voting power of the outstanding Voting Securities of the surviving corporation or a parent corporation of the surviving corporation immediately after the Merger, disregarding any Voting Securities issued to or retained by such holders in respect of securities of any other party to the Merger or 
 (2) any consolidation, merger, plan of share exchange or other transaction involving Northwest Natural Gas Company NW Natural as a result of which the Company does not continue to hold, directly or indirectly, at least 50 of the outstanding securities of NW Natural ordinarily having the right to vote for the election of directors or 
 (3) any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all, or substantially all, the assets of the Company or NW Natural 
 (b) At any time during a period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the Board Incumbent Directors shall cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof provided, however, that the term Incumbent Director shall also include each new director elected during such two-year period whose nomination or election was approved by two-thirds of the Incumbent Directors then in office or 
 (c)Any person (as such term is used in Section 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, other than the Company or any employee benefit plan sponsored by the Company or NW Natural) shall, as a result of a tender or exchange offer, open market purchases or privately negotiated purchases from anyone other than the Company, have become the beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), directly or indirectly, of Voting Securities representing twenty percent (20 or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding Voting Securities, but disregarding any Voting Securities with respect to which that acquirer has filed SEC Schedule 13G indicating that the Voting Securities were not acquired and are not held for the purpose of or with the effect of changing or influencing, directly or indirectly, the Company s management or policies, unless and until that entity or person files SEC Schedule 13D, at which point this exception will not apply to such Voting Securities, including those previously subject to a SEC Schedule 13G filing. 
 2.7 Shareholder Approval . For purposes of this Agreement, Shareholder Approval shall be deemed to have occurred if the shareholders of the Company approve an agreement entered into by the Company, the consummation of which would result in the occurrence of a Change in Control. 
 2.8 Cause . For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean (a) the willful and continued failure by Recipient to perform substantially Recipient s assigned duties with the Employer (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness) after a demand for substantial performance is delivered to Recipient by the Employer which specifically identifies the manner in which Recipient has not substantially performed such duties, (b) willful commission by Recipient of an act of fraud or dishonesty resulting in economic or financial injury to the Company or Employer, (c) willful misconduct by Recipient that substantially impairs the business or reputation of the Company or Employer, or (d) willful gross negligence by Recipient in the performance of his or her duties. 
 4 

2.9 Good Reason . For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean the occurrence after Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control, of any of the following circumstances, but only if (x) Recipient gives notice to Employer of Recipient s intent to terminate employment for Good Reason within 30 days after the later of (1) notice to Recipient of such circumstances, or (2) the Change in Control, and (y) such circumstances are not fully corrected by the Employer within 90 days after Recipient s notice 
 (a) the assignment to Recipient of a different title, job or responsibilities that results in a decrease in the level of Recipient s responsibility provided that Good Reason shall not exist if Recipient continues to have the same or a greater general level of responsibility for the former Employer operations after the Change in Control as Recipient had prior to the Change in Control even though such responsibilities have necessarily changed due to the former Employer operations becoming a subsidiary or division of the surviving company 
 (b) a reduction by the Employer in Recipient s base salary as in effect immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control 
 (c) the failure by Employer to continue in effect any employee benefit or incentive plan in which Recipient is participating immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control (or plans providing Recipient with at least substantially similar benefits) other than as a result of the normal expiration of any such plan in accordance with its terms as in effect immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control, or the taking of any action, or the failure to act, by Employer which would adversely affect Recipient s continued participation in any of such plans on at least as favorable a basis to Recipient as is the case immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control or which would materially reduce Recipient s benefits in the future under any of such plans or deprive Recipient of any material benefit enjoyed by Recipient immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control 
 (d) the failure by the Employer to provide and credit Recipient with the number of paid vacation days to which Recipient is then entitled in accordance with the Employer s normal vacation policy as in effect immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control or 
 (e) the Employer s requiring Recipient to be based more than 25 miles from where Recipient s office is located immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control except for required travel on the Employer s business to an extent substantially consistent with the business travel obligations which Recipient undertook on behalf of the Employer prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control. 
 2.10 Forfeiture Possible Restoration . If Recipient ceases to be employed by the Employer for any reason or for no reason, with or without cause, other than because of Retirement, death or physical disability (within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code), any RSUs that did not vest pursuant to this Section 2 or Section 5.2 at or prior to the time of such termination of employment shall be forfeited to the Company provided, however, that if Recipient s employment is terminated by the Employer without Cause or by the Recipient for Good Reason after Shareholder Approval but before a Change in Control, any RSUs that are forfeited under this sentence shall be restored to the Recipient and vested if a Change in Control subsequently occurs within two years. 

5 

3. Certification and Delivery . 
 As soon as practicable following the completion of each Performance Year, the Company shall calculate the ROE and the 5 Yr Avg Cost of LT Debt for that Performance Year, and shall submit those calculations to the Committee. At or prior to the regularly scheduled meeting of the Committee held in February of the year immediately following each Performance Year (each, a Certification Meeting ), the Committee shall certify in writing (which may consist of approved minutes of the meeting) whether or not the Performance Threshold was satisfied for that Performance Year. Unless otherwise required under this Agreement as a result of the occurrence of a Change in Control, no amounts shall be delivered or paid unless the Committee certifies that the Performance Threshold has been satisfied for the applicable Performance Year. Subject to applicable tax withholding, on a date (a Payment Date that is on or as soon as practicable after the date any of the RSUs become vested or, if later, five business days following the Certification Meeting relating to those RSUs, the Company shall deliver to Recipient (a) the number of Shares underlying the RSUs that vested (rounded down to the nearest whole share), and (b) the dividend equivalent cash payment determined under Section 1 with respect to the number of Shares that are delivered provided, however, that if accelerated vesting of the RSUs occurs pursuant to Section 2.3(b) as a result of Recipient s Retirement after a Change in Control has previously occurred, the Payment Date shall be payable upon Recipient s separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code). Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 3, if Recipient shall have made a valid election to defer receipt of the Shares and dividend equivalent cash payment pursuant to the terms of Northwest Natural s Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors and Executives (the DCP ), payment of RSUs that vest shall be made in accordance with that election. 
 4. Tax Withholding . 
 4.1 Recipient acknowledges that, on any Payment Date when Shares are delivered to Recipient, the Value (as defined below) on that date of the Shares so delivered (as well as the amount of the related dividend equivalent cash payment) will be treated as ordinary compensation income for federal and state income and FICA tax purposes, and that the Employer will be required to withhold taxes on these income amounts. To satisfy the required withholding amount, the Employer shall first withhold all or part of the dividend equivalent cash payment, and if that is insufficient, the Employer shall withhold the number of Shares having a Value equal to the remaining withholding amount. For purposes of this Section 4, the Value of a Share shall be equal to the closing market price for Company Common Stock on the last trading day preceding the date on which the Share is treated for federal income tax purposes as transferred to Recipient. 
 4.2 If the Employer is required to withhold FICA taxes with respect to the RSUs prior to the time the shares underlying the RSU otherwise become payable, Recipient shall, immediately upon notification of the amount due, pay to the Company in cash or by check amounts necessary to satisfy applicable FICA withholding requirements. If Recipient fails to pay the amount demanded, the Company may withhold that amount from other amounts payable to Recipient, including salary, subject to applicable law. Alternatively, the Employer may, in its sole discretion, choose to treat the FICA withholding as a loan to Recipient on terms determined by the Employer and communicated to Recipient. 
 4.3 Notwithstanding Section 4.1., Recipient may elect not to have Shares withheld to cover taxes by giving notice to the Company in writing prior to the Payment Date, in which case the Shares shall be issued or acquired in Recipient s name on the Payment Date thereby triggering the tax consequences, but the Company shall retain the certificate for the Shares as security until Recipient shall have paid to the Company in cash any required tax withholding not covered by withholding of the dividend equivalent cash payment. 
 6 

5. Sale of the Company . 
 If there shall occur a merger, consolidation or plan of exchange involving the Company pursuant to which the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company are converted into cash or other stock, securities or property, or a sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all, or substantially all, the assets of the Company, then either 
 5.1 the unvested RSUs shall be converted into restricted stock units for stock of the surviving or acquiring corporation in the applicable transaction, using the exchange rate, if any, used in determining shares of the surviving corporation to be held by the former holders of the Company s Common Stock following the applicable transaction, or, if there was no exchange rate, taking into account the relative values of the companies involved in the applicable transaction, and disregarding fractional shares with the amount and type of shares subject thereto to be conclusively determined by the Committee 
 5.2 the unvested RSUs shall be converted into a cash payment obligation of the surviving or acquiring corporation in an amount equal to the proceeds a holder of the underlying shares would have received in proceeds from such transaction with respect to those shares, plus the related dividend equivalent cash payment with respect to the underlying Shares or 
 5.3 all of the unvested RSUs shall immediately vest and the underlying Shares and related dividend equivalent cash payment shall be delivered simultaneously with the closing of the applicable transaction such that Recipient will participate as a shareholder in receiving proceeds from such transaction with respect to those Shares. 
 6. Changes in Capital Structure . 
 If, prior to the full vesting of all of the RSUs granted under this Agreement, the outstanding Common Stock of the Company is increased or decreased or changed into or exchanged for a different number or kind of shares or other securities of the Company by reason of any stock split, combination of shares or dividend payable in shares, recapitalization or reclassification, appropriate adjustment shall be made by the Committee in the number and kind of shares subject to the unvested RSUs so that Recipient s proportionate interest before and after the occurrence of the event is maintained. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee shall have no obligation to effect any adjustment that would or might result in the issuance of fractional shares, and any fractional shares resulting from any adjustment may be disregarded or provided for in any manner determined by the Committee. Any such adjustments made by the Committee shall be conclusive. 
 7. Recoupment On Misconduct . 
 7.1 If at any time before a Change in Control and within three years after any date on which any RSUs vested, (a) the Company s financial statements for the corresponding Performance Year are the subject of a restatement due to the Misconduct (as defined below) of any person (whether or not Recipient was personally involved in such Misconduct), and (b) based on the Company s financial statements as restated, the Performance Threshold was not satisfied for that Performance Year, then Recipient shall repay to the Company the Shares (the Excess Shares and dividend equivalent cash payment (the Excess Dividends that vested under this Agreement on that vesting date. If any Excess Shares are sold by Recipient prior to the Company s demand for repayment (including any shares withheld for taxes under Section 4 of this Agreement), Recipient shall repay to the Company 100 of the proceeds of such sale or sales. The Committee may, in its sole discretion, reduce the amount to be repaid by Recipient to take into account the tax consequences of such repayment for Recipient. 
 7 

7.2 If the Committee determines that Recipient engaged in any Misconduct after the date of this Agreement and prior to a sale of any of the Shares (the Tainted Shares ), and this determination is made before a Change in Control and within three years after the vesting of the Tainted Shares, Recipient shall repay to the Company the Excess Proceeds (as defined below). The Committee may, in its sole discretion, reduce the amount of Excess Proceeds to be repaid by Recipient to take into account the tax consequences of such repayment or any other factors. The return of Excess Proceeds is in addition to and separate from any other relief available to the Company due to Recipient s Misconduct. 
 7.3 Misconduct shall mean (a) willful commission of an act of fraud or dishonesty resulting in economic or financial injury to the Company, (b) willful misconduct that substantially impairs the Company s business or reputation, or (c) willful gross negligence in the performance of the person s duties provided, however, that such acts shall only constitute Misconduct if the Committee determines that such acts contributed to an obligation to restate the Company s financial statements for any quarter or year or otherwise had (or will have when publicly disclosed) an adverse impact on the market price of the Company Common Stock. 
 7.4 Excess Proceeds shall mean the excess of (a) the actual aggregate sales proceeds from Recipient s sales of Tainted Shares, over (b) the aggregate sales proceeds Recipient would have received from sales of Tainted Shares at a price per share determined appropriate by the Committee in its discretion to reflect what the market price of the Company Common Stock would have been if the restatement had occurred or other Misconduct had been disclosed prior to such sales. 
 7.5 If any portion of the Excess Shares and Excess Dividends was deferred under the DCP, that portion shall be recovered by canceling the amounts so deferred under the DCP and any dividends or other earnings credited under the DCP with respect to such cancelled amounts. The Company may seek direct repayment from Recipient of any Excess Shares, Excess Dividends and Excess Proceeds not so recovered and may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, offset such amounts against any compensation or other amounts owed by the Company to Recipient. In particular, such amounts may be recovered by offset against the after-tax proceeds of deferred compensation payouts under the DCP, Northwest Natural s Executive Supplemental Retirement Income Plan or Northwest Natural s Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan at the times such deferred compensation payouts occur under the terms of those plans. Amounts that remain unpaid for more than 60 days after demand by the Company shall accrue interest at the rate used from time to time for crediting interest under the DCP. 
 7.6 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if after the date of this Agreement the Company adopts a claw-back or similar policy, that policy as in effect at time the malfeasance is discovered by the Company triggering a claw-back shall supersede Sections 7.1 through 7.5 and shall be binding on Recipient. 
 8. Approvals . 
 The obligations of the Company under this Agreement are subject to the approval of state and federal authorities or agencies with jurisdiction in the matter. The Company will use its best efforts to take steps required by state or federal law or applicable regulations, including rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and any stock exchange on which the Company s shares may then be listed, in connection with the award under this Agreement. The foregoing notwithstanding, the Company shall not be obligated to issue or deliver Common Stock under this Agreement if such issuance or delivery would violate applicable state or federal law. 

8 

9. No Right to Employment . 
 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall confer upon Recipient any right to be employed by the Employer or to continue to provide services to the Employer or to interfere in any way with the right of the Employer to terminate Recipient s services at any time for any reason, with or without cause. 
 10. Miscellaneous . 
 10.1 Entire Agreement Amendment . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with regard to the subjects hereof and may be amended only by written agreement between the Company and Recipient. 
 10.2 Notices . Any notice required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally to the party to whom it is addressed or when deposited into the United States Mail as registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the Company, Attention Corporate Secretary, at its 250 SW Taylor Street, Portland, Oregon 97204 or to Employer, Attention Corporate Secretary, at its principal executive offices, or to Recipient at the address of Recipient in the Company s records, or at such other address as such party may designate by ten (10) days advance written notice to the other party. 
 10.3 Assignment Rights and Benefits . Recipient shall not assign this Agreement or any rights hereunder to any other party or parties without the prior written consent of the Company. The rights and benefits of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Company s successors and assigns and, subject to the foregoing restriction on assignment, be binding upon Recipient s heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. 
 10.4 Further Action . The parties agree to execute such further instruments and to take such further action as may reasonably be necessary to carry out the intent of this Agreement. 
 10.5 Applicable Law Attorneys Fees . The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Oregon. In the event either party institutes litigation hereunder, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable attorneys fees to be set by the trial court and, upon any appeal, the appellate court. 
 10.6 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original. 
 11. Section 409A . 
 11.1 The intent of the parties is that payments and benefits under this Agreement comply with Section 409A of the Code Section 409A ), to the extent subject thereto, or otherwise be exempt from Section 409A, and accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be interpreted and administered to be exempt from or in compliance therewith. Each amount to be paid or benefit to be provided under this Agreement shall be construed as a separate and distinct payment for purposes of Section 409A. Without limiting the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, to the extent required to avoid accelerated taxation and or tax penalties under Section 409A 
 (a) Recipient shall not be considered to have terminated employment with the Company for purposes of any payments under this Agreement which are subject to Section 409A until Recipient would be considered to have incurred a separation from service from the Company within the meaning of Section 409A 
 9 

(b) Amounts that would otherwise be payable and benefits that would otherwise be provided pursuant to this Agreement or any other arrangement between Recipient and the Company during the six (6) month period immediately following Recipient s separation from service shall instead be paid on the first business day after the date that is six (6) months following Recipient s separation from service (or, if earlier, Recipient s date of death) 
 (c) Any payment that will be in compliance with Section 409A only if payable under designations permitted by Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-3(c), or only if payable upon termination of a deferred compensation plan pursuant to Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-3(j)(iv), shall be made only in compliance with such regulations 
 (d) Any payment that will be in compliance with Section 409A only if payable upon a change in control event within the meaning Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) shall be made only in compliance with such regulation and 
 (e) If any severance amount payable under any other agreement that Recipient may have a right or entitlement to as of the date of this Agreement constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A, then the portion of the benefits payable hereunder equal to such other amount shall instead be provided in the form set forth in such other agreement. 
 11.2 The Company makes no representation that any or all of the payments described in this Agreement will be exempt from or comply with Section 409A and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A from applying to any such payment. Recipient understands and agrees that Recipient shall be solely responsible for the payment of any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses incurred by Recipient on account of non-compliance with Section 409A. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 
 NORTHWEST NATURAL HOLDING COMPANY By 
 Title 
 RECIPIENT 

10 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 EFFECTIVE INTEREST RATES OF OUTSTANDING LONG-TERM DEBT 
 
 The outstanding series or tranches of long-term debt of the Company outstanding as of the date of this Agreement and the Effective Interest Rate of each such series or tranche are as follows 
 
 Series Effective Interest Rate 
 NW Natural Gas Company (Corp 5000) 
 3.542 Series due 2023 
 
 3.696 
 5.620 Series due 2023 6.360 7.720 Series due 2025 8.336 6.520 Series due 2025 6.589 7.050 Series due 2026 7.121 3.211 Series due 2026 3.383 7.000 Series due 2027 7.062 6.650 Series due 2027 6.714 2.822 Series due 2027 2.966 6.650 Series due 2028 6.727 3.141 Series due 2029 3.275 7.740 Series due 2030 8.433 7.850 Series due 2030 8.551 5.820 Series due 2032 5.913 5.660 Series due 2033 5.723 5.250 Series due 2035 5.316 4.000 Series due 2042 4.062 4.136 Series due 2046 4.226 
 11 

3.685 Series due 2047 3.754 4.110 Series due 2048 4.145 3.869 Series due 2049 3.938 3.600 Series due 2050 3.690 3.078 Series due 2051 3.135 4.780 Series due 2052 4.806 NW Natural Water Company, LLC (Corp 6000) 
 2.940 weighted rate Notes 
 
 2.940 
 SOFR Loan due 2024 4.267 LIBOR Loan due 2026 2.556 NW Natural Holding Company (Corp 1000) 
 SOFR Loan due 2024 
 
 4.229 

12 

</EX-10.BB>

<EX-10.M>
 6
 ex10mexecutiveannualincent.htm
 EX-10.M

Document 
 Exhibit 10m 

 As amended 
 effective February 23, 2023 

NORTHWEST NATURAL GAS COMPANY 
 EXECUTIVE ANNUAL INCENTIVE PLAN 

This amended Executive Annual Incentive Plan (the Plan is executed by Northwest Natural Gas Company, an Oregon corporation (the Company ), effective February 23, 2023. Effective October 1, 2018, the Company became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Northwest Natural Holding Company Parent and holders of Company common stock became holders of Parent common stock Parent Common Stock ). 
 
 PURPOSE OF PLAN 
 
 The success of the Company is dependent upon its ability to attract and retain the services of key executives of the highest competence and to provide incentives for superior performance. The purpose of the plan is to advance the interests of the Company and its stakeholders through an incentive compensation program that will attract and retain key executives and motivate them to achieve performance goals. 
 
 PROGRAM TERM 
 
 This Plan is an annual incentive plan and each new calendar year commences a new Program Term. Each Program Term will begin on January 1 and conclude on December 31. 
 
 PARTICIPATION 
 
 All executive officers of the company and any other highly compensated employees as designated by the Company s Organization and Executive Compensation Committee (the Committee are eligible to receive awards Awards under the Executive Annual Incentive Plan. 
 
 At the beginning of each Program Term, the Committee shall determine eligibility for Awards and establish for each participant, the target incentive level as a percentage of year-end annualized based salary Target Award ). This information will be set forth in Exhibit I of the Plan document for the Program Term. Each such participating employee shall be referred to as a Participant. 
 
 To be eligible for payout of an Award the Participant must have a minimum of three months of service during the Program Term. If the Participant is a new employee or is newly eligible to participate in the Plan, that Participant must be in an eligible position on or before September 30 of the Program Term and will receive a prorated Award. In addition, the Participant must be employed by the Company or Parent on December 31 of the Program Term to be eligible for payout of the Award for the Program Term unless the Participant is eligible for a prorated Award as provided in the next sentence. Eligibility for a prorated Award occurs when a Participant has three or more months of participation in the Program Term but the Participant s employment is terminated prior to December 31 of the Program Term due to one of the following Retirement (unless such Retirement results from a termination of the Participant s employment by the Company or Parent for Cause), disability and death. Prorated Awards will be determined by prorating the Participant s final Award by the number of days employed during the Program Term. 

If a Participant is a party to a Change in Control Severance Agreement with the Company or a parent or subsidiary of the Company, and Participant becomes entitled to a Change in Control Severance Benefit (as defined below) before the end of the Program Term, then within ten days after the Participant s termination of employment such Participant will be paid a prorated Award equal to such person s Target Award multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days during the Program Term they were employed by the Employer (as defined below) and the denominator of which is 365. A Change in Control Severance Benefit means the severance benefit provided for in Participant s Change in Control Severance Agreement with the Company or a parent or subsidiary of the Company provided, however, that such severance benefit is a Change in Control Severance Benefit for purposes of this Agreement only if, under the terms of Participant s Change in Control Severance Agreement, Participant becomes entitled to the severance benefit (a) after a change in control of the Company has occurred, (b) because Participant s employment with the Company or a parent or subsidiary of the Company Employer has been terminated by Participant for good reason in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Change in Control Severance Agreement or by Employer other than for cause, and (c) because Participant has satisfied any other conditions or requirements specified in the Change in Control Severance Agreement and necessary for Participant to become entitled to receive the severance benefit. For purposes of this paragraph, the terms change in control, good reason, cause and disability shall have the meanings set forth in Participant s Change in Control Severance Agreement. 
 
 For a Participant who is not a party to a Change in Control Severance Agreement with Employer, if a Change of Control occurs during the Program Term and (a) Participant s employment is terminated by Employer (or its successor) without Cause (as defined below) prior to the end of the Program Term, or (b) Participant s employment is terminated by Participant for Good Reason (as defined below) prior to the end of the Program Term, then within ten days after the Participant s termination of employment such Participant will be paid a prorated Award equal to such person s Target Award multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days during the Program Term they were employed by Employer and the denominator of which is 365. 
 
 If a Change of Control occurs during the Program Term and a Participant remains employed by Employer through the end of the Program Term, such a Participant will receive a payout equal to their Target Award. 
 
 Retirement shall mean termination of employment after Participant is (a) age 62 with at least five years of service as an employee of the Company and Parent, or (b) age 55 with age plus years of service (including fractions) as an employee of the Company and Parent totaling at least 70. 
 
 Cause shall mean (a) the willful and continued failure by a Participant to perform substantially the Participant s assigned duties with the Company or Parent (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness) after a demand for substantial performance is delivered to the Participant by the Company or Parent which specifically identifies the manner in which the Participant has not substantially performed such duties, (b) willful commission by a Participant of an act of fraud or dishonesty resulting in economic or financial injury to the Company or Parent, (c) willful misconduct by a Participant that substantially impairs the Company s or Parent s business or reputation, or (d) willful gross negligence by a Participant in the performance of his or her duties. 
 
 Good Reason shall mean the occurrence after Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control, of any of the following circumstances, but only if (x) Participant gives notice to Employer of Participant s intent to terminate employment for Good Reason within 30 days after the later of (1) notice to Participant of such circumstances, or (2) the Change in Control, and 
 2 

(y) such circumstances are not fully corrected by the Employer within 90 days after Participant s notice 
 (a) the assignment to Participant of a different title, job or responsibilities that results in a decrease in the level of Participant s responsibility provided that Good Reason shall not exist if Participant continues to have the same or a greater general level of responsibility for the former Employer operations after the Change in Control as Participant had prior to the Change in Control even though such responsibilities have necessarily changed due to the former Employer operations becoming a subsidiary or division of the surviving company 
 (b) a reduction by the Employer in Participant s base salary as in effect immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control 
 (c) the failure by Employer to continue in effect any employee benefit or incentive plan in which Participant is participating immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control (or plans providing Participant with at least substantially similar benefits) other than as a result of the normal expiration of any such plan in accordance with its terms as in effect immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control, or the taking of any action, or the failure to act, by Employer which would adversely affect Participant s continued participation in any of such plans on at least as favorable a basis to Participant as is the case immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control or which would materially reduce Participant s benefits in the future under any of such plans or deprive Participant of any material benefit enjoyed by Participant immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control 
 (d) the failure by the Employer to provide and credit Participant with the number of paid vacation days to which Participant is then entitled in accordance with the Employer s normal vacation policy as in effect immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control or 
 (e) the Employer s requiring Participant to be based more than 25 miles from where Participant s office is located immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control except for required travel on the Employer s business to an extent substantially consistent with the business travel obligations which Participant undertook on behalf of the Employer prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control. 
 Shareholder Approval shall be deemed to have occurred if the shareholders of Parent approve an agreement entered into by Parent, the consummation of which would result in the occurrence of a Change in Control. 
 
 In the event of a change in job position during the Program Term, the Committee may, in its discretion, increase or decrease the amount of a Participant s Award to reflect such change. 
 
 INCENTIVE FORMULA 
 
 The formula for calculating Awards for each Program Term is as follows 
 
 3 

COMPANY PERFORMANCE FACTOR 
 
 The Company performance goals in the Plan are intended to align the interest of Participants with those of the shareholders. The goals and the formula for determining the Company Performance Factor will be established by the Committee at the start of each Program Term and set forth as Exhibit II. The Committee may, at any time, approve adjustments to the calculation of the results under any Company performance goal to take into account such unanticipated circumstances or significant, non-recurring or unplanned events as the Committee may determine in its sole discretion, and such adjustments may increase or decrease the results. Possible circumstances that may be the basis for adjustments shall include, but not be limited to, any change in applicable accounting rules or principles any gain or loss on the disposition of a business impairment of assets dilution caused by acquiring a business tax changes and tax impacts of other changes changes in applicable laws and regulations changes in rate case timing changes in the Company s structure and any other circumstances outside of management s control. 
 
 PRIORITY INDIVIDUAL PERFORMANCE FACTOR 
 
 The P IPF weight used in calculating the Priority Individual Performance Factor will be established for each Participant by the Committee at the beginning of the Program Term and set forth as part of Exhibit I. Also included in Exhibit I will be the CPF Factor Weight for the Company Performance Factor. Priority Individual goals for each Participant will be established at the beginning of each Program Term and performance against these goals will be assessed by the Participant s superior and approved by the C.E.O. at the end of the Program Term. This assessment will result in a rating on a scale of 0 to 175 . This rating is called the Priority Individual Performance Factor. The Participant will not receive a payout under the Priority Individual Performance component of an Award if the Priority Individual Performance Factor is less than 50 . 
 
 ADMINISTRATION 
 
 Award payouts will be calculated and paid no later than the March 15 following the end of the Program Term. Award payouts are subject to tax withholding unless the Participant made a prior election to defer the Award payout under the terms of the Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors and Executives DCP ). 
 
 All Award payouts shall be audited by the Internal Audit department and approved by the Committee prior to payment. 
 
 The Plan shall be administered by the Committee. The Committee shall have the exclusive authority and responsibility for all matters in connection with the operation and administration of the Plan. Decisions by the Committee shall be final and binding upon all parties affected by the Plan, including the beneficiaries of Participants. 
 
 The Committee may rely on information and recommendations provided by management. The Committee may delegate to management the responsibility for decisions that it may make or actions that it may take under the terms of the Plan, subject to the Committee s reserved right to 
 4 

review such decisions or actions and modify them when necessary or appropriate under the circumstances. The Committee shall not allow any employee to obtain control over decisions or actions that affect that employee s Plan benefits. 
 
 RECOUPMENT ON EARNINGS RESTATEMENT 
 
 If at any time before a Change in Control and within three years after the payout of Awards for a Program Term, Parent s financial statements for that Program Term are the subject of a restatement due to the Misconduct of any person, each Participant who received an Award payout for that Program Term (whether or not such Participant was personally involved in such Misconduct) shall repay to the Company the Excess Bonus Compensation (as defined below). For purposes of the Plan, Excess Bonus Compensation for any Participant means the positive difference, if any, between (i) the Participant s Award payout as originally calculated, and (ii) the Participant s Award payout as recalculated with the results for Company performance goals being based on Parent s financial statements as restated. Excess Bonus Compensation shall not include any amounts in respect of any individual performance goals or in respect of Company performance goals that are not measured in whole or in part on financial results reported in Parent s financial statements. The Committee may, in its sole discretion, reduce the amount of Excess Bonus Compensation to be repaid by any Participant to take into account the tax consequences of such repayment for the Participant. 
 
 If any portion of an Award payout was deferred under the DCP, any Excess Bonus Compensation to be repaid with respect to that Award shall first be recovered by canceling all or a portion of the amount so deferred under the DCP and any interest credited under the DCP with respect to such cancelled amount. The Company may seek direct repayment from the Participant of any Excess Bonus Compensation not so recovered and may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, offset such Excess Bonus Compensation against any compensation or other amounts owed by the Company to the Participant. In particular, Excess Bonus Compensation may be recovered by offset against the after-tax proceeds of deferred compensation payouts under the DCP, the Company s Executive Supplemental Retirement Income Plan or the Company s Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan at the times such deferred compensation payouts occur under the terms of those plans. Excess Bonus Compensation that remains unpaid for more than 60 days after demand by the Company shall accrue interest at the rate used from time to time for crediting interest under the DCP. 
 
 Misconduct shall mean (a) willful commission by any person of an act of fraud or dishonesty or (b) willful gross negligence by any person in the performance of his or her duties. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if after the date of this Plan the Company adopts a claw-back or similar policy, that policy as in effect at time the malfeasance is discovered by the Company triggering a claw-back shall supersede the foregoing Recoupment on Earnings Restatement provisions and shall be binding on Participants. 
 Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events 
 (a) The consummation of 
 (i) any consolidation, merger or plan of share exchange involving Parent (a Merger as a result of which the holders of outstanding securities of Parent ordinarily having the right to vote for the election of directors Voting Securities immediately prior to the Merger do not continue to hold at least 50 of the combined voting power of the outstanding Voting Securities of the surviving corporation or a parent corporation of the surviving corporation immediately after the Merger, disregarding any Voting Securities issued to or retained by such holders in respect of securities of any other party to the Merger 
 5 

(ii) any consolidation, merger, plan of share exchange or other transaction involving the Company as a result of which Parent does not continue to hold, directly or indirectly. at least 50 of the outstanding securities of the Company ordinarily having the right to vote for the election of directors or 
 (iii) any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all, or substantially all, the assets of Parent or the Company 
 (b) At any time during a period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted Parent s Board of Directors Incumbent Directors shall cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof provided, however, that the term Incumbent Director shall also include each new director elected during such two-year period whose nomination or election was approved by two-thirds of the Incumbent Directors then in office or 
 (c) Any person (as such term is used in Section 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, other than Parent or any employee benefit plan sponsored by Parent) shall, as a result of a tender or exchange offer, open market purchases or privately negotiated purchases from anyone other than Parent, have become the beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), directly or indirectly, of Voting Securities representing twenty percent (20 or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding Voting Securities, but disregarding any Voting Securities with respect to which that acquirer has filed SEC Schedule 13G indicating that the Voting Securities were not acquired and are not held for the purpose of or with the effect of changing or influencing, directly or indirectly, the Company s management or policies, unless and until that entity or person files SEC Schedule 13D, at which point this exception will not apply to such Voting Securities, including those previously subject to a SEC Schedule 13G filing. 
 AMENDMENTS AND TERMINATION 
 
 The Board has the power to terminate this Plan at any time or to amend this Plan at any time and in any manner that it may deem advisable. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF this Plan was duly amended effective as of February 23, 2023. 

NORTHWEST NATURAL GAS COMPANY 
 
 By 
 David H. Anderson 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

6 

Exhibit I 
 Effective January 1, 2023 

Participants, Target Awards and Individual Performance 
 Program Term January 1, 2023 December 31, 2023 

7 

Exhibit II 
 
 Company Performance Factor 
 Program Term January 1, 2023 December 31, 2023 
 Company Performance Factor Formula 

Net Income Component 
 
 The Net Income (NI) Component will be determined using the formula in Note 1 below using Holding Company consolidated NI results. The table shows values rounded. 
 
 2023 NI Results NI Performance Component 
 0 
 50 
 100 
 175 
 
 Notes on NI Component 
 1) Values between those shown above will be interpolated using the formula shown below 
 Regression Interpolation Line for NI between ___ and ___ is y ___x ___and line for NI between ___ and ___ is y ___x ___ where X is the NI results for the year. 
 
 2) Final NI Numberwill be rounded to two places to the right of the decimal. This will be the same number as reported to shareholders before any approved exceptions. 
 
 8 

Operations Component 
 The Operations Component (which aligns with NBU incentive goals) for 2023 will be determined using the following formula and table 

Notes on Operations Goals 
 1) Goal ratings will be interpolated between amounts shown. 
 2) The Goal Performance Rating for each goal is limited to 200 . 
 3) The Operations Component is limited to 200 and the aggregate performance from this component for use in the EAIP is limited to 175 . 
 Final Notes on Company Performance Factor and General 
 1) Final EAIP Participant Awards to participants will be rounded up to the nearest 1,000. 
 2) Final NI results for 2023 could be adjusted for the impact of certain events as determined by the OECC. 

</EX-10.M>

<EX-10.P>
 7
 ex10pformofchangeinctrlsev.htm
 EX-10.P

Document 
 Exhibit 10p 

February 23, 2023 

Name 
 Address 
 City, State Zip 
 
 Re Amended and Restated Change in Control Severance Agreement 
 Dear Name 
 Northwest Natural Gas Company, an Oregon corporation (the Company ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Northwest Natural Holding Company, an Oregon corporation Parent ), considers the establishment and maintenance of a sound and vital management to be essential to protecting and enhancing the best interests of the Company. In this connection, the Company recognizes that, as is the case with many publicly held corporations like Parent, the possibility of a change in control may exist and that such possibility, and the uncertainty and questions which it may raise among management, may result in the departure or distraction of management personnel to the detriment of the Company, its customers and its shareholders. Accordingly, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board has determined that appropriate steps should be taken to reinforce and encourage the continued attention and dedication of members of the Company s management to their assigned duties without distraction in circumstances arising from the possibility of a change in control of Parent or the Company. 
 In order to induce you to remain in the employ of the Company, this letter agreement, which has been approved by the Board, sets forth severance benefits which the Company agrees will be provided to you in the event your employment with the Company is terminated in connection with a Change in Control (as defined in Section 3 hereof) under the circumstances described below. The Company and you have entered into a prior letter agreement regarding change in control severance benefits dated October 1, 2018. Upon your signature of this letter agreement, that prior agreement as amended by the letter agreement between you and the Company dated ____________ , shall be amended and restated in its entirety in the form of this agreement. 
 1. Agreement to Provide Services Right to Terminate . 
 (i) Except as otherwise provided in paragraph (ii) below, the Company or you may terminate your employment at any time, subject to the Company s providing the benefits hereinafter specified in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 (ii) In the event of a Potential Change in Control (as defined in Section 3 hereof), you agree that you will not leave the employ of the Company (other than as a result of Disability, as such term is hereinafter defined) and will render the services contemplated in the 

Page 2 

recitals to this Agreement until the earliest of (a) a date which is 270 days from the occurrence of such Potential Change in Control, or (b) a termination of your employment pursuant to which you become entitled under this Agreement to receive the benefits provided in Section 5(iii) below. 
 2. Term of Agreement . This Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and shall continue in effect until December 31, 2023 provided, however, that commencing on January 1, 2024 and each January 1 thereafter, the term of this Agreement shall automatically be extended for one additional year unless at least 90 days prior to such January 1 date, the Company or you shall have given notice that this Agreement shall not be extended (provided that no such notice may be given by the Company during the pendency of a Potential Change in Control) and provided, further, that this Agreement shall continue in effect for a period of twenty-four (24) months beyond the term provided herein if a Change in Control shall have occurred during such term. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2 to the contrary, this Agreement shall terminate automatically if you or the Company terminate your employment prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval (as defined in Section 3 hereof), if applicable, or the Change in Control. In addition, the Company may terminate this Agreement during your employment if, prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control, you cease to hold your current position with the Company, except by reason of a promotion. 
 3. Change in Control Potential Change in Control Shareholder Approval Person. 
 (i) For purposes of this Agreement, a Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events 
 (A) The consummation of 
 (1) any consolidation, merger or plan of share exchange involving Parent (a Merger as a result of which the holders of outstanding securities of Parent ordinarily having the right to vote for the election of directors Voting Securities immediately prior to the Merger do not continue to hold at least 50 of the combined voting power of the outstanding Voting Securities of the surviving corporation or a parent corporation of the surviving corporation immediately after the Merger, disregarding any Voting Securities issued to or retained by such holders in respect of securities of any other party to the Merger 
 (2) any consolidation, merger, plan of share exchange or other transaction involving the Company as a result of which Parent does not continue to hold, directly or indirectly, at least 50 of the outstanding securities of the Company ordinarily having the right to vote for the election of directors or 
 (3) any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all, or substantially all, the assets of Parent or the Company 
 (B) At any time during a period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the board of directors of Parent Incumbent Directors shall cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof provided, however, that the term Incumbent Director shall also include each 

Page 3 

new director elected during such two-year period whose nomination or election was approved by two-thirds of the Incumbent Directors then in office or 
 (C) Any Person (as hereinafter defined) shall, as a result of a tender or exchange offer, open market purchases or privately negotiated purchases from anyone other than Parent, have become the beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), directly or indirectly, of Voting Securities representing twenty percent (20 or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding Voting Securities, but disregarding any Voting Securities with respect to which that acquirer has filed SEC Schedule 13G indicating that the Voting Securities were not acquired and are not held for the purpose of or with the effect of changing or influencing, directly or indirectly, the Company s management or policies, unless and until that entity or person files SEC Schedule 13D, at which point this exception will not apply to such Voting Securities, including those previously subject to a SEC Schedule 13G filing. 
 Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, unless otherwise determined by the Board, no Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred for purposes of this Agreement if (1) you acquire (other than on the same basis as all other holders of shares of Common Stock of Parent or the Company) an equity interest in an entity that acquires Parent or the Company in a Change in Control otherwise described under subparagraph (A) above, or (2) you are part of a group that constitutes a Person which becomes a beneficial owner of Voting Securities in a transaction that otherwise would have resulted in a Change in Control under subparagraph (C) above. 
 (ii) For purposes of this Agreement, a Potential Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if 
 (A) Parent or the Company enters into an agreement, the consummation of which would result in the occurrence of a Change in Control 
 (B) any Person (including Parent or the Company) publicly announces an intention to take or to consider taking actions which if consummated would constitute a Change in Control or 
 (C) the Board adopts a resolution to the effect that, for purposes of this Agreement, a Potential Change in Control has occurred. 
 (iii) For purposes of this Agreement, Shareholder Approval shall be deemed to have occurred if the shareholders of Parent approve an agreement entered into by Parent, the consummation of which would result in the occurrence of a Change in Control. 
 (iv) For purposes of this Agreement, the term Person shall mean and include any individual, corporation, partnership, group, association or other person, as such term is used in Section 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), other than Parent or the Company or any employee benefit plan sponsored by Parent or the Company. 
 4. Termination Following Shareholder Approval or Change in Control . If a Change in Control occurs, you shall be entitled to the benefits provided in Section 5(iii) hereof in the event that (x) a Date of Termination (as defined in Section 4(v) below) of your employment with 

Page 4 

the Company occurred or occurs after the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control and no later than twenty-four (24) months after the Change in Control, or (y) your employment with the Company is terminated by you for Good Reason (as defined below) based on an event occurring concurrent with or subsequent to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control and your Notice of Termination (as defined in Section 4(iv) below) in connection therewith shall have been given no later than twenty-four (24) months after the Change in Control provided, however, that if any such termination is (a) because of your death, (b) by the Company for Cause (as defined below) or Disability, or (c) by you other than for Good Reason based on an event occurring concurrent with or subsequent to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control, then you shall not be entitled to the benefits provided in Section 5(iii) hereof. 
 (i) Disability . Termination by the Company of your employment based on Disability shall mean termination because of your absence from your duties with the Company on a full-time basis for one hundred eighty (180) consecutive days as a result of your incapacity due to physical or mental illness, unless within thirty (30) days after Notice of Termination is given to you following such absence you shall have returned to the full-time performance of your duties. 
 (ii) Cause . Termination by the Company of your employment for Cause shall mean termination upon (a) the willful and continued failure by you to perform substantially your assigned duties with the Company (other than any such failure resulting from your incapacity due to physical or mental illness) after a demand for substantial performance is delivered to you by the Chair of the Board or Chief Executive Officer of the Company which specifically identifies the manner in which such executive believes that you have not substantially performed your duties or (b) the willful engaging by you in illegal conduct which is materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company. For purposes of this paragraph (ii), no act, or failure to act, on your part shall be considered willful unless done, or omitted to be done, by you in knowing bad faith and without reasonable belief that your action or omission was in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the Company. Any act, or failure to act, based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board or based upon the advice of counsel for the Company shall be conclusively presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by you in good faith and in the best interests of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you shall not be deemed to have been terminated for Cause unless and until there shall have been delivered to you a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than three-quarters of the entire membership of the Board at a meeting of the Board called and held for the purpose (after reasonable notice to you and an opportunity for you, together with your counsel, to be heard before the Board), finding that in the good faith opinion of the Board you were guilty of the conduct set forth above in (a) or (b) of this paragraph (ii) and specifying the particulars thereof in detail. 
 (iii) Good Reason . Termination by you of your employment with the Company for Good Reason shall mean termination by you of your employment with the Company based on any of the following events provided you give Notice of Termination after the occurrence of any of the following events and no later than 30 days after the later of (1) notice to you of such event, or (2) the Change in Control 
 (A) a change in your status, title, position(s) or responsibilities as an officer of the Company which does not represent a promotion from your status, title, position(s) and responsibilities as in effect immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder 

Page 5 

Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control, or the assignment to you of any duties or responsibilities which are inconsistent with such status, title or position(s), or any removal of you from or any failure to reappoint or reelect you to such position(s), except in connection with the termination of your employment for Cause or Disability or as a result of your death or by you other than for Good Reason provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, if you are an officer of the Company or its affiliate and subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act with respect to those entities immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control, then being an officer of the surviving entity or its parent who is not subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16 of the Exchange Act of 1934 shall be deemed an adverse change to your status and responsibilities 
 (B) a reduction by the Company in your base salary as in effect immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control 
 (C) the failure by the Company or Parent, as applicable, to continue in effect any Plan (as hereinafter defined) in which you are participating immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control (or Plans providing you with at least substantially similar benefits) other than as a result of the normal expiration of any such Plan in accordance with its terms as in effect immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control, or the taking of any action, or the failure to act, by the Company or Parent which would adversely affect your continued participation in any of such Plans on at least as favorable a basis to you as is the case immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control or which would materially reduce your benefits in the future under any of such Plans or deprive you of any material benefit enjoyed by you immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, (1) if a Plan provides for payments to you after the termination of the Plan in accordance with its terms, any changes to the payments to be made to you under such Plan after its termination will be deemed a failure to continue such Plan in accordance with its terms, and (2) the failure to adopt a new annual incentive plan after the expiration of an annual incentive plan will be deemed to be the failure to continue in effect a Plan, even though the prior plan expired in accordance with its terms 
 (D) the failure by the Company to (x) provide and credit you with the number of paid vacation days to which you are then entitled in accordance with the Company s normal vacation policy as in effect immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Controlor (y) to implement and honor a new vacation policy on substantially the same terms as the Company s vacation policy as in effect immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control 
 (E) the Company s requiring you to be based more than 25 miles from where your office is located immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control except for required travel on the Company s business to an extent substantially consistent with the business travel obligations which 

Page 6 

you undertook on behalf of the Company prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control 
 (F) the failure by the Company to obtain from any Successor (as hereinafter defined) the assent to this Agreement contemplated by Section 7 hereof 
 (G) any purported termination by the Company of your employment which is not effected pursuant to a Notice of Termination satisfying the requirements of paragraph (iv) below (and, if applicable, paragraph (ii) above) and for purposes of this Agreement, no such purported termination shall be effective or 
 (H) the failure by the Company to pay you any portion of your current compensation, to credit your account under any deferred compensation plan in accordance with your previous election, or to pay you any portion of an installment of deferred compensation under any Plan in which you participated, within seven (7) days of the date such compensation is due. 
 For purposes of this Agreement, Plan shall mean any compensation plan such as an incentive, stock option or restricted stock plan or any employee benefit plan such as a savings, pension, profit sharing, deferred compensation, medical, disability, accident, life insurance, or relocation plan or policy or any other plan, program or policy of the Company or Parent intended to benefit employees of the Company. 
 (iv) Notice of Termination . Any purported termination by the Company or by you (other than termination due to your death, which shall terminate your employment automatically) following the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or a Change in Control shall be communicated by Notice of Termination to the other party hereto. For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of Termination shall mean a notice which shall indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon and shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of your employment under the provision so indicated. 
 (A) With respect to any Notice of Termination given by you for Good Reason, such Notice of Termination may indicate that such termination for Good Reason shall be conditioned upon, and postponed until, the date on which it is finally determined, either by mutual written agreement of the parties or by the arbitrators in a proceeding as provided in Section 13 hereof, that Good Reason exists for such termination. If a Notice of Termination given by you for Good Reason indicates that such termination shall be so conditioned and postponed, then, if the Company disputes the existence of Good Reason, the Company shall, within thirty (30) days after the Notice of Termination is given, notify you that a dispute exists concerning the termination, whereupon Section 13 hereof shall apply to such dispute. If no such notice is given by the Company within such 30-day period, then a final determination that Good Reason exists shall be deemed to have occurred on the date thirty (30) days after the Notice of Termination for Good Reason is given. 
 (B) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement 
 (1) if, at any time before the Date of Termination determined pursuant to this Agreement with respect to any purported termination by you of your 

Page 7 

employment with the Company, there exists a basis for the Company to terminate your employment for Cause, then the Company may, regardless of whether or not you have given Notice of Termination for Good Reason and regardless of whether or not Good Reason exists, terminate your employment for Cause, in which event you shall not be entitled to the benefits provided in Section 5(iii) hereof, and 
 (2) if you die or your employment is terminated based on Disability after you have given Notice of Termination for Good Reason and before the Date of Termination determined under this Agreement with respect to that Notice of Termination, and it is subsequently finally determined that Good Reason existed at the time your employment terminated, then termination of your employment shall be deemed to have occurred for Good Reason (and not due to your death or Disability) and you shall be entitled to the benefits provided in Section 5(iii) hereof. 
 (v) Date of Termination . Date of Termination shall mean the date your employment with the Company is terminated following the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or a Change in Control, which date shall be determined as follows 
 (A) if your employment is to be terminated for Disability, thirty (30) days after Notice of Termination is given (provided that, if you shall have returned to the performance of your duties on a full-time basis during such thirty (30) day period, then the termination for Disability contemplated by the Notice of Termination shall not occur), 
 (B) if your employment is terminated due to your death, the date of your death, 
 (C) if your employment is to be terminated by the Company other than for Disability, or if your employment is to be terminated by you without a claim of Good Reason, the date specified in the Notice of Termination, and 
 (D) if your employment is to be terminated by you for Good Reason, the date ninety (90) days after the date on which a Notice of Termination is given, unless either 
 (1) an earlier date has been agreed to by the Company either in advance of, or after, receiving such Notice of Termination (in which case such earlier date shall be the Date of Termination), 
 (2) pursuant to and in accordance with Section 4(iv) you have indicated in your Notice of Termination that you are conditioning your termination upon (and postponing such termination until) the date on which it is finally determined that Good Reason exists for such termination (in which case the later of such date as determined in accordance with Section 4(iv) above, or the date otherwise determined under this Section 4(v)(D), shall be the Date of Termination), 
 (3) the Company shall not have notified you within fifteen (15) days after a Notice of Termination for Good Reason is given that it intends to fully correct the circumstances giving rise to Good Reason (in which case the date 

Page 8 

fifteen (15) days after the Notice of Termination shall be the Date of Termination), or 
 (4) if the Company gives notice as provided in Section 4(v)(D)(3) and if the circumstances giving rise to Good Reason are fully corrected on or prior to the date that is ninety (90) days after such Notice of Termination was given, then the termination for Good Reason contemplated by such Notice of Termination shall not occur. 
 (E) You shall not be obligated to perform any services after the Date of Termination that would prevent the termination of your employment on such Date of Termination from qualifying as a separation from service as defined in Treasury Regulations 1.409A-1(h). 
 5. Compensation Upon Termination or During Disability . 
 (i) During any period following the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or a Change in Control that you fail to perform your duties as a result of incapacity due to physical or mental illness, you shall continue to receive your full base salary at the rate then in effect and any benefits or awards under any Plans shall continue to accrue during such period, to the extent not inconsistent with such Plans, until your employment is terminated pursuant to and in accordance with Sections 4(i) and 4(v) hereof. Thereafter, your benefits shall be determined in accordance with the Plans then in effect. 
 (ii) If your employment shall be terminated for Cause or as a result of death following the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or a Change in Control, the Company shall pay you your full base salary through the Date of Termination at the rate in effect just prior to the time a Notice of Termination is given plus any benefits or awards which pursuant to the terms of any Plans have been earned or become payable, but which have not yet been paid to you. Thereupon the Company shall have no further obligations to you under this Agreement. 
 (iii) If a Change in Control occurs and either (a) after the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control and no later than twenty-four (24) months after the Change in Control, a Date of Termination of your employment with the Company occurred or occurs as a result of a termination by the Company other than for Cause or Disability, or (b) your employment with the Company is terminated by you for Good Reason based on an event occurring concurrent with or subsequent to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control and your Notice of Termination in connection therewith shall have been given no later than twenty-four (24) months after the Change in Control, then, by no later than the fifth day following the later of the Date of Termination or the Change in Control (except as may otherwise be provided), you shall be entitled, without regard to any contrary provisions of any Plan, to a severance benefit as follows 
 (A) the Company shall pay your full base salary through the Date of Termination at the rate in effect just prior to the time a Notice of Termination is given plus any benefits or awards which pursuant to the terms of any Plans have been earned or become payable, but which have not yet been paid to you provided, however, that with respect to a termination of your employment for Good Reason based on a reduction by the Company in your base salary as in effect immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control, the Company shall pay 

Page 9 

your full base salary through the Date of Termination at the rate in effect just prior to such reduction plus any benefits or awards which pursuant to the terms of any Plans have been earned or become payable, but which have not yet been paid to you 
 (B) as severance pay and in lieu of any further salary for periods subsequent to the Date of Termination, the Company shall pay to you in a single payment an amount in cash equal to two (2.0) times the sum of (1) the greater of (i) your annual rate of base salary in effect on the Date of Termination or (ii) your annual rate of base salary in effect immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control and (2) the your target annual bonus in effect immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control 
 (C) if you hold an equity award which vested upon consummation of the Change of Control on a prorated basis, the Company shall pay you an amount equal to (1) the amount you would have received if such award had fully vested (or vested at target performance) upon the consummation of the Change of Control minus (2) the amount paid to you with respect to such award based on the prorated vesting (without taking into account any tax withholding) and 
 (D) for a twenty-four (24) month period after the Date of Termination (specifically including a Date of Termination that occurs after Shareholder Approval and prior to a Change in Control), the Company shall arrange to provide you, your spouse and your dependents with life, accident and health insurance benefits substantially similar to those which you were receiving immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control. Such benefits may take the form, at the Company's discretion, of the Company's payment of COBRA or other premiums for you, your spouse and your dependents continued coverage under the Company s group health plan and other insurance programs (if you, your spouse and your dependents are eligible for continuation coverage under the Company's group health plan and other insurance programs), payment of the premium for individual medical insurance policies and life and accident policies selected by you for you, your spouse and your dependents, or a combination of the foregoing. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not provide any benefit otherwise receivable by you pursuant to this subparagraph (C) to the extent that a similar benefit is actually received by you from a subsequent employer during such thirty (30) month period, and any such benefit actually received by you shall be reported to the Company. 
 (iv) The amount of any payment provided for in this Section 5 shall not be reduced, offset or subject to recovery by the Company by reason of any compensation earned by you as the result of employment by another employer after the Date of Termination, or otherwise. Your entitlements under Section 5(iii) are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any rights, benefits or entitlements you may have under the terms or provisions of any Plan. 
 6. Parachute Payments . Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement between the Company or Parent and you with respect to compensation or benefits (each an Other Arrangement ), in the event that the provisions of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any successor provisions (the Code ), would cause you to receive a greater after-tax benefit from the Capped 

Page 10 

Benefit (as defined below) than from the amounts (including the monetary value of any non-cash benefits) otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement or any Other Arrangement (the Specified Benefits ), the Capped Benefit shall be paid to you in lieu of the Specified Benefits. The Capped Benefit shall equal the Specified Benefits, reduced by the amount necessary to prevent any portion of the Specified Benefits from being a parachute payment as defined in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code. The Capped Benefit would therefore equal 2.99 multiplied by your applicable base amount as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code. For purposes of determining whether you would receive a greater after-tax benefit from the Capped Benefit than from the Specified Benefits, there shall be taken into account any excise tax that would be imposed under Section 4999 of the Code and all federal, state and local taxes required to be paid by you in respect of the receipt of such payments. The parties acknowledge that the application of Section 280G is uncertain in many respects and agree that the Company shall make all calculations and determinations under this section (including application and interpretation of the Code and related regulatory, administrative and judicial authorities) in good faith, which calculations and determinations shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Company shall provide you with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the Company s calculations of the Capped Benefit and to request which of the Specified Benefits shall be reduced. If, after payment of any amount under this Agreement or any Other Arrangement, it is determined that the calculation of the Capped Benefit was calculated incorrectly, the amount of the Capped Benefit will be adjusted, the Company shall pay to you any additional amount that should have been paid to you, and you shall repay to the Company any amount that should not have been paid to you, in each case with interest at the discount rate applicable under Section 280G(d)(4) of the Code. 
 7. Successors Binding Agreement . 
 (i) Upon your written request, the Company will seek to have any Successor (as hereinafter defined), by agreement in form and substance satisfactory to you, assent to the fulfillment by the Company of its obligations under this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, Successor shall mean any Person that succeeds to, or has the practical ability to control (either immediately or with the passage of time), the Company s business directly, by merger, consolidation or purchase of assets, or indirectly, by purchase of Parent s or the Company s Voting Securities or otherwise. 
 (ii) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by your personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. If you should die while any amount would still be payable to you hereunder if you had continued to live, all such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to your devisee, legatee or other designee or, if there be no such designee, to your estate. 
 8. Fees and Expenses . The Company shall pay to you all legal fees and related expenses incurred by you in good faith as a result of (i) your termination following the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or a Change in Control (including all such fees and expenses, if any, incurred in contesting or disputing in good faith any such termination) or (ii) your seeking to obtain or enforce in good faith any right or benefit provided by this Agreement. 
 9. Survival . The respective obligations of, and benefits afforded to, the Company and you as provided in Sections 5, 6, 7(ii), 8 and 13 of this Agreement shall survive termination 

Page 11 

of this Agreement, but only with respect to a Change in Control occurring during the term of this Agreement. 
 10. Notice . For the purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered or mailed by United States registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid and addressed to the address of the respective party set forth on the first page of this Agreement, provided that all notices to the Company shall be directed to the attention of the Chair of the Board or Chief Executive Officer of the Company, with a copy to the Secretary of the Company, or to such other address as either party may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith, except that notice of change of address shall be effective only upon receipt. 
 11. Miscellaneous . No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless such modification, waiver or discharge is agreed to in a writing signed by you and the Chair of the Board or Chief Executive Officer of the Company. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. No agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, express or implied, with respect to the subject matter hereof have been made by either party which are not expressly set forth in this Agreement. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Oregon. 
 12. Validity . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. 
 13. Arbitration . Any dispute or controversy arising under or in connection with this Agreement shall be settled exclusively by arbitration in Portland, Oregon by three arbitrators in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association then in effect. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrators award, which award shall be a final and binding determination of the dispute or controversy, in any court having jurisdiction provided, however, that you shall be entitled to seek specific performance of your right to be paid until the Date of Termination during the pendency of any dispute or controversy arising under or in connection with this Agreement. The Company shall bear all costs and expenses of the arbitrators arising in connection with any arbitration proceeding pursuant to this Section 13. 
 14. Related Agreements. To the extent that any provision of any other agreement between the Company or any of its subsidiaries and you shall limit, qualify or be inconsistent with any provision of this Agreement, then for purposes of this Agreement, while the same shall remain in force, the provision of this Agreement shall control and such provision of such other agreement shall be deemed to have been superseded, and to be of no force or effect, as if such other agreement had been formally amended to the extent necessary to accomplish such purpose. 
 15. Section 409A . 
 (i) The intent of the parties is that payments and benefits under this Agreement comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder Section 409A ), to the extent subject 

Page 12 

thereto, or otherwise be exempt from Section 409A, and accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be interpreted and administered to be exempt from or in compliance therewith. Each amount to be paid or benefit to be provided under this Agreement shall be construed as a separate and distinct payment for purposes of Section 409A. Without limiting the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, to the extent required to avoid accelerated taxation and or tax penalties under Section 409A 
 (A) You shall not be considered to have terminated employment with the Company for purposes of any payments under this Agreement which are subject to Section 409A until you would be considered to have incurred a separation from service from the Company within the meaning of Section 409A 
 (B) Amounts that would otherwise be payable and benefits that would otherwise be provided pursuant to this Agreement or any other arrangement between you and the Company during the six (6) month period immediately following your separation from service shall instead be paid on the first business day after the date that is six (6) months following your separation from service (or, if earlier, your date of death) 
 (C) Omitted 
 (D) Any payment that will be in compliance with Section 409A only if payable upon a change in control event within the meaning Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) shall be made only in compliance with such regulation and 
 (E) If any severance amount payable under this Agreement or any other agreement that you may have a right or entitlement to as of the date of this Agreement constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A, then the portion of the benefits payable hereunder equal to such other amount shall instead be provided in the form set forth in this Agreement or such other agreement. 
 (ii) The Company makes no representation that any or all of the payments described in this Agreement will be exempt from or comply with Section 409A and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A from applying to any such payment. You understand and agree that you shall be solely responsible for the payment of any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses incurred by you on account of non-compliance with Section 409A. 
 15. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 

Page 13 

If this letter correctly sets forth our agreement on the subject matter hereof, kindly sign and return to the Company the enclosed copy of this letter which will then constitute our agreement on this subject. 
 Sincerely, 
 NORTHWEST NATURAL GAS COMPANY 

By 
 
 Name Title 

Agreed to this ____ day 
 of ____________, 2023. 

Name 

</EX-10.P>

<EX-10.S>
 8
 ex10snorthwestnaturalholdi.htm
 EX-10.S

Document 
 Exhibit 10s 

 NORTHWEST NATURAL HOLDING COMPANY 
 LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 (as amended as of October 1, 2018 and February 23, 2023) 
 
 1. Purpose . The purpose of this Long Term Incentive Plan (the Plan is to enable Northwest Natural Holding Company (the Company to attract and retain the services of selected employees, officers and directors of the Company or of any subsidiary of the Company. The Plan was originally adopted by Northwest Natural Gas Company Northwest Natural ). Effective October 1, 2018, Northwest Natural became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and holders of Northwest Natural common stock became holders of Company common stock Common Stock ), and in connection with that transaction the Plan has been adopted and assumed by the Company and outstanding awards under the Plan have been assumed by the Company. 
 
 2. Shares Subject to the Plan . Subject to adjustment as provided below and in Section 9, the shares to be offered under the Plan shall consist of Common Stock of the Company, and the total number of shares of Common Stock that may be awarded under the Plan, including all shares of Northwest Natural common stock awarded under the Plan prior to its assumption by the Company, shall not exceed 1,100,000 shares. The shares awarded under the Plan may be authorized and unissued shares, reacquired shares or shares purchased on the open market for delivery to participants. If an option, Stock Award or Performance-based Award granted under the Plan expires, terminates or is cancelled, the shares subject to such option, Stock Award or Performance-based Award shall again be available under the Plan. If any shares delivered pursuant to a Stock Award or Performance-based Award under the Plan are forfeited to the Company, the number of shares forfeited shall again be available under the Plan. 
 
 3. Duration of Plan . The Plan shall continue in effect until all shares available for award under the Plan have been delivered to participants and all restrictions on such shares have lapsed provided, however, that no awards shall be made under the Plan on or after the later of May 25, 2027 or the 10th anniversary of the last action after October 1, 2018 by the shareholders of the Company approving or re-approving the Plan. The Board of Directors may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time except with respect to awards and shares subject to restrictions then outstanding under the Plan. Termination shall not affect any outstanding awards or the forfeitability of shares awarded under the Plan. 
 
 4. Administration . 
 
 (a) Board of Directors. The Plan shall be administered by the Board of Directors of the Company, which shall determine and designate from time to time the individuals to whom awards shall be made, the amount of the awards and the other terms and conditions of the awards. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Board of Directors may from time to time adopt and amend rules and regulations relating to administration of the Plan, advance the lapse of any waiting period, accelerate any exercise date, waive or modify any restriction applicable to shares (except those restrictions imposed by law) and make all other determinations in the judgment of the Board of Directors necessary or desirable for the administration of the Plan. The interpretation and construction of the provisions of the Plan and related agreements by the Board of Directors shall be final and conclusive. The Board of Directors may correct any defect or supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan or in any related agreement in the manner and to the extent it shall deem expedient to carry the Plan into effect, and it shall be the sole and final judge of such expediency. 
 
 (b) Committee. The Board of Directors may delegate to a committee of the Board of Directors (the Committee any or all authority for administration of the Plan. If authority is delegated to a Committee, all references to the Board of Directors in the Plan shall mean and relate to the Committee except (i) as otherwise provided by the Board of Directors, and (ii) that only the Board of Directors may amend or terminate the Plan as provided in Sections 3 and 10. 
 
 (c) No Dividends on Unvested Awards. No award granted under the Plan shall provide for the payment of dividends on shares subject to the award before the shares have Vested provided, however, that dividends accumulated between the grant date of an award and the Vesting date on shares that become Vested under the award may be paid to the recipient at or after the time the shares become Vested. Vested means that shares have been delivered to the recipient and are no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture (as defined in regulations under Section 83 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended IRC ). 

(d) Minimum Service Period. No award granted under the Plan on or after January 1, 2017 shall become Vested if the recipient does not remain in the service of the Company until the first anniversary of the date of grant, unless the recipient s service is terminated as a result of the recipient s death or physical disability (within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the IRC), or such earlier Vesting occurs as a result of a Change in Control of the Company provided, however, that the foregoing prohibition shall not apply to five percent of the sum of the number of shares available for awards under the Plan on January 1, 2017 plus the number of additional shares that thereafter become available. 
 
 (e) Change in Control Vesting. No award granted under the Plan on or after January 1, 2017 shall provide for any excuse from satisfaction of the continued service conditions of the award as a result of a Change in Control of the Company, except that an award agreement may excuse the recipient from the continued service obligation if 
 
 (i) the recipient s employment is terminated by the employer without cause or by the recipient for good reason in connection with the Change in Control under terms specified in the award agreement or 
 
 (ii) the award is not converted into an award for stock of the surviving or acquiring corporation in the Change in Control transaction under terms specified in the award agreement. 
 
 (f) Change in Control Definition. For purposes of the Plan, a Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events 
 
 (i) The consummation of 
 
 (1) any consolidation, merger or plan of share exchange involving the Company (a Merger as a result of which the holders of outstanding securities of the Company ordinarily having the right to vote for the election of directors Voting Securities immediately prior to the Merger do not continue to hold at least 50 of the combined voting power of the outstanding Voting Securities of the surviving corporation or a parent corporation of the surviving corporation immediately after the Merger, disregarding any Voting Securities issued to or retained by such holders in respect of securities of any other party to the Merger 
 (2) any consolidation, merger, plan of share exchange or other transaction involving NW Natural or an affiliate of the Company specified in the award agreement with the recipient approved by the Board of Directors (a Business Unit as a result of which the Company does not continue to hold, directly or indirectly. at least 50 of the outstanding securities of NW Natural or the Business Unit, if applicable, ordinarily having the right to vote for the election of directors or 
 (3) any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all, or substantially all, the assets of the Company, NW Natural, or, the Business Unit, if applicable 
 (ii) At any time during a period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the Board Incumbent Directors shall cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof provided, however, that the term Incumbent Director shall also include each new director elected during such two-year period whose nomination or election was approved by two-thirds of the Incumbent Directors then in office or 
 (iii) Any person (as such term is used in Section 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, other than the Company or any employee benefit plan sponsored by the Company) shall, as a result of a tender or exchange offer, open market purchases or privately negotiated purchases from anyone other than the Company, have become the beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), directly or indirectly, of Voting Securities representing twenty percent (20 or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding Voting Securities, but disregarding any Voting Securities with respect to which that acquirer has filed SEC Schedule 13G indicating that the Voting Securities were not acquired and are not held for the purpose of or with the effect of changing or influencing, directly or indirectly, the Company s management or policies, unless 
 2 

and until that entity or person files SEC Schedule 13D, at which point this exception will not apply to such Voting Securities, including those previously subject to a SEC Schedule 13G filing. 
 5. Types of Awards Eligibility . The Board of Directors may, from time to time, take the following actions, separately or in combination, under the Plan (i) grant Stock Awards, including restricted stock and restricted stock units, as provided in Section 6 (ii) grant stock options as provided in Section 7 and (iii) grant Performance-based Awards as provided in Section 8. An award may be made to any employee, officer or director of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, except that no stock option or Performance-based Award may be granted to any director who is not also an employee of the Company. The Board of Directors shall select the individuals to whom awards shall be made and shall specify the action taken with respect to each individual to whom an award is made. 
 
 6. Stock Awards, including Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units . The Board of Directors may grant shares as stock awards under the Plan Stock Awards ). No director of the Company who is not also an employee of the Company may be granted Stock Awards in any fiscal year for more than 300,000 in fair market value (as defined in Section 7(c)) of Common Stock. Stock Awards shall be subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions determined by the Board of Directors. The restrictions may include restrictions concerning transferability and forfeiture of the shares awarded, together with any other restrictions determined by the Board of Directors. Stock Awards subject to restrictions may be either restricted stock awards under which shares are delivered immediately upon grant subject to forfeiture if vesting conditions are not satisfied, or restricted stock unit awards under which shares are not delivered until after vesting conditions are satisfied. The Board of Directors may require the recipient to sign an agreement as a condition of the award, but may not require the recipient to pay any monetary consideration other than amounts necessary to satisfy tax withholding requirements. The agreement may contain any terms, conditions, restrictions, representations and warranties required by the Board of Directors. The certificates representing the shares awarded shall bear any legends required by the Board of Directors. The Company may require any recipient of a Stock Award to pay to the Company in cash or by check upon demand amounts necessary to satisfy any applicable federal, state or local tax withholding requirements. If the recipient fails to pay the amount demanded, the Company may withhold that amount from other amounts payable to the recipient, including salary, subject to applicable law. With the consent of the Board of Directors, a recipient may satisfy this obligation, in whole or in part, by instructing the Company to withhold from any shares to be received or by delivering to the Company other shares of Common Stock provided, however, that the number of shares so withheld or delivered shall not exceed the minimum amount necessary to satisfy the required tax withholding obligation. Upon the delivery of shares under a Stock Award, the number of shares reserved for award under the Plan shall be reduced by the number of shares delivered, less the number of shares withheld or delivered to satisfy tax withholding obligations provided, however, that effective for shares delivered on and after January 1, 2017, the adjustment for shares withheld or delivered to satisfy tax withholding obligations shall no longer apply. 
 
 7. Stock Options . 
 
 (a) Option Grants . Options granted under the Plan may be Incentive Stock Options as defined in Section 422 of the IRC, or Non-Statutory Stock Options. A Non-Statutory Stock Option means an option other than an Incentive Stock Option. The Board of Directors has the sole discretion to determine which options shall be Incentive Stock Options and which options shall be Non-Statutory Stock Options, and, at the time of grant, it shall specifically designate each option granted under the Plan as an Incentive Stock Option or a Non-Statutory Stock Option. In the case of Incentive Stock Options, all terms shall be consistent with the requirements of the IRC and applicable regulations. No Incentive Stock Option may be granted under the Plan on or after the tenth anniversary of the last action by the Board of Directors approving an increase in the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan, which action was subsequently approved within 12 months by the shareholders. 
 
 (b) Limitation on Amount of Grants . No employee may be granted options under the Plan for more than 200,000 shares of Common Stock in any fiscal year. 
 
 (c) Option Price . The option price per share under each option granted under the Plan shall be determined by the Board of Directors, but the option price for an Incentive Stock Option and a Non-Statutory Stock Option shall be not less than 100 percent of the fair market value of the shares covered by the option on the date the option is granted. Except as otherwise expressly provided, for 
 3 

purposes of the Plan, the fair market value shall be deemed to be the closing sales price for the Common Stock as reported by the New York Stock Exchange and published in the Wall Street Journal for the date of grant, or such other fair market value of the Common Stock as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 
 (d) Duration of Options . Each option granted under the Plan shall continue in effect for the period fixed by the Board of Directors, except that no Incentive Stock Option shall be exercisable after the expiration of 10 years from the date it is granted and no Non-Statutory Stock Option shall be exercisable after the expiration of 10 years plus seven days from the date it is granted. 
 
 (e) Nonassignability . Except as otherwise provided by the Board of Directors, each option granted under the Plan by its terms shall be nonassignable and nontransferable by the optionee except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution of the state or country of the optionee s domicile at the time of death, and each option by its terms shall be exercisable during the optionee s lifetime only by the optionee. 
 
 (f) Option Agreements . The Board of Directors shall determine the employees to whom options shall be granted and the number of shares, option price, the period of each option, the time or times at which options may be exercised, and any other term of the grant, all of which shall be set forth in an option agreement between the Company and the optionee. 
 
 (g) Effect on Shares Available . Upon the exercise of an option, the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan shall be reduced by the number of shares for which the option was exercised, without any adjustment for shares surrendered in payment of the option price or surrendered or withheld to satisfy tax withholding requirements. 
 
 (h) No Repricing . Except for actions approved by the shareholders of the Company or adjustments made pursuant to Section 9, the option price for an outstanding option granted under the Plan may not be decreased after the date of grant nor may the Company grant a new option or pay any cash or other consideration (including another award under the Plan) in exchange for any outstanding option granted under the Plan at a time when the option price of the outstanding option exceeds the fair market value of the shares covered by the option. 
 
 8. Performance-based Awards . The Board of Directors may grant awards intended to qualify as qualified performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the IRC and the regulations thereunder Performance-based Awards ). Performance-based Awards shall be denominated at the time of grant either in Common Stock Stock Performance Awards or in dollar amounts Dollar Performance Awards ). Payment under a Stock Performance Award or a Dollar Performance Award shall be made, at the discretion of the Board of Directors, in Common Stock Performance Shares ), or in cash or in any combination thereof. Performance-based Awards shall be subject to the following terms and conditions 
 
 (a) Award Period. The Board of Directors shall determine the period of time for which a Performance-based Award is made (the Award Period ). 
 
 (b) Performance Goals and Payment. The Board of Directors shall establish in writing objectives Performance Goals that must be met by the Company or any subsidiary, division or other unit of the Company Business Unit during the Award Period as a condition to payment being made under the Performance-based Award. The Performance Goals for each award shall be one or more targeted levels of performance with respect to one or more of the following objective measures with respect to the Company or any Business Unit earnings, earnings per share, stock price increase, total shareholder return (stock price increase plus dividends), return on equity, return on assets, return on capital, economic value added, revenues, operating income, inventories, inventory turns, cash flows or any of the foregoing before the effect of acquisitions, divestitures, accounting changes, and restructuring and special charges (determined according to criteria established by the Board of Directors). The Board of Directors shall also establish the number of Performance Shares or the amount of cash payment to be made under a Performance-based Award if the Performance Goals are met or exceeded, including the fixing of a maximum payment (subject to Section 8(d)). The Board of Directors may establish other restrictions to payment under a Performance-based Award, such as a continued employment requirement, in addition to satisfaction of the Performance Goals. Some or all of the Performance Shares may be 
 4 

delivered to the participant at the time of the award as restricted shares subject to forfeiture in whole or in part if Performance Goals or, if applicable, other restrictions are not satisfied. 
 
 (c) Computation of Payment. During or after an Award Period, the performance of the Company or Business Unit, as applicable, during the period shall be measured against the Performance Goals. If the Performance Goals are not met, no payment shall be made under a Performance-based Award. If the Performance Goals are met or exceeded, the Board of Directors shall certify that fact in writing and certify the number of Performance Shares earned or the amount of cash payment to be made under the terms of the Performance-based Award. 
 
 (d) Maximum Awards. No participant may receive in any fiscal year Stock Performance Awards under which the aggregate amount payable under the Awards exceeds the equivalent of 50,000 shares of Common Stock or Dollar Performance Awards under which the aggregate amount payable under the Awards exceeds 1,000,000. 
 
 (e) Tax Withholding. Each participant who has received Performance Shares shall, upon notification of the amount due, pay to the Company in cash or by check amounts necessary to satisfy any applicable federal, state and local tax withholding requirements. If the participant fails to pay the amount demanded, the Company or the Employer may withhold that amount from other amounts payable to the participant, including salary, subject to applicable law. With the consent of the Board of Directors, a participant may satisfy this obligation, in whole or in part, by instructing the Company to withhold from any shares to be received or by delivering to the Company other shares of Common Stock provided, however, that the number of shares so delivered or withheld shall not exceed the minimum amount necessary to satisfy the required tax withholding obligation. 
 
 (f) Effect on Shares Available. The payment of a Performance-based Award in cash shall not reduce the number of shares of Common Stock reserved for award under the Plan. The number of shares of Common Stock reserved for award under the Plan shall be reduced by the number of shares delivered to the participant upon payment of an award, less the number of shares delivered or withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations provided, however, that effective for shares delivered on and after January 1, 2017, the adjustment for shares withheld or delivered to satisfy tax withholding obligations shall no longer apply. 
 
 9. Changes in Capital Structure. If the outstanding Common Stock of the Company is hereafter increased or decreased or changed into or exchanged for a different number or kind of shares or other securities of the Company by reason of any stock split, combination of shares or dividend payable in shares, recapitalization or reclassification, appropriate adjustment shall be made by the Board of Directors in the number and kind of shares available for grants under the Plan. In addition, the Board of Directors shall make appropriate adjustment in the number and kind of shares subject to outstanding awards, and in the exercise price of outstanding options, so that the recipient s proportionate interest before and after the occurrence of the event is maintained. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board of Directors shall have no obligation to effect any adjustment that would or might result in the award of fractional shares, and any fractional shares resulting from any adjustment may be disregarded or provided for in any manner determined by the Board of Directors. Any such adjustments made by the Board of Directors shall be conclusive. 
 
 10. Amendment of Plan . The Board of Directors may at any time, and from time to time, modify or amend the Plan in such respects as it shall deem advisable because of changes in the law while the Plan is in effect or for any other reason. Except as provided in Section 9, however, no change in an award already granted shall be made without the written consent of the holder of such award. 
 
 11. Approvals . The obligations of the Company under the Plan are subject to the approval of state and federal authorities or agencies with jurisdiction in the matter. The Company will use its best efforts to take steps required by state or federal law or applicable regulations, including rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and any stock exchange on which the Company s shares may then be listed, in connection with the grants under the Plan. The foregoing notwithstanding, the Company shall not be obligated to issue or deliver Common Stock under the Plan if such issuance or delivery would violate applicable state or federal securities laws. 
 
 5 

12. Employment and Service Rights . Nothing in the Plan or any award pursuant to the Plan shall (i) confer upon any employee any right to be continued in the employment of the Company or any subsidiary or interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any subsidiary by whom such employee is employed to terminate such employee s employment at any time, for any reason, with or without cause, or to decrease such employee s compensation or benefits, or (ii) confer upon any person engaged by the Company any right to be retained or employed by the Company or to the continuation, extension, renewal, or modification of any compensation, contract, or arrangement with or by the Company. 
 
 13. Rights as a Shareholder . The recipient of any award under the Plan shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect to any Common Stock until the date the recipient becomes the holder of record of those shares. Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, no adjustment shall be made for dividends or other rights for which the record date occurs prior to the date the recipient becomes the holder of record. 
 6 

</EX-10.S>

<EX-10.W>
 9
 ex10w2023formofamendmentto.htm
 EX-10.W

Document 
 Exhibit 10w 

 AMENDMENT TO PERFORMANCE SHARE LONG TERM INCENTIVE AGREEMENT 
 
 The Performance Share Long Term Incentive Agreement between Northwest Natural Holding Company, an Oregon corporation (the Company ), and ________ Recipient dated February ___, 202_ (the Agreement is hereby amended by this amendment (the Amendment as follows 
 
 1. Section 3.3 of the Agreement is amended to read in its entirety as follows 
 
 3.3 CIC Acceleration. 
 
 (a) If Recipient is a party to a Change in Control Severance Agreement with the Company or a parent or subsidiary of the Company, Recipient shall immediately be paid the Target Share Amount if Recipient becomes entitled to a Change in Control Severance Benefit (as defined below). Change in Control Severance Benefit means the severance benefit provided for in Recipient s Change in Control Severance Agreement with the Company or a parent or subsidiary of the Company provided, however, that such severance benefit is a Change in Control Severance Benefit for purposes of this Agreement only if, under the terms of Recipient s Change in Control Severance Agreement, Recipient becomes entitled to the severance benefit (i) after a Change in Control of the Company has occurred, (ii) because Recipient s employment with the Employer has been terminated by Recipient for good reason in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Change in Control Severance Agreement or by the Employer other than for cause, and (iii) because Recipient has satisfied any other conditions or requirements specified in the Change in Control Severance Agreement and necessary for Recipient to become entitled to receive the severance benefit. For purposes of this Section 3.3(a), the terms change in control, good reason, cause and disability shall have the meanings set forth in Recipient s Change in Control Severance Agreement. 
 (b) If Recipient is not a party to a Change in Control Severance Agreement with the Company or a parent or subsidiary of the Company, Recipient shall immediately be paid the Target Share Amount if a Change in Control (as defined in Section 3.7 below) occurs and at any time after the earlier of Shareholder Approval (as defined in Section 3.8 below), if any, or the Change in Control and on or before the second anniversary of the Change in Control, (i) Recipient s employment is terminated by the Employer (or its successor) without Cause (as defined in Section 3.6 below), or (b) Recipient s employment is terminated by Recipient for Good Reason (as defined in Section 3.9 below). 
 2. Section 3.7(c) is amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows 
 
 (c) Any person (as such term is used in Section 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, other than the Company or any employee benefit plan sponsored by the Company or NW Natural) shall, as a result of a tender or exchange offer, open market purchases or privately negotiated purchases from anyone other than the Company, have become the beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), directly or indirectly, of Voting Securities representing twenty percent (20 or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding Voting Securities, but disregarding any Voting Securities with respect to which that acquirer has filed SEC Schedule 13G indicating that the Voting Securities were not acquired and are not held for the purpose of or with the effect of changing or influencing, directly or indirectly, the Company s management or policies, unless and until that entity or person files SEC Schedule 13D, at which point this exception will not apply to such Voting Securities, including those previously subject to a SEC Schedule 13G filing. 

3. A new Section 9.4 is added to read in its entirety as follows 
 
 9.4 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if after the date of this Agreement the Company adopts a claw-back or similar policy, that policy as in effect at time the malfeasance is discovered by the Company triggering a claw-back shall supersede Sections 9.1 through 9.3 and shall be binding on Recipient. 
 4. A new Section 13 is added to read in its entirety as follows 
 
 13. Section 409A . 
 13.1 The intent of the parties is that payments and benefits under this Agreement comply with Section 409A of the Code Section 409A ), to the extent subject thereto, or otherwise be exempt from Section 409A, and accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be interpreted and administered to be exempt from or in compliance therewith. Each amount to be paid or benefit to be provided under this Agreement shall be construed as a separate and distinct payment for purposes of Section 409A. Without limiting the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, to the extent required to avoid accelerated taxation and or tax penalties under Section 409A 
 (a) Recipient shall not be considered to have terminated employment with the Company for purposes of any payments under this Agreement which are subject to Section 409A until Recipient would be considered to have incurred a separation from service from the Company within the meaning of Section 409A 
 (b) Amounts that would otherwise be payable and benefits that would otherwise be provided pursuant to this Agreement or any other arrangement between Recipient and the Company during the six (6) month period immediately following Recipient s separation from service shall instead be paid on the first business day after the date that is six (6) months following Recipient s separation from service (or, if earlier, Recipient s date of death) 
 (c) Any payment that will be in compliance with Section 409A only if payable under designations permitted by Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-3(c), or only if payable upon termination of a deferred compensation plan pursuant to Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-3(j)(iv), shall be made only in compliance with such regulations 
 (d) Any payment that will be in compliance with Section 409A only if payable upon a change in control event within the meaning Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) shall be made only in compliance with such regulation and 
 (e) If any severance amount payable under any other agreement that Recipient may have a right or entitlement to as of the date of this Agreement constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A, then the portion of the benefits payable hereunder equal to such other amount shall instead be provided in the form set forth in such other agreement. 
 13.2 The Company makes no representation that any or all of the payments described in this Agreement will be exempt from or comply with Section 409A and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A from applying to any such payment. Recipient understands and agrees that Recipient shall be solely responsible for the payment of any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses incurred by Recipient on account of non-compliance with Section 409A. 
 5. Except as otherwise provided herein, all other provisions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
 2 

Dated as of February __, 2023. 
 
 NORTHWEST NATURAL 
 RECIPIENT 
 HOLDING COMPANY 
 
 By _____________ 
 _____________ 
 
 3 

</EX-10.W>

<EX-10.X>
 10
 ex10xperformancesharelongt.htm
 EX-10.X

Document 
 Exhibit 10x 

 PERFORMANCE SHARE LONG TERM INCENTIVE AGREEMENT 
 This Agreement is entered into as of February __, 2023, between Northwest Natural Holding Company, an Oregon corporation (the Company ), and ____________ Recipient ). 
 On February 22, 2023, the Organization and Executive Compensation Committee (the Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board authorized a performance-based stock award (the Award to Recipient pursuant to Section 6 of the Company s Long Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ). Recipient desires to accept the Award subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Award . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company shall issue or otherwise deliver to the Recipient the number of shares of Common Stock of the Company (the Performance Shares determined under this Agreement based on (a) the performance of the Company during the three-year period from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2025 (the Award Period as described in Section 2 and (b) Recipient s continued employment during the Award Period as described in Section 3. If the Company issues or otherwise delivers Performance Shares to Recipient, the Company shall also pay to Recipient the amount of cash determined under Section 4 (the Dividend Equivalent Cash Award ). Recipient s Target Share Amount for purposes of this Agreement is __________ shares. 
 2. Performance Conditions . 
 2.1 Payout Factor . Subject to possible reduction under Section 3, the number of Performance Shares to be issued or otherwise delivered to Recipient shall be determined by multiplying the Payout Factor (as defined below) by the Target Share Amount. The Payout Factor shall be equal to (a) the TSR Modifier as determined under Section 2.2, multiplied by (b) the EPS Payout Factor as determined under Section 2.3 below provided, however, that the Payout Factor shall not be greater than 200 and the Payout Factor shall be 0 if the ROIC Performance Threshold (as defined in Section 2.4 below) is not satisfied. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Change in Control (as defined in Section 3.7) occurs before the last day of the Award Period, the Payout Factor shall be 100 . 
 2.2 TSR Modifier . 
 (a) The TSR Modifier shall be determined under the table below based on the TSR Percentile Rank (as defined below) of the Company 
 TSR Percentile Rank TSR Modifier 
 less than 25 75 
 25 to 75 100 
 more than 75 125 

(b) To determine the Company s TSR Percentile Rank, the TSR of the Company and each of the Peer Group Companies (as defined below) shall be calculated, and the Peer Group Companies shall be ranked based on their respective TSR s from lowest to highest. If the Company s TSR is equal to the TSR of any other Peer Group Company, the Company s TSR Percentile Rank shall be equal to the number of Peer Group Companies with a lower TSR divided by the number that is one less than the total number of Peer Group Companies, with the resulting amount expressed as a percentage and rounded to the nearest tenth of a percentage point. If the Company s TSR is between the TSRs of any two Peer Group Companies, the TSR Percentile Ranks of those two Peer Group Companies shall be determined 

as set forth in the preceding sentence, and the Company s TSR Percentile Rank shall be interpolated as follows. The excess of the Company s TSR over the TSR of the lower Peer Group Company shall be divided by the excess of the TSR of the higher Peer Group Company over the TSR of the lower Peer Group Company. The resulting fraction shall be multiplied by the difference between the TSR Percentile Ranks of the two Peer Group Companies. The product of that calculation shall be added to the TSR Percentile Rank of the lower Peer Group Company, and the resulting sum (rounded to the nearest tenth of a percentage point) shall be the Company s TSR Percentile Rank. The intent of this definition of TSR Percentile Rank is to produce the same result as calculated using the PERCENTRANK function in Microsoft Excel to determine the rank of the Company s TSR within the array consisting of the TSRs of the Peer Group Companies. 
 (c) The Peer Group Companies consist of those companies set forth on Exhibit A that continue to have publicly-traded common stock through December 31, 2025. 
 (d) The TSR for the Company and each Peer Group Company shall be calculated by (1) assuming that 100 is invested in the common stock of the company at a price equal to the average of the closing market prices of the stock for the period from October 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022, (2) assuming that for each dividend paid on the stock during the Award Period, the amount equal to the dividend paid on the assumed number of shares held is reinvested in additional shares at a price equal to the closing market price of the stock on the ex-dividend date for the dividend, and (3) determining the final dollar value of the total assumed number of shares based on the average of the closing market prices of the stock for the period from October 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025. The TSR shall then equal the amount determined by subtracting 100 from the foregoing final dollar value, dividing the result by 100 and expressing the resulting fraction as a percentage. 
 (e) If during the Award Period any Peer Group Company enters into an agreement pursuant to which all or substantially all of the stock or assets of the Peer Group Company will be acquired by a third party (a Signed Acquisition ), and if the Signed Acquisition is not completed by the end of the Award Period, then that company shall not be a Peer Group Company. If a Signed Acquisition of a Peer Group Company is terminated (other than in connection with the execution of another Signed Acquisition) before the end of the Award Period, then that company shall remain a Peer Group Company, and the TSR for that Peer Group Company shall be calculated as provided in Section 2.2(d), except that if the announcement of the termination of the Signed Acquisition occurs during the last three months of the Award Period, for purposes of determining the final dollar value under clause (3) of Section 2.2(d), the three-month period for which closing market prices are averaged shall be shortened to exclude any trading days preceding the announcement of the termination of the Signed Acquisition. 
 2.3 EPS Payout Factor . 
 (a) The EPS Payout Factor shall be determined under the table below based on the Cumulative EPS Achievement Percentage (as defined below) achieved by the Company for the Award Period 
 2 

Cumulative EPS Achievement Percentage 
 EPS Payout Factor 
 
 less than 93 0 
 93 40 
 100 100 
 105 or more 185 

If the Company s Cumulative EPS Achievement Percentage is between any two data points set forth in the first column of the above table, the EPS Payout Factor shall be interpolated as follows. The excess of the Company s Cumulative EPS Achievement Percentage over the Cumulative EPS Achievement Percentage of the lower data point shall be divided by the excess of the Cumulative EPS Achievement Percentage of the higher data point over the Cumulative EPS Achievement Percentage of the lower data point. The resulting fraction shall be multiplied by the difference between the EPS Payout Factors in the above table corresponding to the two data points. The product of that calculation shall be rounded to the nearest hundredth of a percentage point and then added to the EPS Payout Factor in the above table corresponding to the lower data point, and the resulting sum shall be the EPS Payout Factor. 
 (b) The Company s Cumulative EPS Achievement Percentage for the Award Period shall equal the Cumulative EPS (as defined below) divided by the Cumulative EPS Target (as defined below), expressed as a percentage and rounded to the nearest tenth of a percentage point. 
 (c) The Company s Cumulative EPS for the Award Period shall equal the sum of the Company s diluted earnings per share of common stock EPS for each of the three years in the Award Period. Subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 2.5 below, the Company s diluted earnings per share of common stock for any year shall be as set forth in the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries for that year. After giving effect to any adjustments required by Section 2.5, the EPS for each year shall be rounded to the nearest penny. 
 (d) The Company s Cumulative EPS Target for the Award Period shall equal the sum of the EPS targets approved by the Committee for each of the three years in the Award Period. The EPS target for the first year of the Award Period as approved by the Committee is ____. Within the first 90 days of the second year of the Award Period, the Committee shall approve the EPS target for that year. Within the first 90 days of the third year of the Award Period, the Committee shall approve the EPS target for that year. 
 2.4 ROIC Performance Threshold . 
 (a) For purposes of this Agreement, the ROIC Performance Threshold shall be satisfied if the Company s Average ROIC (as defined below) for the Award Period is greater than or equal to ___ . 
 (b) The Company s Average ROIC for the Award Period shall equal the simple average of the Company s ROIC (as defined below) for each of the three years in the Award Period, rounded to the nearest hundredth of a percentage point. The Company s ROIC for any year shall be calculated by dividing the Company s Adjusted Net Income (as defined below) for the year by the Company s Average Long Term Capital (as defined below) for the year, and rounding the result to the nearest hundredth of a percentage point. Subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 2.5 below, the Company s Adjusted Net Income for any 
 3 

year shall be equal to the Company s net income for the year, increased by the Company s interest expense, net for the year and reduced by the Company s interest income (including net interest on deferred regulatory accounts) for the year, in each case as set forth in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for that year. Average Long Term Capital for any year shall mean the average of the Company s Long Term Capital (as defined below) as of the last day of the year and the Company s Long Term Capital as of the last day of the prior year. Subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 2.5 below, Long Term Capital as of any date shall equal the sum of the Company s total shareholders equity as of that date and the Company s long-term debt (including current maturities) as of that date, in each case as set forth on the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of that date. 
 2.5 EPS and ROIC Adjustments . The Committee may, at any time, approve adjustments to the calculation of Cumulative EPS and or Average ROIC to take into account such unanticipated circumstances or significant, non-recurring or unplanned events as the Committee may determine in its sole discretion, and such adjustments may increase or decrease Cumulative EPS and or Average ROIC. Possible circumstances that may be the basis for adjustments shall include, but not be limited to, any change in applicable accounting rules or principles any gain or loss on the disposition of a business impairment of assets dilution caused by Board approved business acquisition tax changes and tax impacts of other changes changes in applicable laws and regulations changes in rate case timing changes in the Company s structure and any other circumstances outside of management s control. 
 3. Employment Condition . 
 3.1 Except as provided in Sections 3.2, 3.3 or 7.2, in order to receive a payout of Performance Shares, Recipient must be employed by the Company or any parent or subsidiary of the Company (the Employer on the last day of the Award Period. 
 3.2 If Recipient s employment by the Employer is terminated at any time prior to the end of the Award Period because of death, physical disability (within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder (the Code )), or Retirement (unless such Retirement results from a termination of Recipient s employment by the Employer for Cause), Recipient shall be entitled to receive a pro-rated award. The number of Performance Shares to be issued or otherwise delivered as a pro-rated award under this Section 3.2 shall be determined by multiplying the number of Performance Shares determined under Section 2 by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days Recipient was employed by Employer during the Award Period and the denominator of which is the number of days in the Award Period. If Recipient s employment by the Employer terminates because of Retirement, death or physical disability and a Change in Control subsequently occurs before the end of the Award Period, the number of Performance Shares determined under Section 3.3 shall immediately be paid to Recipient. If a Change in Control occurs and Recipient s employment by the Employer subsequently terminates before the end of the Award Period because of Retirement, death or physical disability, the number of Performance Shares determined under Section 3.3 shall immediately be paid to Recipient. 
 3.3 CIC Acceleration . 
 (a) If Recipient is a party to a Change in Control Severance Agreement with the Company or a parent or subsidiary of the Company, Recipient shall immediately be paid the Target Share Amount if Recipient becomes entitled to a Change in Control Severance Benefit (as defined below). A Change in Control Severance Benefit means the severance benefit provided for in Recipient s Change in Control Severance Agreement with the Company or a parent or subsidiary of the Company provided, however, that such severance benefit is a Change in Control Severance Benefit for purposes of this Agreement only if, under 
 4 

the terms of Recipient s Change in Control Severance Agreement, Recipient becomes entitled to the severance benefit (i) after a Change in Control of the Company has occurred, (ii) because Recipient s employment with the Employer has been terminated by Recipient for good reason in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Change in Control Severance Agreement or by the Employer other than for cause, and (iii) because Recipient has satisfied any other conditions or requirements specified in the Change in Control Severance Agreement and necessary for Recipient to become entitled to receive the severance benefit. For purposes of this Section 3.3(a), the terms change in control, good reason, cause and disability shall have the meanings set forth in Recipient s Change in Control Severance Agreement. 
 (b) If Recipient is not a party to a Change in Control Severance Agreement with the Company or a parent or subsidiary of the Company, Recipient shall immediately be paid the Target Share Amount if a Change in Control (as defined in Section 3.7 below) occurs and at any time after the earlier of Shareholder Approval (as defined in Section 3.8 below), if any, or the Change in Control and on or before the second anniversary of the Change in Control, (i) Recipient s employment is terminated by the Employer (or its successor) without Cause (as defined in Section 3.6 below), or (b) Recipient s employment is terminated by Recipient for Good Reason (as defined in Section 3.9 below). 
 3.4 If Recipient s employment by the Employer is terminated at any time prior to the end of the Award Period and Section 3.2, 3.3 or 7.2 does not apply to such termination, Recipient shall not be entitled to receive any Performance Shares. 
 3.5 Retirement shall mean termination of employment (a) on or after the first anniversary of the date of this Agreement, and (b) after Recipient is age 55 with age plus years of service (including fractions) as an employee of the Company or a parent or subsidiary of the Company totaling at least 70. 
 3.6 Cause shall mean (a) the willful and continued failure by Recipient to perform substantially Recipient s assigned duties with the Employer (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness) after a demand for substantial performance is delivered to Recipient by the Employer which specifically identifies the manner in which Recipient has not substantially performed such duties, (b) willful commission by Recipient of an act of fraud or dishonesty resulting in economic or financial injury to the Company or Employer, (c) willful misconduct by Recipient that substantially impairs the business or reputation of the Company or Employer, or (d) willful gross negligence by Recipient in the performance of his or her duties. 
 3.7 For purposes of this Agreement, a Change in Control of the Company shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events 
 (a) The consummation of 
 (1) any consolidation, merger or plan of share exchange involving the Company (a Merger as a result of which the holders of outstanding securities of the Company ordinarily having the right to vote for the election of directors Voting Securities immediately prior to the Merger do not continue to hold at least 50 of the combined voting power of the outstanding Voting Securities of the surviving corporation or a parent corporation of the surviving corporation immediately after the Merger, disregarding any Voting Securities issued to or retained by such holders in respect of securities of any other party to the Merger or 
 (2) any consolidation, merger, plan of share exchange or other transaction involving Northwest Natural Gas Company NW Natural as a result of which the 
 5 

Company does not continue to hold, directly or indirectly, at least 50 of the outstanding securities of NW Natural ordinarily having the right to vote for the election of directors or 
 (3) any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all, or substantially all, the assets of the Company or NW Natural 
 (b) At any time during a period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the Board Incumbent Directors shall cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof provided, however, that the term Incumbent Director shall also include each new director elected during such two-year period whose nomination or election was approved by two-thirds of the Incumbent Directors then in office or 
 (c) Any person (as such term is used in Section 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, other than the Company or any employee benefit plan sponsored by the Company or NW Natural) shall, as a result of a tender or exchange offer, open market purchases or privately negotiated purchases from anyone other than the Company, have become the beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), directly or indirectly, of Voting Securities representing twenty percent (20 or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding Voting Securities, but disregarding any Voting Securities with respect to which that acquirer has filed SEC Schedule 13G indicating that the Voting Securities were not acquired and are not held for the purpose of or with the effect of changing or influencing, directly or indirectly, the Company s management or policies, unless and until that entity or person files SEC Schedule 13D, at which point this exception will not apply to such Voting Securities, including those previously subject to a SEC Schedule 13G filing. 
 3.8 For purposes of this Agreement, Shareholder Approval shall be deemed to have occurred if the shareholders of the Company approve an agreement entered into by the Company, the consummation of which would result in the occurrence of a Change in Control. 
 3.9 For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean the occurrence after Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control, of any of the following circumstances, but only if (x) Recipient gives notice to Employer of Recipient s intent to terminate employment for Good Reason within 30 days after the later of (1) notice to Recipient of such circumstances, or (2) the Change in Control, and (y) such circumstances are not fully corrected by the Employer within 90 days after Recipient s notice 
 (a) the assignment to Recipient of a different title, job or responsibilities that results in a decrease in the level of Recipient s responsibility provided that Good Reason shall not exist if Recipient continues to have the same or a greater general level of responsibility for the former Employer operations after the Change in Control as Recipient had prior to the Change in Control even though such responsibilities have necessarily changed due to the former Employer operations becoming a subsidiary or division of the surviving company 
 (b) a reduction by the Employer in Recipient s base salary as in effect immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control 
 (c) the failure by Employer to continue in effect any employee benefit or incentive plan in which Recipient is participating immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control (or plans providing Recipient with at least substantially similar benefits) other than as a result of the normal expiration of any such plan in accordance with its terms as in effect immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control, or the taking of any action, or the failure to 
 6 

act, by Employer which would adversely affect Recipient s continued participation in any of such plans on at least as favorable a basis to Recipient as is the case immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control or which would materially reduce Recipient s benefits in the future under any of such plans or deprive Recipient of any material benefit enjoyed by Recipient immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control 
 (d) the failure by the Employer to provide and credit Recipient with the number of paid vacation days to which Recipient is then entitled in accordance with the Employer s normal vacation policy as in effect immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control or 
 (e) the Employer s requiring Recipient to be based more than 25 miles from where Recipient s office is located immediately prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control except for required travel on the Employer s business to an extent substantially consistent with the business travel obligations which Recipient undertook on behalf of the Employer prior to the earlier of Shareholder Approval, if applicable, or the Change in Control. 
 4. Dividend Equivalent Cash Award . The amount of the Dividend Equivalent Cash Award shall be determined by multiplying the number of Performance Shares deliverable to Recipient as determined under Sections 2 and 3 by the total amount of dividends paid per share of the Company s Common Stock for which the dividend record date occurred after the beginning of the Award Period and before the date of delivery of the Performance Shares. 
 5. Certification and Payment . At the regularly scheduled meeting of the Committee held in February of the year immediately following the final year of the Award Period (the Certification Meeting ), the Committee shall review the Company s results for the Award Period. Prior to the Certification Meeting, the Company shall calculate the number of Performance Shares deliverable and the amount of the Dividend Equivalent Cash Award payable to Recipient, and shall submit these calculations to the Committee. At or prior to the Certification Meeting, the Committee shall certify in writing (which may consist of approved minutes of the Certification Meeting) the number of Performance Shares deliverable to Recipient and the amount of the Dividend Equivalent Cash Award payable to Recipient. Subject to applicable tax withholding, the amounts so certified shall be delivered or paid (as applicable) on a date (the Payment Date that is the later of March 1, 2026 or five business days following the Certification Meeting, and no amounts shall be delivered or paid prior to certification. No fractional shares shall be delivered and the number of Performance Shares deliverable shall be rounded to the nearest whole share. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Recipient shall have made a valid election to defer receipt of Performance Shares or the Dividend Equivalent Cash Award pursuant to the terms of Northwest Natural s Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors and Executives (the DCP ), payment of the award shall be made in accordance with that election. 
 6. Tax Withholding . Recipient acknowledges that, on the Payment Date when the Performance Shares are issued or otherwise delivered to Recipient, the Value (as defined below) on that date of the Performance Shares (as well as the amount of the Dividend Equivalent Cash Award) will be treated as ordinary compensation income for federal and state income and FICA tax purposes, and that the Employer will be required to withhold taxes on these income amounts. To satisfy the required withholding amount, the Employer shall first withhold all or part of the Dividend Equivalent Cash Award, and if that is insufficient, the Employer shall withhold the number of Performance Shares having a Value equal to the remaining withholding amount. For purposes of this Section 6, the Value of a Performance Share shall be equal to the closing market price for Company Common Stock on the last trading day preceding the date on which the Share is treated for federal income tax purposes as transferred to Recipient. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Recipient may elect not to have Performance Shares withheld to cover taxes by 
 7 

giving notice to the Company in writing prior to the Payment Date, in which case the Performance Shares shall be issued or acquired in the Recipient s name on the Payment Date thereby triggering the tax consequences, but the Company shall retain the certificate for the Performance Shares as security until Recipient shall have paid to the Company in cash any required tax withholding not covered by withholding of the Dividend Equivalent Cash Award. If the Employer is required to withhold FICA taxes with respect to the Performance Shares prior to the time the shares underlying the Performance Shares otherwise become payable, Recipient shall, immediately upon notification of the amount due, pay to the Company in cash or by check amounts necessary to satisfy applicable FICA withholding requirements. If Recipient fails to pay the amount demanded, the Company may withhold that amount from other amounts payable to Recipient, including salary, subject to applicable law. Alternatively, the Employer may, in its sole discretion, choose to treat the FICA withholding as a loan to Recipient on terms determined by the Employer and communicated to Recipient. 
 7. Sale of the Company . If there shall occur before the Payment Date a merger, consolidation or plan of exchange involving the Company pursuant to which the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company are converted into cash or other stock, securities or property, or a sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all, or substantially all, the assets of the Company (either, a Company Sale ), then either 
 7.1 the unvested Performance Shares shall be converted into restricted stock units for stock of the surviving or acquiring corporation in the applicable transaction using the exchange rate, if any, used in determining shares of the surviving corporation to be held by the former holders of the Company s Common Stock following the applicable transaction, or, if there was no exchange rate, taking into account the relative values of the companies involved in the applicable transaction, and disregarding fractional shares with the amount and type of shares subject thereto to be conclusively determined by the Committee or 
 7.2 a pro rata number of Performance Shares and the related dividend equivalent cash payment shall be delivered simultaneously with the closing of the applicable transaction such that Recipient will participate as a shareholder in receiving proceeds from such transaction with respect to those shares. The number of Performance Shares to be delivered as a pro-rated award under this Section 7.2 shall be determined by multiplying the Target Share Amount by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days of the Award Period elapsed prior to the closing of the transaction and the denominator of which is the number of days in the Award Period. 
 8. Changes in Capital Structure . If the outstanding Common Stock of the Company is hereafter increased or decreased or changed into or exchanged for a different number or kind of shares or other securities of the Company by reason of any stock split, combination of shares or dividend payable in shares, recapitalization or reclassification, appropriate adjustment shall be made by the Committee in the number and kind of shares subject to this Agreement so that the Recipient s proportionate interest before and after the occurrence of the event is maintained. 
 9. Recoupment On Misconduct . 
 9.1 If at any time before a Change in Control and within three years after the Payment Date, the Committee determines that Recipient engaged in any Misconduct (as defined below) during the Award Period that contributed to an obligation to restate the Company s financial statements for any quarter or year in the Award Period or that otherwise has had (or will have when publicly disclosed) an adverse impact on the Company s common stock price, Recipient shall repay to the Company the Excess LTIP Compensation (as defined below). The term Excess LTIP Compensation means the excess of (a) the number of Performance Shares and the amount of the Dividend Equivalent Cash Award as originally calculated and certified 
 8 

under Section 5 of this Agreement, over (b) the number of Performance Shares and the amount of the Dividend Equivalent Cash Award as recalculated (1) for the TSR Modifier, assuming that the average of the closing market prices of the Company s common stock for the period from October 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025 was an amount determined appropriate by the Committee in its discretion to reflect what the Company s common stock price would have been if the restatement had occurred or other Misconduct had been disclosed prior to October 1, 2025, and (2) for the EPS Payout Factor and the ROIC Performance Threshold, based on the Company s financial statements for all years of the Award Period as restated. The Committee may, in its sole discretion, reduce the amount of Excess LTIP Compensation to be repaid by Recipient to take into account the tax consequences of such repayment or any other factors. If any Performance Shares included in the Excess LTIP Compensation are sold by Recipient prior to the Company s demand for repayment (including any shares withheld for taxes under Section 6 of this Agreement), Recipient shall repay to the Company 100 of the proceeds of such sale or sales. The return of Excess LTIP Compensation is in addition to and separate from any other relief available to the Company due to Recipient s Misconduct. 
 9.2 Misconduct shall mean (a) willful commission by Recipient of an act of fraud or dishonesty resulting in economic or financial injury to the Company, (b) willful misconduct by Recipient that substantially impairs the Company s business or reputation, or (c) willful gross negligence by Recipient in the performance of his or her duties. 
 9.3 If any portion of the Performance Shares or the Dividend Equivalent Cash Award was deferred under the DCP, the Excess LTIP Compensation shall first be recovered by canceling all or a portion of the amounts so deferred under the DCP and any dividends or other earnings credited under the DCP with respect to such cancelled amounts. The Company may seek direct repayment from Recipient of any Excess LTIP Compensation not so recovered and may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, offset such Excess LTIP Compensation against any compensation or other amounts owed by the Company to Recipient. In particular, Excess LTIP Compensation may be recovered by offset against the after-tax proceeds of deferred compensation payouts under the DCP, Northwest Natural s Executive Supplemental Retirement Income Plan or Northwest Natural s Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan at the times such deferred compensation payouts occur under the terms of those plans. Excess LTIP Compensation that remains unpaid for more than 60 days after demand by the Company shall accrue interest at the rate used from time to time for crediting interest under the DCP. 
 9.4 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if after the date of this Agreement the Company adopts a claw-back or similar policy, that policy as in effect at time the malfeasance is discovered by the Company triggering a claw-back shall supersede Sections 9.1 through 9.3 and shall be binding on Recipient. 
 10. Approvals . The obligations of the Company under this Agreement are subject to the approval of state and federal authorities or agencies with jurisdiction in the matter. The Company will use its best efforts to take steps required by state or federal law or applicable regulations, including rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and any stock exchange on which the Company s shares may then be listed, in connection with the award under this Agreement. The foregoing notwithstanding, the Company shall not be obligated to issue or deliver Common Stock under this Agreement if such issuance or delivery would violate applicable state or federal law. 
 11. No Right to Employment . Nothing contained in this Agreement shall confer upon Recipient any right to be employed by the Employer or to continue to provide services to the Employer or to interfere in any way with the right of the Employer to terminate Recipient s services at any time for any reason, with or without cause. 
 9 

12. Miscellaneous . 
 12.1 Entire Agreement Amendment . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with regard to the subjects hereof and may be amended only by written agreement between the Company and Recipient. 
 12.2 Notices . Any notice required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally to the party to whom it is addressed or when deposited into the United States Mail as registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the Company, Attention Corporate Secretary, at 250 SW Taylor Street, Portland, Oregon 97204 or to Employer, Attention Corporate Secretary, at its principal executive offices, or to Recipient at the address of Recipient in the Company s records, or at such other address as such party may designate by ten (10) days advance written notice to the other party. 
 12.3 Assignment Rights and Benefits . Recipient shall not assign this Agreement or any rights hereunder to any other party or parties without the prior written consent of the Company. The rights and benefits of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Company s successors and assigns and, subject to the foregoing restriction on assignment, be binding upon Recipient s heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. 
 12.4 Further Action . The parties agree to execute such further instruments and to take such further action as may reasonably be necessary to carry out the intent of this Agreement. 
 12.5 Applicable Law Attorneys Fees . The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Oregon. In the event either party institutes litigation hereunder, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable attorneys fees to be set by the trial court and, upon any appeal, the appellate court. 
 12.6 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original. 
 13. Section 409A . 
 13.1 The intent of the parties is that payments and benefits under this Agreement comply with Section 409A of the Code Section 409A ), to the extent subject thereto, or otherwise be exempt from Section 409A, and accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be interpreted and administered to be exempt from or in compliance therewith. Each amount to be paid or benefit to be provided under this Agreement shall be construed as a separate and distinct payment for purposes of Section 409A. Without limiting the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, to the extent required to avoid accelerated taxation and or tax penalties under Section 409A 
 (a) Recipient shall not be considered to have terminated employment with the Company for purposes of any payments under this Agreement which are subject to Section 409A until Recipient would be considered to have incurred a separation from service from the Company within the meaning of Section 409A 
 (b) Amounts that would otherwise be payable and benefits that would otherwise be provided pursuant to this Agreement or any other arrangement between Recipient and the Company during the six (6) month period immediately following Recipient s separation from service shall instead be paid on the first business day after the date that is six (6) months following Recipient s separation from service (or, if earlier, Recipient s date of death) 
 10 

(c) Any payment that will be in compliance with Section 409A only if payable under designations permitted by Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-3(c), or only if payable upon termination of a deferred compensation plan pursuant to Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-3(j)(iv), shall be made only in compliance with such regulations 
 (d) Any payment that will be in compliance with Section 409A only if payable upon a change in control event within the meaning Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) shall be made only in compliance with such regulation and 
 (e) If any severance amount payable under any other agreement that Recipient may have a right or entitlement to as of the date of this Agreement constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A, then the portion of the benefits payable hereunder equal to such other amount shall instead be provided in the form set forth in such other agreement. 
 13.2 The Company makes no representation that any or all of the payments described in this Agreement will be exempt from or comply with Section 409A and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A from applying to any such payment. Recipient understands and agrees that Recipient shall be solely responsible for the payment of any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses incurred by Recipient on account of non-compliance with Section 409A. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 NORTHWEST NATURAL HOLDING COMPANY 
 
 By 
 Title 
 RECIPIENT 
 
 11 

EXHIBIT A 
 Peer Group Companies 
 
 Atmos Energy Corporation 
 ONE Gas, Inc. 
 South Jersey Industries, Inc. 
 Spire Inc. 
 Southwest Gas Holdings, Inc. 
 NiSource Inc. 
 New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Avista Corporation 
 Black Hills Corporation 
 MGE Energy, Inc. 
 NorthWestern Corporation 
 Unitil Corporation 
 
 12 

</EX-10.X>

<EX-21.1>
 11
 ex2112312022.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF NORTHWEST NATURAL HOLDING COMPANY 
 an Oregon Corporation 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction Organized Northwest Natural Gas Company (dba NW Natural) Oregon Northwest Energy Corporation (1) 
 Oregon NWN Gas Reserves LLC (1) 
 Oregon NW Natural RNG Holding Company, LLC (1) 
 Oregon Lexington Renewable Energy LLC (1) 
 Delaware Dakota City Renewable Energy LLC (1) 
 Delaware NW Natural Energy, LLC Oregon NW Natural Gas Storage, LLC Oregon NNG Financial Corporation Oregon Northwest Biogas, LLC Oregon KB Pipeline Company Oregon NW Natural Water Company, LLC Oregon Salmon Valley Water Company Oregon NW Natural Water of Oregon, LLC Oregon Sunstone Water, LLC Oregon Sunstone Infrastructure, LLC Oregon Sunriver Water LLC Oregon Sunriver Environmental LLC Oregon Avion Water Company, Inc. Oregon NW Natural Renewables Holdings, LLC Oregon NW Natural Ohio Renewable Energy, LLC Oregon NW Natural Water of Washington, LLC Washington 

EXHIBIT 21 

 Cascadia Water, LLC Washington Cascadia Infrastructure, LLC Washington Suncadia Water Company, LLC Washington Suncadia Environmental Company, LLC Washington NW Natural Water of Idaho, LLC Idaho Falls Water Co., Inc. Idaho Gem State Water Company, LLC Idaho Gem State Infrastructure, LLC Idaho NW Natural Water of Texas, LLC Texas Blue Topaz Water, LLC Texas Blue Topaz Infrastructure, LLC Texas T & W Water Service Company (dba Blue Topaz Utilities) Texas NW Natural Water of Arizona, LLC Oregon Foothills Water & Sewer, LLC (dba Foothills Utilities) Arizona Turquoise Infrastructure, LLC Oregon NW Natural Water of California, LLC Oregon Blue Diamond Water Company, LLC California Blue Diamond Infrastructure, LLC Oregon NW Natural Water Services, LLC Oregon 
 (1) Subsidiary of Northwest Natural Gas Company 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.A>
 12
 ex23a2022consentofpublicac.htm
 EX-23.A

Document 
 EXHIBIT 23a 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-187005-01, 333-180350-01, 333-134973-01, 333-139819-01, 333-221347-01, 333-227687, 333-234539, and 333-266517) and Form S-3 (No. 333-258792) of Northwest Natural Holding Company of our report dated February 24, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedules and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Portland, Oregon 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.A>

<EX-23.B>
 13
 ex23b2022consentofpublicac.htm
 EX-23.B

Document 
 EXHIBIT 23b 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-214425) and Form S-3 (No. 333-258792-01) of Northwest Natural Gas Company of our report dated February 24, 2023 relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedule which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Portland, Oregon 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.B>

<EX-31.1>
 14
 ex311q42022_ceo.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 

I, David H. Anderson, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Northwest Natural Gas Company 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 24, 2023 
 
 s David H. Anderson 
 David H. Anderson 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 15
 ex312q42022_cfo.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 

I, Frank H. Burkhartsmeyer, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Northwest Natural Gas Company 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 24, 2023 
 
 s Frank H. Burkhartsmeyer 
 Frank H. Burkhartsmeyer 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 16
 ex313q42022_ceo.htm
 EX-31.3

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.3 
 CERTIFICATION 

I, David H. Anderson, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Northwest Natural Holding Company 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 24, 2023 
 
 s David H. Anderson 
 David H. Anderson 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-31.4>
 17
 ex314q42022_cfo.htm
 EX-31.4

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.4 
 CERTIFICATION 

I, Frank H. Burkhartsmeyer, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Northwest Natural Holding Company 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 24, 2023 
 
 s Frank H. Burkhartsmeyer 
 Frank H. Burkhartsmeyer 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.4>

<EX-32.1>
 18
 ex321q42022_ceocfo.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 NORTHWEST NATURAL GAS COMPANY 
 Certificate Pursuant to Section 906 
 of Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Each of the undersigned, DAVID H. ANDERSON, Chief Executive Officer, and FRANK H. BURKHARTSMEYER, the Chief Financial Officer, of NORTHWEST NATURAL GAS COMPANY (the Company), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that 
 
 1. The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report) fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has caused this instrument to be executed this twenty-fourth day of February 2023. 

s David H. Anderson 
 David H. Anderson 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

s Frank H. Burkhartsmeyer 
 Frank H. Burkhartsmeyer 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to Northwest Natural Gas Company and will be retained by Northwest Natural Gas Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 19
 ex322q42022_ceocfo.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 NORTHWEST NATURAL HOLDING COMPANY 
 Certificate Pursuant to Section 906 
 of Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Each of the undersigned, DAVID H. ANDERSON, Chief Executive Officer, and FRANK H. BURKHARTSMEYER, the Chief Financial Officer, of NORTHWEST NATURAL HOLDING COMPANY (the Company), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that 
 
 1. The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report) fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has caused this instrument to be executed this twenty-fourth day of February 2023. 

s David H. Anderson 
 David H. Anderson 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

s Frank H. Burkhartsmeyer 
 Frank H. Burkhartsmeyer 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to Northwest Natural Holding Company and will be retained by Northwest Natural Holding Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 20
 nwn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 21
 nwn-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 22
 nwn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 23
 nwn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 24
 nwn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

