<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230309_10-K_edgar_data_862831_0000950170-23-007010.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>52909302</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>581197</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3781206</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>29891339</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4539120</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>12567036</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-007010.hdr.sgml : 20230309
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230309160722
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-007010
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		163
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230309
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230309

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000862831
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				160816610
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26481
		FILM NUMBER:		23719771

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		220 LIBERTY STREET
		CITY:			WARSAW
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14569
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5857861100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		220 LIBERTY STREET
		CITY:			WARSAW
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14569

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-007010.txt : 20230309

10-K
 1
 fisi-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 
 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

(Mark One) 
 
 Form 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (ZIP Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of exchange on which registered 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: NONE 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, held by non-affiliates of the registrant, as computed by reference to the June 30, 2022 closing price reported by Nasdaq, was approximately . 
 As of February 28, 2023 , there were outstanding, exclusive of treasury shares, shares of the registrant s common stock. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 
 PAGE 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 5 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 21 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 33 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 33 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 34 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 34 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 35 

Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 36 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 37 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 60 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 63 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 132 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 132 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 132 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 132 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 133 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 133 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 133 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 133 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 133 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 134 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 135 

Signatures 
 
 136 

Table of Contents 

Table of Contents 
 
 PART I 
 FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION 
 Statements and financial analysis contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are based on other than historical data are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements provide current expectations or forecasts of future events and include, among others: 
 statements with respect to the beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, guidelines, expectations, anticipations, and future financial condition, results of operations and performance of Financial Institutions, Inc. (the Parent or FII and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company, we, our, or us ); and 

statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words may, could, should, would, believe, anticipate, estimate, expect, intend, plan, projects or similar expressions. 

These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, nor should they be relied upon as representing management s views as of any subsequent date. Forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from those presented, either expressed or implied, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including, but not limited to, those presented in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Factors that might cause such material differences include, but are not limited to: 
 Fluctuations in market interest rates may affect our interest margins and income, demand for our products, defaults on loans, loan prepayments and the fair value of our financial instruments; 

Environmental, social and governance matters, and any related reporting obligations may impact our business; 

If we experience greater credit losses than anticipated, earnings may be adversely impacted; 

Geographic concentration in our loan portfolio may unfavorably impact our operations; 

Our commercial business and mortgage loans increase our exposure to credit risks; 

Our indirect and consumer lending involves risk elements in addition to normal credit risk; 

Lack of seasoning in portions of our loan portfolio could increase risk of credit defaults in the future; 

We accept deposits that do not have a fixed term, and which may be withdrawn by the customer at any time for any reason; 

We are subject to environmental liability risk associated with our lending activities; 

We operate in a highly competitive industry and market area; 

Changes to and replacement of the LIBOR Benchmark Interest Rate may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations; 

Legal and regulatory proceedings and related matters, such as the action brought by a class of consumers against us as described in Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings, could adversely affect us and the banking industry in general; 

Any future FDIC insurance premium increases may adversely affect our earnings; 

We are highly regulated, and any adverse regulatory action may result in additional costs, loss of business opportunities, and reputational damage; 

The policies of the Federal Reserve have a significant impact on our earnings; 

Our insurance brokerage subsidiary is subject to risk related to the insurance industry; 

Our investment advisory and wealth management operations are subject to risk related to the regulation of the financial services industry and market volatility; 

We make certain assumptions and estimates in preparing our financial statements that may prove to be incorrect, which could significantly impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and we are subject to new or changing accounting rules and interpretations, and the failure by us to correctly interpret or apply these evolving rules and interpretations could have a material adverse effect; 

The value of our goodwill and other intangible assets may decline in the future; 

We may be unable to successfully implement our growth strategies, including the integration and successful management of newly-acquired businesses; 

The introduction of new products and services may subject us to increased regulation and regulatory scrutiny and may affect our reputation; 

Acquisitions may disrupt our business and dilute shareholder value; 

Our tax strategies and the value of our deferred tax assets and liabilities could adversely affect our operating results and regulatory capital ratios; 

Liquidity is essential to our businesses; 

We rely on dividends from our subsidiaries for most of our revenue; 

If our risk management framework does not effectively identify or mitigate our risks, we could suffer losses; 

- 4 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Public health emergencies, including the COVID-19 pandemic, and related governmental responses, changes in consumer behavior, changes in business practices, and supply chain interruptions may adversely affect our operations, financial condition and results of operations; 

We face competition in staying current with technological changes and banking alternatives to compete and meet customer demands; 

We rely on other companies to provide key components of our business infrastructure; 

A breach in security of our or third-party information systems, including the occurrence of a cyber incident or a deficiency in cybersecurity, or a failure by us to comply with New York State cybersecurity regulations, may subject us to liability, result in a loss of customer business or damage our brand image; 

The soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us; 

We may need to raise additional capital in the future and such capital may not be available on acceptable terms or at all; 

We may not pay or may reduce the dividends on our common stock; 

We may issue debt and equity securities or securities convertible into equity securities, any of which may be senior to our common stock as to distributions and in liquidation, which could dilute our current shareholders or negatively affect the value of our common stock; 

Our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws, and certain banking laws may have an anti-takeover effect; 

The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors; 

We may not be able to attract and retain skilled people; 

We use financial models for business planning purposes that may not adequately predict future results; 

We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about or from customers and counterparties; 

Our business may be adversely affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions generally, including macroeconomic pressures such as inflation, supply chain issues, and geopolitical risks associated with international conflict; and 

Severe weather, natural disasters, public health emergencies and pandemics, acts of war or terrorism, and other external events could significantly impact our business. 

We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made, and advise readers that various factors, including those described above, could affect our financial performance and could cause our actual results or circumstances for future periods to differ materially from those anticipated or projected. See also Item 1A, Risk Factors, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. Except as required by law, we do not undertake, and specifically disclaim any obligation to publicly release any revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events or circumstances after the date of such statements. 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 GENERAL 
 The Parent is a financial holding company organized in 1931 under the laws of New York State New York or NYS ). The principal office of the Parent is located at 220 Liberty Street, Warsaw, New York 14569 and its telephone number is (585) 786-1100. The Parent was incorporated on September 15, 1931, but the continuity of the Company s banking business is traced to the organization of the National Bank of Geneva on March 28, 1817. Except as the context otherwise requires, the Parent and its direct and indirect subsidiaries are collectively referred to in this report as the Company. Five Star Bank is referred to as FSB or the Bank, SDN Insurance Agency, LLC is referred to as SDN, Courier Capital, LLC is referred to as Courier Capital, HNP Capital, LLC is referred to as HNP Capital and Corn Hill Innovation Labs, LLC is referred to as CHIL. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Parent, the Bank, SDN, Courier Capital, HNP Capital and CHIL. The Parent s common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol FISI. 
 - 5 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had consolidated total assets of 5.80 billion, deposits of 4.93 billion and shareholders equity of 405.6 million. 
 The Parent s primary business is the operation of its subsidiaries. It does not engage in any other substantial business activities. The Parent s five direct wholly-owned subsidiaries are: (1) the Bank, which provides a full range of banking services to consumer, commercial and municipal customers in Western and Central New York; (2) SDN, which sells various premium-based insurance policies on a commission basis to commercial and consumer customers; (3) Courier Capital and (4) HNP Capital, which both provide customized investment advice, wealth management, investment consulting and retirement plan services to individuals, businesses, institutions, foundations and retirement plans; and (5) CHIL, which oversees the Company s Banking-as-a-Service BaaS and financial technology FinTech relationships. At December 31, 2022, the Bank represented 99.3 , SDN represented 0.3 , Courier Capital and HNP Capital combined represented 0.3 and CHIL represented less than 0.1 of the consolidated assets of the Company. We are in the process of transitioning CHIL's business relationships and other assets to the Bank and plan to dissolve the entity after these operational items are wound up. 
 Five Star Bank 
 The Bank is a New York-chartered bank that has its headquarters at 55 North Main Street, Warsaw, NY, a total of 48 full-service banking offices in the New York State counties of Allegany, Cattaraugus, Cayuga, Chemung, Erie, Genesee, Livingston, Monroe, Ontario, Orleans, Seneca, Steuben, Wyoming and Yates, and commercial loan production offices in Baltimore, Maryland and Syracuse, New York serving the Mid-Atlantic and Central New York regions. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Bank had total assets of 5.76 billion, investment securities of 1.14 billion, net loans of 4.01 billion, deposits of 4.96 billion and shareholders equity of 428.7 million. The Bank offers deposit products, which include checking and NOW accounts, savings accounts, and certificates of deposit, as its principal source of funding. The Bank s deposits are insured up to the maximum permitted by the Bank Insurance Fund (the Insurance Fund of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ). The Bank offers a variety of loan products to its customers, including commercial and consumer loans. 
 SDN Insurance Agency, LLC 
 SDN is a full-service insurance agency founded in 1923 and headquartered in Amherst, NY. SDN offers personal, commercial and financial services products. For the year ended December 31, 2022, SDN had total revenue of 6.3 million. In 2021, SDN completed the acquisition of assets of Landmark Group, an independent insurance brokerage firm, and North Woods Capital Benefits LLC, an employee benefits and human resources advisory firm. 
 Most lines of personal insurance are provided, including automobile, homeowners, boat, recreational vehicle, landlord and umbrella coverage. Commercial insurance products are also provided, consisting of property, liability, automobile, inland marine, workers compensation, bonds, crop and umbrella insurance. SDN also provides the following financial services products: life and disability insurance, Medicare supplements, long-term care, annuities, mutual funds, retirement programs and New York State disability. 
 Courier Capital, LLC 
 Courier Capital is an SEC-registered investment advisory and wealth management firm founded in 1967 and based in Western New York, with offices in Buffalo and Jamestown. With 1.90 billion in assets under management as of December 31, 2022, Courier Capital offers customized investment advice, wealth management, investment consulting and retirement plan services to individuals, businesses and institutions. For the year ended December 31, 2022, Courier Capital had total revenue of 5.7 million. 
 HNP Capital, LLC 
 HNP Capital is an SEC-registered investment advisory and wealth management firm founded in 2009 and based in Western New York, with offices in Rochester, New York. With 756.0 million in assets under management as of December 31, 2022, HNP Capital offers customized investment advice, wealth management, investment consulting and retirement plan services to individuals, businesses and institutions. For the year ended December 31, 2022, HNP Capital had total revenue of 4.6 million. 
 Corn Hill Innovation Labs, LLC 
 CHIL was initially established in 2021 to manage a joint venture with Alloy Labs Alliance, a group of innovative community banks, to launch CHUCK, an open network for peer-to-peer payments for consumers and small businesses. CHIL s scope has since expanded to oversee the Company s BaaS and FinTech relationships. CHIL is based in Western New York, with its main office in Rochester, New York. 
 Five Star REIT, Inc. Five Star REIT, Inc. Five Star REIT ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank, operates as a real estate investment trust that holds residential mortgages and commercial real estate loans. Five Star REIT provides additional flexibility and planning opportunities for the business of the Bank. 
 - 6 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Business Strategy 
 Our business strategy has been to maintain a community bank philosophy, which consists of focusing on and understanding the individualized banking and other financial services needs of individuals, municipalities and businesses of the communities surrounding our primary service area. We believe this focus allows us to be more responsive to our customers needs and provide a high level of personal service that differentiates us from larger competitors, resulting in long-standing and broad-based banking relationships. Our core customers are primarily small- to medium-sized businesses, individuals and community organizations who prefer to build banking, insurance and wealth management relationships with a community bank that offers high-quality, competitively-priced products and services with personalized service. Because of our identity and origin as a locally operated bank, we believe that our level of personal service provides a competitive advantage over larger banks, which tend to consolidate decision-making authority outside local communities. 
 A key aspect of our current business strategy is to foster a community-oriented culture where our customers and employees establish long-standing and mutually beneficial relationships. We believe that we are well-positioned to be a strong competitor within our market area because of our focus on community banking needs and customer service, our comprehensive suite of deposit, loan, insurance and wealth management products typically found at larger banks, our highly experienced management team and our strategically located banking centers. We have also broadened our service offerings to include financial advice and insurance solutions along with traditional banking needs. 
 We have evolved to meet changing customer needs by opening what we refer to as financial solution center branches. These financial solution centers have a smaller footprint than our traditional branches, focus on technology to provide solutions that fit our customer preferences for transacting business with us, and are staffed by certified personal bankers who are trained to meet a broad array of customer needs. In February 2022, we opened a commercial loan production office in Ellicott City (Baltimore), Maryland, and in January 2023 we opened a commercial production office in Syracuse, New York, further expanding our footprint to the Mid-Atlantic and Central New York regions. Additionally, we are focused on the continued expansion of product delivery channels and are investing in our digital banking platform to allow for greater flexibility in the customer experience. We believe that the foregoing factors all help to grow our core deposits, which support a central element of our business strategy - the growth of a diversified and high-quality loan portfolio. 
 Our BaaS and FinTech relationships offer BaaS to financial technology firms and other non-bank financial service providers, allowing them to provide banking services to their clients. With the help of the Bank's partners, we can offer banking services and products beyond our traditional footprint. 
 Acquisition Strategy 
 We will continue to explore market expansion opportunities that complement current market areas as opportunities arise. Our primary focus will be on increasing the Bank's market share within existing markets, while taking advantage of potential growth opportunities within our insurance and wealth management lines of business by acquiring businesses that can be incorporated into existing operations. We believe our capital position remains strong enough to support an active merger and acquisition strategy and the expansion of our core financial service businesses of banking, insurance and wealth management. Consequently, we continue to explore acquisition opportunities in these activities. When evaluating acquisition opportunities, we will balance the potential for earnings accretion with maintaining adequate capital levels, which could result in our common stock being the predominant form of consideration and/or the need for us to raise capital. 
 Conversations with potential strategic partners occur on a regular basis. The evaluation of any potential opportunity will favor a transaction that complements our core competencies and strategic intent, with a lesser emphasis being placed on geographic location or size. Additionally, we remain committed to maintaining a diversified revenue stream. Our senior management team has experience in acquisitions and post-acquisition integration of operations and is prepared to act promptly should a potential opportunity arise but will remain disciplined with its approach. We believe this experience positions us to successfully acquire and integrate additional financial services and banking businesses. 
 HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES STRATEGY 
 In order to continue to deliver on our mission of financial inclusion for all, it is crucial that we attract and retain talent who desire to enable financial equality through delivery of capable solutions, thoughtful innovation and equitable consumer options in the markets that we serve. To facilitate talent attraction and retention, we strive to make the Company an inclusive, safe and healthy workplace, with opportunities for our employees to grow and develop in their careers, supported by strong compensation, benefits, health and welfare programs. 
 
 - 7 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Employee Profile 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 672 employees situated across the United States (the U.S. ). This represents an increase of 47 employees or 8 from December 31, 2021. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 62 of our current workforce is female, 38 male, and our average tenure is 5.74 years, a decrease of 13 from an average tenure of 6.56 years as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Total Rewards 
 As part of our compensation philosophy, we believe that we must offer and maintain market competitive total rewards programs for our employees in order to attract and retain superior talent. In addition to market competitive base wages, our rewards programs include performance-based bonus opportunities, equity compensation, Company-sponsored retirement plans, healthcare and insurance benefits, health savings and flexible spending accounts, paid time off, family leave, family care resources, remote work arrangements, flexible work schedules, adoption assistance, and employee assistance programs. 
 
 Health and Safety 
 The success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our people. Accordingly, we are committed to the health, safety and wellness of our employees. We provide our employees and their families with access to a variety of flexible and convenient health and welfare programs, including benefits that support their physical and mental health by providing tools and resources to help them improve or maintain their health status and that offer choice where possible so they can customize their benefits to meet their needs and the needs of their families. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented significant operating environment changes that we determined were in the best interest of our employees, as well as the communities in which we operate, and which comply with government regulations. This includes supporting a majority of our employees to work from home or remotely, while implementing additional safety measures for employees continuing critical on-site work. Many employees continue to work from home as we transition to a more flexible work environment. 
 
 Talent 
 A core tenet of our talent system is to both develop talent from within and supplement with external hires. This approach has yielded loyalty and commitment among our employees which in turn grows our business, our products, and our customers, while also adding new talent, skill sets and ideas to support a continuous improvement mindset and our goals of a diverse and inclusive workforce. 
 
 We have conducted intentional, strategic hiring in 2021 and 2022 to supplement the organization with new skill sets and perspectives. Our talent acquisition team uses internal and external resources to recruit highly skilled and talented workers, and, additionally, we incent employee referrals for open positions. 
 
 Our performance management framework positions our leaders as coaches who continuously develop and grow talent through ongoing performance and development discussions, formal talent and development assessments, goal setting and feedback and performance-based compensation programs. 
 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 We strive toward having a powerful and diverse team of employees, knowing we are better together with our combined wisdom and intellect. With a commitment to equality, inclusion and workplace diversity, we focus on understanding, accepting, and valuing the differences between people. To accomplish this, we established a Diversity Inclusion Advisory Council in 2020 that is currently made up of 15 employee representatives throughout our operating footprint. The Council meets regularly to provide feedback and ideas that guide our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion DEI strategy. We established a series of DEI-focused trainings to raise awareness of unconscious bias and equip leaders to build inclusive team experiences. We continued our commitment to equal employment opportunity through a robust affirmative action plan which includes annual compensation analyses and ongoing reviews of our selection and hiring practices alongside a continued focus on building and maintaining a diverse workforce. 
 MARKET AREAS AND COMPETITION 
 We provide a wide range of banking and financial services to individuals, municipalities and businesses through a network of more than 48 offices and an extensive ATM network throughout Western and Central New York. The region includes the counties of Allegany, Cattaraugus, Cayuga, Chautauqua, Chemung, Erie, Genesee, Livingston, Monroe, Ontario, Orleans, Schuyler, Seneca, Steuben, Wayne, Wyoming and Yates. Our banking activities, though concentrated in the communities where we maintain branches, also extend into neighboring counties. In addition, our consumer indirect lending presence includes the Capital District of New York and Northern and 
 - 8 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Central Pennsylvania, and we have commercial loan production offices in Baltimore, Maryland and Syracuse, New York, serving the Mid-Atlantic and Central New York regions. 
 Our market area is economically diversified in that we serve both rural markets and the larger markets in and around Rochester and Buffalo. Rochester and Buffalo are the two largest metropolitan areas in New York outside of New York City, with a combined population of over two million people. We anticipate continuing to increase our presence in and around these metropolitan statistical areas and complementary market areas in the coming years. 
 We face significant competition in both making loans and attracting deposits, as Western and Central New York have a high density of financial institutions. Our competition for loans comes principally from commercial banks, savings banks, savings and loan associations, mortgage banking companies, credit unions, and other financial services companies. Our competition for deposits has historically come from commercial banks, savings banks and credit unions. We face additional competition for deposits from non-traditional FinTech firms and non-depository competitors such as the mutual fund industry, securities and brokerage firms and insurance companies. We generally compete with other financial service providers on factors such as level of customer service, responsiveness to customer needs, availability and pricing of products, and geographic location. Our industry frequently experiences merger activity, which affects competition by eliminating some institutions while potentially strengthening the franchises of others. 
 The following table presents the Bank s market share percentage for total deposits as of June 30, 2022, in each county where we have operations. The table also indicates the ranking by deposit size in each market. All information in the table was obtained from S P Global Market Intelligence, which compiles deposit data published by the FDIC as of June 30, 2022 and updates the information for any bank mergers and acquisitions completed subsequent to the reporting date. 

County 
 
 Market Share 
 
 Market Rank 

Number of Branches (1) 

Allegany 
 
 9.45 

2 

1 

Cattaraugus 
 
 25.19 

2 

4 

Cayuga 
 
 9.93 

4 

1 

Chemung 
 
 13.21 

3 

2 

Erie 
 
 0.45 

10 

6 

Genesee 
 
 19.39 

3 

2 

Livingston 
 
 33.33 

1 

5 

Monroe 
 
 2.24 

8 

8 

Ontario 
 
 9.49 

4 

4 

Orleans 
 
 27.71 

2 

2 

Seneca 
 
 26.10 

1 

2 

Steuben 
 
 33.95 

2 

5 

Wyoming 
 
 66.61 

1 

4 

Yates 
 
 26.45 

2 

2 

(1) Number of branches current as of December 31, 2022. 

We have identified an opportunity to further diversify our revenues by pursuing BaaS and digital banking as new standalone lines of business. The market for any such products would be national. We will compete with other banks and FinTech companies in these lines of business. 
 INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES 
 Our investment policy is contained within our overall Asset-Liability Management and Investment Policy. This policy dictates that investment decisions will be made based on the safety of the investment, liquidity requirements, potential returns, cash flow targets, need for collateral and desired risk parameters. In pursuing these objectives, we consider the ability of an investment to provide earnings consistent with factors related to quality, maturity, marketability, pledgeability and risk diversification. Our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, guided by our Asset-Liability Committee ALCO ), is responsible for investment portfolio decisions within the established policies. 
 Our investment securities strategy is focused on providing liquidity to meet loan demand and redeeming liabilities, meeting pledging requirements, managing credit risks, managing overall interest rate risks and maximizing portfolio yield. Our current policy generally limits security purchases to the following: 
 U.S. treasury securities; 

U.S. government agency securities, which are securities issued by official Federal government bodies (e.g., the Government National Mortgage Association GNMA and the Small Business Administration SBA )), and U.S. government-sponsored enterprise securities, which are securities issued by independent organizations that are in part sponsored by the federal 

- 9 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 government (e.g., the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB system, the Federal National Mortgage Association FNMA ), the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation FHLMC and the Federal Farm Credit Bureau); 

Mortgage-backed securities MBS ), which include mortgage-backed pass-through securities, collateralized mortgage obligations and multi-family MBS issued by GNMA, FNMA and FHLMC; 

Investment grade municipal securities, including revenue, tax and bond anticipation notes, statutory installment notes and general obligation bonds; 

Certain creditworthy unrated securities issued by municipalities; 

Certificates of deposit; 

Equity securities at the holding company level; 

Derivative instruments; and 

Limited partnership investments. 

LENDING ACTIVITIES 
 General 
 We offer a broad range of loans including commercial business and revolving lines of credit, commercial mortgages, equipment loans, residential mortgage loans and home equity loans and lines of credit, home improvement loans, automobile loans and personal loans. Newly originated and refinanced fixed rate residential mortgage loans are either retained in our portfolio or sold to the secondary market with servicing rights retained. 
 We continually evaluate and update our lending policy. The key elements of our lending philosophy include the following: 
 To ensure consistent underwriting, employees must share a common view of the risks inherent in lending activities as well as the standards to be applied in underwriting and managing credit risk; 

Pricing of credit products should be risk-based; 

The loan portfolio must be diversified to limit the potential impact of negative events; and 

Careful, timely exposure monitoring through dynamic use of our risk rating system is required to provide early warning and assure proactive management of potential problems. 

Commercial Business and Commercial Mortgage Lending 
 We primarily originate commercial business loans in our market areas and underwrite them based on the borrower s ability to service the loan from operating income. We offer a broad range of commercial lending products, including term loans and lines of credit. Short and medium-term commercial loans, primarily collateralized, are made available to businesses for working capital (including inventory and receivables), business expansion (including acquisition of real estate, expansion and improvements) and the purchase of equipment. We offer commercial business loans to customers in the agricultural industry for short-term crop production, farm equipment and livestock financing. As a general practice, where possible, a first position collateral lien is placed on any available real estate, equipment or other assets owned by the borrower and a personal guarantee of the owner is obtained. As of December 31, 2022, 178.3 million, or 27 , of our aggregate commercial business loan portfolio were at fixed rates, while 485.9 million, or 73 , were at variable rates. 
 We also offer commercial mortgage loans to finance the purchase of real property, which generally consists of real estate with completed structures. Commercial mortgage loans are secured by first liens on the real estate and are typically amortized over a 10 to 20-year period. The underwriting analysis includes credit verification, appraisals and a review of the borrower s financial condition and repayment capacity. As of December 31, 2022, 841.9 million, or 50 , of the loans in our aggregate commercial mortgage portfolio were at fixed rates, while 837.9 million, or 50 , were at variable rates. 
 We utilize government loan guarantee programs when available and appropriate. 
 Government Guarantee Programs 
 The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act was passed by Congress and signed into law on March 27, 2020. The CARES Act established the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ), an expansion of the SBA s 7(a) loan program and the Economic Injury Disaster Loan Program EIDL ), administered directly by the SBA. As of December 31, 2022, we had PPP loans with an aggregate principal balance of 1.2 million that were covered by guarantees under this program. 
 We participate in other government loan guarantee programs offered by the SBA, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Rural Economic and Community Development and Farm Service Agency, among others. As of December 31, 2022, we had loans with an aggregate principal balance of 25.2 million that were covered by guarantees under these programs. The guarantees typically cover only a certain percentage of these loans. By participating in these programs, we are able to broaden our base of borrowers while reducing credit risk. 
 - 10 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Residential Real Estate Lending 
 We originate fixed and variable rate one-to-four family residential mortgages collateralized by owner-occupied properties located in our market areas. We offer a variety of real estate loan products, including home improvement loans, closed-end home equity loans, and home equity lines of credit, which are generally amortized over periods of up to 30 years. Loans collateralized by one-to-four family residential real estate generally have been originated in amounts of no more than 80 of appraised value or have mortgage insurance. Mortgage title insurance and hazard insurance are normally required. We sell certain one-to-four family residential mortgages to the secondary mortgage market and typically retain the right to service the mortgages. We typically follow the underwriting and appraisal guidelines of the secondary market, including the FHLMC and the Federal Housing Administration, and service the loans in a manner that satisfies the secondary market agreements. As of December 31, 2022, our residential mortgage servicing portfolio totaled 275.3 million, the majority of which has been sold to the FHLMC. As of December 31, 2022, our residential real estate loan portfolio totaled 590.0 million, or 14.5 of our total loan portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, our residential real estate lines portfolio totaled 77.7 million, or 1.9 of our total loan portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, 525.3 million, or 89 , of the loans in our residential real estate loan portfolio were at fixed rates, while 64.7 million, or 11 , were at variable rates. The residential real estate lines portfolio primarily consists of variable rate lines. Approximately 92 of the loans and lines in our residential real estate portfolios were in first lien positions at December 31, 2022. We do not engage in sub-prime or other high-risk residential mortgage lending as a line-of-business. 
 Consumer Lending 
 We offer a variety of loan products to our consumer customers, including automobile loans, secured installment loans and other types of secured and unsecured personal loans. At December 31, 2022, outstanding consumer loan balances were concentrated in indirect automobile loans. 
 We originate indirect consumer loans for a mix of new and used vehicles through franchised new car dealers. The consumer indirect loan portfolio is primarily comprised of loans with terms that typically range from 36 to 84 months. We have developed relationships with franchised new car dealers in Western, Central and the Capital District of New York, and Northern and Central Pennsylvania. As of December 31, 2022, our consumer indirect portfolio totaled 1.02 billion, or 25.3 of our total loan portfolio. The consumer indirect loan portfolio primarily consists of fixed rate loans with relatively short durations. 
 We also originate, independently of the indirect loans described above, consumer automobile loans, recreational vehicle loans, boat loans, personal loans (collateralized and uncollateralized) and deposit account collateralized loans. The terms of these loans typically range from 12 to 60 months and vary based upon the nature of the collateral and the size of loan. A portion of the consumer lending program is underwritten on a secured basis using the customer s financed automobile, mobile home, boat or recreational vehicle as collateral. The other loans in our consumer portfolio totaled 15.1 million as of December 31, 2022, all of which were fixed rate loans. 
 Credit Administration 
 Our loan policy establishes standardized underwriting guidelines, as well as the loan approval process and the committee structures necessary to facilitate and ensure the highest possible loan quality decision-making in a timely and businesslike manner. The policy establishes requirements for extending credit based on the size, risk rating and type of credit involved. The policy also sets limits on individual lending authority and various forms of joint lending authority, while designating which loans are required to be approved at the committee level. 
 Our credit objectives are to: 
 Compete effectively and service the legitimate credit needs of our target market; 

Enhance our reputation for superior quality and timely delivery of products and services; 

Provide pricing that reflects the entire relationship and is commensurate with the risk profiles of our borrowers; 

Retain, develop and acquire profitable, multi-product, value added relationships with high-quality borrowers; 

Focus on government guaranteed lending to meet the needs of the small businesses in our communities; 

Develop efforts to serve minority and other traditionally underserved communities; and 

Comply with all relevant laws and regulations. 

Our policy includes loan reviews, under the supervision of the Audit and Risk Oversight committees of our Board of Directors and directed by our Chief Risk Officer, in order to render an independent and objective evaluation of our asset quality and credit administration process. 
 - 11 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We assign risk ratings to loans in the commercial business and commercial mortgage portfolios. We use those risk ratings to: 
 Profile the risk and exposure in the loan portfolio and identify developing trends and relative levels of risk; 

Identify deteriorating credits; 

Reflect the probability that a given customer may default on its obligations; and 

Assist with risk-based pricing. 

Through the loan approval process, loan administration and loan review program, management seeks to continuously monitor our credit risk profile and assess the overall quality of the loan portfolio and adequacy of the allowance for credit losses. 
 We have several procedures in place to assist in maintaining the overall quality of our loan portfolio. Delinquent loan reports are monitored by credit administration to identify adverse levels and trends. Loans, including loans individually evaluated for impairment, are generally classified as non-accruing if they are past due as to maturity or payment of principal or interest for a period of more than 90 days, unless such loans are well-collateralized and in the process of collection. Loans that are on a current payment status or past due less than 90 days may also be classified as non-accruing if repayment in full of principal and/or interest is uncertain. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The allowance for credit losses is established through charges to earnings in the form of a provision for credit losses. The allowance reflects management s estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in the portfolio, based on factors including, but not limited to: 
 Specific allocations for individually evaluated credits; 

Segmentation of credit exposures by similar credit characteristics; 

Historical net charge-off experience by segment; 

Correlation of segmented historical losses to a loss driver; 

Evaluation of historical loss emergence by segment; 

Evaluation and establishment of look-back periods by segment; 

Evaluation of prepayment and curtailment experience by segment; 

Evaluation of average life for each segment; 

Levels and trends in delinquent and non-accruing loans; 

Trends in volume and terms of loans; 

Effects of changes in lending policy; 

National and local economic trends and conditions excluding the loss driver; 

Regulatory environment; 

Portfolio administration; 

Potential funding of unfunded commitments; 

Evaluation of held to maturity investments; and 

Evaluation of deferred interest receivable. 

Our methodology for estimating the allowance for credit losses includes the following: 
 1. Collateral dependent commercial business and commercial mortgage loans, as well as, non-collateral dependent criticized loans of two-million dollars and greater are typically reviewed individually and assigned a specific loss allowance, if considered necessary, in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). 

2. Loans not analyzed for a specific reserve are segmented into pools of loans based upon similar risk characteristics. This is referred to as the pooled loan component of the allowance for credit losses estimate. The Company has identified six portfolio segments of loans including commercial loans/lines, commercial mortgage, indirect loans, direct loans, residential lines of credit, and residential loans. Each segment, or pool, is quantitatively analyzed using a discounted cash flow approach over the life of the loan. The pooled loans estimate is based upon periodic review of the collectability of the loans quantitatively correlating historical loan experience with reasonable and supportable forecasts using forward looking information. Adjustments to the quantitative evaluation may be made for differences in current or expected qualitative risk characteristics such as changes in: underwriting standards, delinquency level, regulatory environment, economic condition, Company management and the status of portfolio administration including the Company s credit risk review function. 

- 12 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 3. The Company s held to maturity HTM debt securities are also required to utilize the current expected credit losses approach to estimate expected credit losses. The Company s HTM debt securities included securities that are issued by U.S. government or U.S. government-sponsored enterprises. These securities, widely recognized as risk free, carry the explicit and/or implicit guarantee of the U.S. government and have a long history of zero credit loss. The Company also carries a portfolio of HTM municipal bonds. The Company measures its allowance for credit losses on HTM debt securities on a collective basis by major security type. The estimate is based on historical credit losses, if any, adjusted for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The Company considers the nature of the collateral, potential future changes in collateral values and available loss information. 

4. The Company had made the election with the adoption of ASU 2016-13 of not measuring an allowance for credit losses for accrued interest receivable due to the Company s policy of writing off uncollectible accrued interest receivable balances in a timely manner, as described above. 

5. The reserve for unfunded commitments (the Unfunded Reserve represents the expected credit losses on off-balance sheet commitments such as unfunded commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. However, a liability is not recognized for commitments unconditionally cancellable by the Company. The unfunded reserve is recognized as a liability (other liabilities in the consolidated statements of financial condition), with adjustments to the reserve recognized as a provision for credit loss expense in the consolidated statements of income. The unfunded reserve is determined by estimating expected future funding, under each segment, and applying the expected loss rates. Expected future funding is based on historical averages of funding rates (i.e., the likelihood of draws taken). To estimate future funding on unfunded balances, current funding rates are compared to historical funding rates. 

Management presents a quarterly review of the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses to the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors based on the methodology described above. See also the section titled Allowance for Credit Losses in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 SOURCES OF FUNDS 
 Our primary sources of funds are deposits and borrowed funds. 
 Deposits 
 We maintain a full range of deposit products and accounts to meet the needs of the residents and businesses in our primary service area. Products include an array of checking and savings account programs for individuals and businesses, including money market accounts, certificates of deposit, sweep investment capabilities as well as Individual Retirement Accounts and other qualified plan accounts. We rely primarily on competitive pricing of our deposit products, customer service and long-standing relationships with customers to attract and retain these deposits and seek to make our services convenient to the community by offering a choice of several delivery systems and channels, including telephone, mail, online, automated teller machines ATMs ), debit cards, point-of-sale transactions, automated clearing house transactions ACH ), remote deposit, and mobile banking via telephone or wireless devices. We also take advantage of the use of technology by offering business customers banking access via the Internet and various advanced cash management systems. 
 We also participate in reciprocal deposit programs, which enable depositors to receive FDIC insurance coverage for deposits exceeding the maximum insurable amount. Through these programs, deposits in excess of the maximum insurable amount are placed with multiple participating financial institutions. Reciprocal deposits totaled 696.1 million at December 31, 2022. 
 Borrowings 
 We have access to a variety of borrowing sources and use both short-term and long-term borrowings to support our asset base. Borrowings from time-to-time include federal funds purchased, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, brokered deposits, FHLB advances and borrowings from the discount window of the FRB, as defined below. 
 Other sources of funds include scheduled amortization and prepayments of principal from loans and mortgage-backed securities, maturities and calls of investment securities and funds provided by operations. 
 - 13 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 We also make available, free of charge through our website, all reports filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, as well as any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after those documents are filed with or furnished to the SEC. These filings may be viewed by accessing the SEC Filings subsection of the Financials section of our website www.fiiwarsaw.com ). Information available on our website is not a part of, and is not incorporated into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 All of the reports we file with the SEC, including this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, as well as any amendments thereto may be accessed at www.sec.gov . 
 SUPERVISION AND REGULATION 
 We are subject to extensive regulation under federal and state laws. The regulatory framework is intended primarily for the protection of depositors, federal deposit insurance funds and the banking system as a whole and not for the protection of shareholders and creditors. 
 Elements of the laws and regulations applicable to the Company and material to our operations are described below. The description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the statutes, regulations and policies that are described. Also, such statutes, regulations and policies are continually under review by Congress, state legislatures, and federal and state regulatory agencies. A change in statutes, regulations or regulatory policies applicable to the Company could have a material effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Holding Company Regulation . We are subject to comprehensive regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, frequently referred to as the Federal Reserve Board FRB or Federal Reserve ), under the Bank Holding Company Act (the BHC Act ), as amended by, among other laws, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 (the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ). We are registered with the Federal Reserve as a financial holding company FHC ). We must file reports with the FRB and submit such additional information as the FRB may require, and our holding company and non-banking affiliates are subject to examination by the FRB. Under FRB policy, a financial holding company must serve as a source of strength for its subsidiary banks. Under this policy, the FRB may require, and has required in the past, a holding company to contribute additional capital to an undercapitalized subsidiary bank. The BHC Act provides that a financial holding company must obtain FRB approval before: 
 Acquiring, directly or indirectly, ownership or control of any voting shares of another bank, financial holding company or bank holding company if, after such acquisition, it would own or control more than 5 of such shares (unless it already owns or controls the majority of such shares); 

Acquiring all or substantially all the assets of another bank, financial holding company or bank holding company, or 

Merging or consolidating with another financial holding company or bank holding company. 

The BHC Act generally prohibits a bank holding company from acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares of any company which is not a bank or bank holding company, or from engaging directly or indirectly in activities other than those of banking, managing or controlling banks, or providing services for its subsidiaries. However, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act amended portions of the BHC Act to authorize financial holding companies, such as us, to directly or through non-bank subsidiaries engage in securities, insurance and other activities that are financial in nature or incidental to a financial activity. In order to undertake and maintain these activities, a financial holding company must certify that all the depository institutions controlled by the company are well capitalized and well managed. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act, Economic Growth Act, and Volcker Rule. The Dodd-Frank Act significantly changed the regulation of financial institutions, such as community banks, thrifts, and small bank and thrift holding companies, and the financial services industry. 
 Although it was enacted in 2010, certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act have yet to be fully implemented and may be impacted by future legislation, rulemaking or executive orders. Our management continues to monitor the ongoing implementation of the Dodd-Frank Act and, as new regulations are issued, will assess their effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In May 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act Economic Growth Act was enacted and impacted several of the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. The law provided certain regulatory relief to community banks, like us, with less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets. This relief includes an exemption from the Volcker Rule (i.e., a provision of the Dodd-Frank Act which prohibits banks and their affiliates from engaging in proprietary trading and from investing and sponsoring hedge funds and private equity funds.) 
 - 14 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Depository Institution Regulation. The Bank is subject to regulation by the FDIC. This regulatory structure includes: 
 Real estate lending standards, which provide guidelines concerning loan-to-value ratios for various types of real estate loans; 

Risk-based capital rules, including accounting for interest rate risk, concentration of credit risk and the risks posed by non-traditional activities; 

Rules requiring depository institutions to develop and implement internal procedures to evaluate and control credit and settlement exposure to their correspondent banks; 

Rules restricting types and amounts of equity investments; and 

Rules addressing various safety and soundness issues, including operations and managerial standards, standards for asset quality, earnings and compensation standards. 

Capital Requirements. The Company and the Bank are each required to comply with applicable capital adequacy standards established by the Federal Reserve. The current risk-based capital standards applicable to the Company and the Bank are based on the final capital framework for strengthening international capital standards, known as Basel III, of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision. 
 The Basel III Rules, among other things, (i) introduce a new capital measure called CET1, which consists primarily of retained earnings and common stock, (ii) specify that Tier 1 capital consists of CET1 and Additional Tier 1 capital instruments, such as preferred stock and certain convertible securities, meeting certain revised requirements, (iii) define CET1 narrowly by requiring that most deductions/adjustments to regulatory capital measures be made to CET1 and not to the other components of capital, and (iv) expand the scope of the deductions/adjustments to capital as compared to historical regulations. 
 Under the Basel III Rules, the current minimum capital ratios, including an additional capital conservation buffer applicable to the Company and the Bank, are: 
 7.0 CET1 to risk-weighted assets; 

8.5 Tier 1 capital (that is, CET1 plus Additional Tier 1 capital) to risk-weighted assets; and 

10.5 Total capital (that is, Tier 1 capital plus Tier 2 capital) to risk-weighted assets. 

Banking institutions that do not hold capital above the required minimum levels, including the capital conservation buffer, will face constraints on paying dividends and compensation based on the amount of the shortfall. 
 The Basel III Rules provide for a number of deductions from and adjustments to CET1. These include, for example, the requirement that mortgage-servicing rights MSRs ), certain deferred tax assets and significant investments in non-consolidated financial entities be deducted from CET1 to the extent that any one such category exceeds 10 of CET1 or all such items, in the aggregate, exceed 15 of CET1. 
 The Basel III Rules prescribe a standardized approach for risk weightings for a variety of asset classes that, depending on the nature of the assets, generally ranges from 0 for U.S. government and agency securities, to 600 for certain equity exposures. 
 The Economic Growth Act provided for a potential exception from the Basel III Rules for community banks that maintain a Community Bank Leverage Ratio CBLR of at least 8.0 to 10.0 . The CBLR is calculated by dividing Tier 1 capital by the bank s average total consolidated assets. In the final rules approved by the FDIC in September 2019, qualifying community banking organizations that opt in to using the CBLR are considered to be in compliance with the Basel III Rules as long as the bank maintains a CBLR of greater than 9.0 . If a bank is not a qualifying community banking organization, does not opt in to using the CBLR, or cannot maintain a CBLR of greater than 9.0 , the bank would have to comply with the Basel III Rules. We determined to comply with the Basel III Rules instead of using the CBLR framework. 
 Leverage Requirements. BHCs and banks are also required to comply with minimum leverage ratio requirements. These requirements provide for a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to total consolidated quarterly average assets (as defined for regulatory purposes), net of the loan loss reserve, goodwill and certain other intangible assets (the leverage ratio ), of 4.0 . 
 Prompt Corrective Action. The Federal Deposit Insurance Act, as amended FDIA ), requires, among other things, the federal banking agencies to take prompt corrective action in respect of depository institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements. The FDIA establishes five capital categories for FDIC-insured banks: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, under-capitalized, significantly under-capitalized and critically under-capitalized. A depository institution is deemed to be well-capitalized if the institution has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 or greater, a CET 1 ratio of 6.5 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, and a leverage ratio of 5.0 or greater, and the institution is not subject to an order, written agreement, capital directive or prompt corrective action directive to meet and maintain a specific level for any capital measure. 
 The FDIA imposes progressively more restrictive constraints on operations, management and capital distributions, depending on the capital category in which an institution is classified. 
 For further information regarding the capital ratios and leverage ratio of the Company and the Bank see the section titled Sources and Uses of Capital Resources in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
 - 15 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Operations, included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The current requirements and the actual levels for the Company and the Bank are detailed in Note 15, Regulatory Matters, of the notes to consolidated financial statements, included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Brokered Deposits. The FDIA and FDIC regulations thereunder limit the ability of banks to accept, renew or rollover brokered deposits unless the institution is well capitalized under the prompt corrective action framework discussed above, or unless it is adequately capitalized and obtains a waiver from the FDIC. Less-than-well-capitalized banks also are subject to restrictions on the interest rates that they may pay on deposits. The characterization of deposits as brokered may result in the imposition of higher deposit assessments on such deposits. In December 2020, the FDIC issued a final rule amending its regulations governing brokered deposits. The rule sought to clarify and modernize the FDIC s regulatory framework for brokered deposits. Notable aspects of the rule include: (i) the establishment of bright-line standards for determining whether an entity meets the statutory definition of deposit broker (ii) the identification of a number of business relationships in which the agent or nominee is automatically not deemed to be a deposit broker because their primary purpose is not the placement of funds with depository institutions (the primary purpose exception ); (iii) the establishment of a more transparent application process for entities that seek the primary purpose exception, but do not qualify as one of the identified business relationships to which the exception is automatically applicable; and (iv) the clarification that third parties that have an exclusive deposit-placement arrangement with only one insured depository institution is not considered a deposit broker. The final rule took effect in April 2021 and full compliance with the rule has been required since January 1, 2022. Further, as mandated by the Economic Growth Act, the FDIC s brokered deposit regulations provide a limited exception for reciprocal deposits for banks that are well managed and well capitalized (or adequately capitalized and have obtained a waiver from the FDIC as mentioned above). Under the limited exception, qualified banks are able to exempt from treatment as brokered deposits up to 5 billion or 20 percent of the institution s total liabilities in reciprocal deposits (which is defined as deposits received by a financial institution through a deposit placement network with the same maturity (if any) and in the same aggregate amount as deposits placed by the institution in other network member banks). 
 Dividends. The FRB policy is that a financial holding company should pay cash dividends only to the extent that its net income for the past year is sufficient to cover both the cash dividends and a rate of earnings retention that is consistent with the holding company s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition and that it is inappropriate for a financial holding company experiencing serious financial problems to borrow funds to pay dividends. Furthermore, a bank that is classified under the prompt corrective action regulations as under-capitalized will be prohibited from paying any dividends. 
 The primary source of cash for dividends we pay is the dividends we receive from the Bank. The Bank is subject to various regulatory policies and requirements relating to the payment of dividends, including requirements to maintain capital above regulatory minimums. Under New York banking law, the Bank may declare and pay dividends from its net profits, unless there is an impairment of capital. Additionally, approval of the New York State Department of Financial Services (the NY DFS is required prior to paying a dividend if the dividend declared by the Bank exceeds the sum of the Bank s net profits for that year and its retained net profits for the preceding two calendar years. At January 1, 2023, the Bank could declare dividends of 89.3 million from retained net profits of the preceding two years. The Bank declared dividends of 28.0 million and 24.0 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Federal Deposit Insurance Assessments. The Bank is a member of the FDIC and pays an insurance premium to the FDIC to fund the Deposit Insurance Fund DIF based upon the bank s assessable assets on a quarterly basis. Deposits are insured up to applicable limits by the FDIC and such insurance is backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. Government. 
 The current level of deposit insurance is 250,000. The coverage limit is per depositor, per insured depository institution for each account ownership category. 
 Under the Dodd-Frank Act, the FDIC defined the deposit insurance assessment base for an insured depository institution as an amount equal to the institution s average consolidated total assets during the assessment period minus average tangible equity. For institutions of the Bank s asset size, the FDIC operates a risk-based premium system that determines assessment rates from financial modeling designed to estimate the probability of the bank s failure over a three-year period. Assessment rates for institutions of the Bank s size ranged from 1.5 to 30-basis points effective through December 31, 2022. The FDIC has authority to increase insurance assessments and adopted a final rule in October 2022 to increase initial base deposit insurance assessment rates by 2-basis points beginning in the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. As a result, effective January 1, 2023, assessment rates for institutions of the Bank s size will range from 2.5 to 32-basis points. 
 The FDIC is authorized to conduct examinations of and require reporting by FDIC-insured institutions. It is also authorized to terminate a depository bank s deposit insurance upon a finding by the FDIC that the bank s financial condition is unsafe or unsound or that the institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices or has violated any applicable rule, regulation, order or condition enacted or imposed by the bank s regulatory agency. The termination of deposit insurance for the Bank would have a material adverse effect on our earnings, operations and financial condition. Management does not know of any practice, condition or violation that might lead to termination of deposit insurance. 
 - 16 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Consumer Laws and Regulations. In addition to the laws and regulations discussed herein, the Bank is also subject to certain consumer federal and state laws and regulations that are designed to protect consumers in transactions with banks. Many of these laws are implemented through regulations issued by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB though, for institutions of the Bank s asset size, compliance is subject to examination by the federal banking regulator, i.e., the FRB in the Bank s case. While the list set forth herein is not exhaustive, these laws and regulations include, among others, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Truth in Savings Act, the Electronic Funds Transfer Act, the Expedited Funds Availability Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Service Members Civil Relief Act and these laws respective state-law counterparts, as well as state usury laws and laws regarding unfair and deceptive acts and practices. These and other federal and state laws, among other things, require disclosures of the cost of credit and terms of deposit accounts, provide substantive consumer rights, prohibit discrimination in credit transactions, regulate the use of credit report information, provide financial privacy protections, prohibit unfair, deceptive and abusive practices, restrict the Company s ability to raise interest rates and subject the Company to substantial regulatory oversight. Violations of applicable consumer protection laws can result in significant potential liability from litigation brought by customers, including actual damages, restitution and attorneys fees. Federal and state bank regulators, federal law enforcement agencies, state attorneys general and state and local consumer protection agencies may also seek to enforce consumer protection requirements and obtain these and other remedies, including regulatory sanctions, customer rescission rights, fines and civil money penalties. Failure to comply with consumer protection requirements may also result in our failure to obtain any required bank regulatory approval for merger or acquisition transactions the Company may wish to pursue or our prohibition from engaging in such transactions even if approval is not required. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act centralized responsibility for consumer financial protection by creating the CFPB, and giving it responsibility for implementing, examining and enforcing compliance with federal consumer protection laws. The CFPB focuses on: 
 Risks to consumers and compliance with the federal consumer financial laws, when it evaluates the policies and practices of a financial institution; 

The markets in which firms operate and risks to consumers posed by activities in those markets; 

Depository institutions that offer a wide variety of consumer financial products and services or a more specialized focus; and 

Non-depository companies that offer one or more consumer financial products or services. 

The CFPB has broad rulemaking authority for a wide range of consumer financial laws that apply to all banks, including, among other things, the authority to prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices. Abusive acts or practices are defined as those that materially interfere with consumers ability to understand a term or condition of a consumer financial product or service or take unreasonable advantage of consumers (i) lack of financial savvy, (ii) inability to protect themselves in the selection or use of consumer financial products or services, or (iii) reasonable reliance on a covered entity to act in their interests. The CFPB can issue cease-and-desist orders against banks and other entities that violate consumer financial laws. The CFPB may also institute a civil action against an entity in violation of federal consumer financial law in order to impose a civil penalty or injunction. 
 Banking regulators take into account compliance with consumer protection laws when considering approval of a proposed transaction. 
 Community Reinvestment Act. Pursuant to the Community Reinvestment Act (the CRA ), under federal and New York State law, the Bank is obligated, consistent with safe and sound banking practices, to help meet the credit needs of its entire community, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York and NY DFS periodically assess the Bank s record of performance under the CRA and issue one of the following ratings: Outstanding, Satisfactory, Needs to Improve, or Substantial Noncompliance. 
 The most recently completed evaluation of the Bank s performance under the CRA was conducted by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York from January 1, 2013 through September 30, 2018 and resulted in an overall rating of Satisfactory. In reaching this rating, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York evaluated HMDA-reportable, small business, small farm, consumer loans, community development loans, investments, philanthropic grants, and services provided. 
 The last CRA evaluation completed by NY DFS was for the time period from January 1, 2012 through September 30, 2017. This performance evaluation resulted in an overall rating by the NY DFS of Satisfactory. In reaching this rating the NY DFS considered the Bank s lending practices by the areas served, the geographic distribution of loans, borrower characteristics and use in community development projects, along with testing the ability of the Bank s investment and service activities to meet community credit needs 
 Privacy and Cybersecurity. Federal banking regulators, as required under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, have adopted rules limiting the ability of banks and other financial institutions to disclose nonpublic information about consumers to non-affiliated third parties. The rules require disclosure of privacy policies to consumers and, in some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of certain personal information to non-affiliated third parties. The privacy provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act affect how consumer information is transmitted through diversified financial services companies and conveyed to outside vendors. 
 In November 2021, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued a final rule requiring banking organizations to notify their primary federal regulator as soon as possible and no later than 36 hours of determining that a computer-security incident that rises to the level of a notification incident, as those terms are defined in the final rule, has occurred. A notification incident is a computer-security incident that has materially disrupted or degraded, or is reasonably likely to materially disrupt or degrade, the banking organization s ability to deliver services to a material portion of its customer base, jeopardize the viability of key operations of the 
 - 17 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 banking organization, or impact the stability of the financial sector. The final rule also requires bank service providers to notify any affected bank to or on behalf of which the service provider provides services as soon as possible after determining that it has experienced an incident that materially disrupts or degrades, or is reasonably likely to materially disrupt or degrade, covered services provided to such bank for four or more hours. The rule was effective April 1, 2022, with compliance required by May 1, 2022. 
 The NY DFS requires New York State-chartered or licensed banks regulated by the NY DFS, such as us, to adopt broad cybersecurity protections. In particular, we have established a program designed to ensure the safety of our information systems, adopted a written cybersecurity policy, and designated an information security officer. We are subject to ongoing compliance and reporting requirements of the NY DFS. 
 On November 9, 2022, the NY DFS released proposed amendments to its cybersecurity regulations that represent a significant update to the regulation of cybersecurity practices. The amendments generally fall within the following five categories: (i) increased mandatory controls associated with common attack vectors, (ii) enhanced requirements for privileged accounts, (iii) enhanced notification obligations, (iv) expansion of cyber governance practices, and (v) additional cybersecurity requirements for larger companies. The proposed amended regulations were subject to a 60-day public comment period which expired on January 9, 2023. Once final regulations are adopted, financial institutions regulated by the NY DFS, including the Bank, will have 180 days from the effective date, except as otherwise specified, to comply with the new requirements. 
 In March 2022, the SEC proposed new rules that would require registrants, such as the Company, to (i) report material cybersecurity incidents on Form 8-K, (ii) include updated disclosure in Forms 10-K and 10-Q of previously disclosed cybersecurity incidents and disclose previously undisclosed individually immaterial incidents when a determination is made that they have become material on an aggregated basis, (iii) disclose cybersecurity policies and procedures and governance practices, including at the board and management levels in Form 10-K, and (iv) disclose the board of directors cybersecurity expertise. 
 Digital Banking. Technological developments continue to significantly alter the ways in which financial institutions and their customers conduct their business. The growth of the Internet has caused banks to adopt and refine alternative distribution and marketing systems. The federal bank regulatory agencies have targeted various aspects of Internet banking, including the security and systems. There can be no assurance that the bank regulatory agencies will not adopt new regulations that will materially affect the Bank s Internet operations or restrict any such further operations. 
 Anti-Money Laundering and the USA Patriot Act. A major focus of governmental policy on financial institutions is combating money laundering and terrorist financing. The USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 substantially broadened the scope of U.S. anti-money laundering laws and regulations by imposing significant new compliance and due diligence obligations, creating new crimes and penalties and expanding the extra-territorial jurisdiction of the United States. Financial institutions are prohibited from entering into specified financial transactions and account relationships and must use enhanced due diligence procedures in their dealings with certain types of high-risk customers and implement a written customer identification program. Financial institutions must take certain steps to assist government agencies in detecting and preventing money laundering and report certain types of suspicious transactions. 
 Regulatory authorities routinely examine financial institutions for compliance with these obligations, and for the failure of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing, or to comply with all of the relevant laws or regulations, could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the institution, including causing applicable bank regulatory authorities not to approve merger or acquisition transactions when regulatory approval is required or to prohibit such transactions even if approval is not required. Regulatory authorities have increased their regulatory scrutiny of the Bank Secrecy Act BSA and anti-money laundering programs maintained by financial institutions and imposed cease and desist orders and civil money penalties against institutions found to be violating these obligations. The Bank has adopted policies and procedures which are in compliance with these requirements. 
 The Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 AMLA ), which amends the BSA, was enacted in January 2021. The AMLA is intended to comprehensively reform and modernize U.S. bank secrecy and anti-money laundering laws. Among other things, it codifies a risk-based approach to anti-money laundering compliance for financial institutions; requires the U.S. Department of the Treasury to promulgate priorities for anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism policy; requires the development of standards for testing technology and internal processes for BSA compliance; expands enforcement and investigation-related authority, including increasing available sanctions for certain BSA violations; and expands BSA whistleblower incentives and protections. In June 2021, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN issued the priorities for anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism policy required under AMLA. The national priorities include: (i) corruption, (ii) cybercrime, (iii) terrorist financing, (iv) fraud, (v) transnational crime, (vi) drug trafficking, (vii) human trafficking and (viii) proliferation financing. The Bank reviews and monitors its anti-money laundering compliance program to ensure it complies with the changes reflected in the AMLA and the regulations that implement it. 
 - 18 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulation. The U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC , administers and enforces economic and trade sanctions against targeted foreign countries and regimes, under authority of various laws, including designated foreign countries, nationals and others. OFAC publishes lists of specially designated targets and countries. The Company is responsible for, among other things, blocking accounts of, and transactions with, such targets and countries, prohibiting unlicensed trade and financial transactions with them and reporting blocked transactions after their occurrence. Failure to comply with these sanctions could have serious legal and reputational consequences, including causing applicable bank regulatory authorities not to approve merger or acquisition transactions when regulatory approval is required or to prohibit such transactions even if approval is not required. 
 Interstate Branching. Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, national and state-chartered banks may open an initial branch in a state other than its home state (e.g., a host state) by establishing a de novo branch at any location in such host state at which a bank chartered in such host state could establish a branch. Applications to establish such branches must still be filed with the appropriate primary federal regulator. 
 Transactions with Affiliates. FII, FSB, Five Star REIT, SDN, Courier Capital, HNP Capital and CHIL are affiliates within the meaning of the Federal Reserve Act. The Federal Reserve Act imposes limitations on a bank with respect to extensions of credit to, investments in, and certain other transactions with, its parent financial holding company and the holding company s other subsidiaries. Furthermore, bank loans and extensions of credit to affiliates also are subject to various collateral requirements. 
 Various governmental requirements, including Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and the FRB s Regulation W, limit borrowings by FII and its nonbank subsidiaries from FSB, and also limit various other transactions between FII and its nonbank subsidiaries, on the one hand, and FSB, on the other. For example, Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act limits the aggregate outstanding amount of any insured depository institution s loans and other covered transactions with any particular nonbank affiliate to no more than 10 of the institution s total capital and limits the aggregate outstanding amount of any insured depository institution s covered transactions with all of its nonbank affiliates to no more than 20 of its total capital. Covered transactions are defined by statute to include a loan or extension of credit, as well as a purchase of securities issued by an affiliate, a purchase of assets (unless otherwise exempted by the FRB) from the affiliate, the acceptance of securities issued by the affiliate as collateral for a loan, and the issuance of a guarantee, acceptance or letter of credit on behalf of an affiliate. Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act also generally requires that an insured depository institution s loans to its nonbank affiliates be, at a minimum, 100 secured, and Section 23B of the Federal Reserve Act generally requires that an insured depository institution s transactions with its nonbank affiliates be on terms and under circumstances that are substantially the same or at least as favorable as those prevailing for comparable transactions with non-affiliates. The Dodd-Frank Act significantly expanded the coverage and scope of the limitations on affiliate transactions within a banking organization. For example, the Dodd-Frank Act applies the 10 of capital limit on covered transactions to financial subsidiaries and amended the definition of covered transaction to include (i) securities borrowing or lending transactions with an affiliate, and (ii) all derivatives transactions with an affiliate, to the extent that either causes a bank or its affiliate to have credit exposure to the securities borrowing/lending or derivative counterparty. 
 Insurance Regulation. SDN is required to be licensed or receive regulatory approval in nearly every state in which it does business. In addition, most jurisdictions require individuals who engage in brokerage and certain other insurance service activities to be personally licensed. These licensing laws and regulations vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. In most jurisdictions, licensing laws and regulations generally grant broad discretion to supervisory authorities to adopt and amend regulations and to supervise regulated activities. 
 Investment Advisory Regulation. Courier Capital and HNP Capital are providers of investment consulting and financial planning services and, as such, are each considered an investment adviser under the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act ). An investment adviser is any person or entity that provides advice to others, or that issues reports or analyses, regarding securities for compensation. While a FHC is generally excluded from regulation under the Advisers Act, the SEC has stated that this exclusion does not apply to investment adviser subsidiaries of FHCs, such as Courier Capital and HNP Capital. Because Courier Capital and HNP Capital each have over 100 million in assets under management, each is individually considered a large adviser, which requires registration with the SEC by filing Form ADV, including Part 3 to Form ADV, or Form CRS, which discloses the material terms of the advisor s relationship with retail customers. Courier Capital and HNP Capital must update these forms at least once each year and more frequently under certain specified circumstances. This registration covers Courier Capital or HNP Capital and its employees as well as other persons under their control and supervision, such as independent contractors, provided that their activities are undertaken on behalf of Courier Capital or HNP Capital. 
 In addition to these registration requirements, the Advisers Act contains numerous other provisions that impose obligations on investment advisors. For example, Section 206 includes anti-fraud provisions that courts have interpreted as establishing fiduciary duties extending to all services undertaken on behalf of the client. These duties include, but are not limited to, the disclosure of all material facts to clients, providing only suitable investment advice, and seeking best price execution of trades. Section 206 also has specific rules relating to, among other things, advertising, safeguarding client assets, the engagement of third parties, the duty to supervise persons acting on the investment adviser s behalf, and the establishment of an effective internal compliance program and a code of ethics. 
 - 19 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Courier Capital and HNP Capital are subject to each of these obligations and, as applicable, restrictions, and are also subject to examination by the SEC s Office of Compliance, Investigations, and Examinations to assess their overall compliance with the Advisers Act and the effectiveness of their internal controls. 
 Commencing in October 2013, prior to the Parent s acquisition of Courier Capital and HNP Capital, the Bank entered into a partnership with LPL Financial, one of the nation s largest independent financial services companies LPL ), to provide investment advisory and broker-dealer services to the Bank s customers through LPL. This partnership continues and the Bank employs wealth advisors, who are licensed by LPL, to provide investment advisory and broker-dealer services to the Bank s customers. LPL is an investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act and is subject to its provisions. 
 Incentive Compensation. Our compensation practices are subject to oversight by the Federal Reserve. The Federal banking agencies guidance on incentive compensation policies intends to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of banking organizations do not encourage excessive risk-taking and undermine the safety and soundness of those organizations. The guidance, which covers all employees that have the ability to materially affect the risk profile of an organization, either individually or as part of a group, is based upon the key principles that a banking organization s incentive compensation arrangements should (i) provide incentives that do not encourage risk-taking beyond the organization s ability to effectively identify and manage risks, (ii) be compatible with effective internal controls and risk management, and (iii) be supported by strong corporate governance, including active and effective oversight by the organization s board of directors. 
 The FRB reviews, as part of the regular, risk-focused examination process, the incentive compensation arrangements of banking organizations, such as the Company, that are not large, complex banking organizations. These reviews are tailored to each organization based on the scope and complexity of the organization s activities and the prevalence of incentive compensation arrangements. The findings of the supervisory initiatives are included in reports of examination. Deficiencies are incorporated into the organization s supervisory ratings, which can affect the organization s ability to make acquisitions and take other actions. Enforcement actions may be taken against a banking organization if its incentive compensation arrangements, or related risk-management control or governance processes, pose a risk to the organization s safety and soundness and the organization is not taking prompt and effective measures to correct the deficiencies. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act requires the federal banking agencies and the SEC to establish joint regulations or guidelines prohibiting incentive-based payment arrangements at specified regulated entities having at least 1 billion in total consolidated assets (which would include the Company and the Bank) that encourage inappropriate risks by providing an executive officer, employee, director or principal shareholder with excessive compensation, fees or benefits or that could lead to material financial loss to the entity. In addition, the agencies must establish regulations or guidelines requiring enhanced disclosure to regulators of incentive-based compensation arrangements. In May 2016, the federal bank regulatory agencies and the SEC invited public comments on a proposed rule to accomplish this mandate, but no final rule has since been issued. 
 In October 2022, the SEC adopted a final rule implementing the incentive-based compensation recovery clawback provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. The final rule directs national securities exchanges and associations, including NASDAQ, to require listed companies to develop and implement clawback policies to recover erroneously awarded incentive-based compensation from current or former executive officers in the event of a required accounting restatement due to material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, and to disclose their clawback policies and any actions taken under these policies. The final rule required each exchange to propose conforming listing standards by February 26, 2023, which must be effective by November 28, 2023, and each listed issuer, including the Company, would then be required to adopt a clawback policy within 60 days after the effective date (i.e., by January 27, 2024, if the effective date is November 28, 2023). On February 22, 2023, NASDAQ filed proposed rule changes with the SEC to adopt clawback-related listing standards and procedures to delist the securities of issuers that are not in compliance with these standards. The proposed listing standards are subject to a 21-day public comment period following publication in the Federal Register. 
 Other Future Legislation and Changes in Regulations. In addition to the specific proposals described above, from time to time, various legislative and regulatory initiatives are introduced in Congress and state legislatures, as well as by regulatory agencies. Such initiatives may include proposals to expand or contract the powers of financial holding companies and depository institutions or proposals to substantially change the financial institution regulatory system. Such legislation could change banking statutes and/or our operating environment in substantial and unpredictable ways. If enacted, such legislation could increase or decrease the cost of doing business, limit or expand permissible activities or affect the competitive balance among banks, savings associations, credit unions, and other financial institutions. We cannot predict whether any such legislation will be enacted, and, if enacted, the effect that it, or any implementing regulations, would have on our financial condition or results of operations. A change in statutes, regulations or regulatory policies applicable to us or our subsidiaries could have a material effect on our business. 
 Regulatory and Economic Policies 
 Our business and earnings are affected by general and local economic conditions and by the monetary and fiscal policies of the U.S. government, its agencies and various other governmental regulatory authorities. The FRB regulates the supply of money in order to influence general economic conditions. Among the instruments of monetary policy available to the FRB are (i) conducting open market operations in U.S. government obligations, (ii) changing the discount rate on financial institution borrowings, (iii) imposing or changing reserve requirements against financial institution deposits, and (iv) restricting certain borrowings and imposing or changing reserve requirements against certain borrowings by financial institutions and their affiliates. These methods are used in varying degrees and combinations to directly affect the availability of bank loans and deposits, as well as the interest rates charged on loans and paid on deposits. For that reason, the policies of the FRB could have a material effect on our earnings. 
 - 20 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 1A. R ISK FACTORS 
 
 An investment in our common stock is subject to risks inherent to our business. The material risks and uncertainties that management believes could affect us are described below. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information included or incorporated by reference herein. This Annual Report on Form 10-K is qualified in its entirety by these risk factors. Further, to the extent that any of the information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K constitutes forward-looking statements, the risk factors set forth below also are cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of us. 
 If any of the following risks occur, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. If this were to happen, the value of our common stock could decline significantly, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 Credit Risks and Risks Related to Banking Activities 
 If we experience greater credit losses than anticipated, earnings may be adversely impacted. 
 As a lender, we are exposed to the risk that customers will be unable to repay their loans according to their terms and that any collateral securing the payment of their loans may not be sufficient to assure repayment. Credit losses are inherent in the business of making loans and could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 We make various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of our loan portfolio, including the creditworthiness of our borrowers and the value of the real estate and other assets serving as collateral, and we provide an allowance for estimated credit losses based on a number of factors. We believe that the allowance for credit losses is adequate. However, if our assumptions or judgments are wrong, the allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to cover the actual credit losses. We may have to increase the allowance in the future in response to the request of one of our primary banking regulators, to adjust for changing conditions and assumptions, or as a result of any deterioration in the quality of our loan portfolio. The actual amount of future provisions for credit losses may vary from the amount of past provisions. 
 Geographic concentration may unfavorably impact our operations. 
 Substantially all of our operations are concentrated in the Western and Central New York region. As a result of this geographic concentration, our results depend largely on economic conditions in these and surrounding areas. Deterioration in economic conditions in our market, whether caused by inflation, recessionary conditions, public health emergencies, unemployment, or other factors beyond our control, could: 
 increase loan delinquencies; 

increase problem assets and foreclosures; 

increase claims and lawsuits; 

decrease the demand for our products and services; and 

decrease the value of collateral for loans, especially real estate, reducing customers borrowing power, the value of assets associated with non-performing loans and collateral coverage. 

Generally, we make loans to small to mid-sized businesses whose success depends on the regional economy. These businesses generally have fewer financial resources in terms of capital or borrowing capacity than larger entities. Adverse economic and business conditions in our market areas, could reduce our growth rate, affect our borrowers ability to repay their loans and, consequently, adversely affect our business, financial condition and performance. For example, we place substantial reliance on real estate as collateral for our loan portfolio. A sharp downturn in real estate values in our market area could leave many of these loans inadequately collateralized. If we are required to liquidate the collateral securing a loan to satisfy the debt during a period of reduced real estate values, the impact on our results of operations could be materially adverse. 
 Our commercial business and mortgage loans increase our exposure to credit risks. 
 At December 31, 2022, our portfolio of commercial business and mortgage loans totaled 2.34 billion, or 58 of total loans. We plan to continue to emphasize the origination of these types of loans, which generally expose us to a greater risk of nonpayment and loss than residential real estate or consumer loans because repayment of such loans often depends on the successful operations and income stream of the borrowers. Additionally, such loans typically involve larger loan balances to single borrowers or groups of related borrowers compared to consumer loans or residential real estate loans. A sudden downturn in the economy, or a prolonged downturn for specific industries, could result in borrowers being unable to repay their loans, thus exposing us to increased credit risk. 
 - 21 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 If our regulators impose limitations on our commercial real estate lending activities, earnings could be adversely affected. 
 In 2006, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued joint guidance entitled Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate Lending, Sound Risk Management Practices (the CRE Guidance ). Although the CRE Guidance did not establish specific lending limits, it provides that a bank s commercial real estate lending exposure may receive increased supervisory scrutiny where total non-owner occupied commercial real estate loans, including loans secured by apartment buildings, investor commercial real estate and construction and land loans, represent 300 or more of an institution s total risk-based capital and the outstanding balance of the commercial real estate loan portfolio has increased by 50 or more during the preceding 36 months. Our non-owner occupied commercial real estate level equaled 263 of total risk-based capital at December 31, 2022. If our regulators were to impose restrictions on the amount of commercial real estate loans we can hold in our portfolio, or require higher capital ratios as a result of the level of commercial real estate loans held, our earnings would be adversely affected. 
 Our indirect and consumer lending involves risk elements in addition to normal credit risk. 
 A portion of our current lending involves the purchase of consumer automobile installment sales contracts from automobile dealers located in Western, Central and the Capital District of New York, and Northern and Central Pennsylvania. These loans are for the purchase of new or used automobiles. We serve customers that cover a range of creditworthiness, and the required terms and rates are reflective of those risk profiles. While these loans have higher yields than many of our other loans, such loans involve risk elements in addition to normal credit risk. Additional risk elements associated with indirect lending include the limited personal contact with the borrower as a result of indirect lending through non-bank channels, namely automobile dealers. While indirect automobile loans are secured, such loans are secured by depreciating assets and characterized by loan-to-value ratios that could result in us not recovering the full value of an outstanding loan upon default by the borrower. State and federal laws may further limit our ability to recover outstanding principal balances on such loans. If the losses from our indirect loan portfolio are higher than anticipated, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, our consumer lending activities are subject to numerous consumer protection laws and regulations, including fair lending laws. Because indirect automobile loan applications are originated by automobile dealerships, we assume the risk of unsatisfactory origination programs, including any noncompliance with federal, state, and local laws. If we were unable to comply with the regulations applicable to our consumer lending activities, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 Lack of seasoning in portions of our loan portfolio could increase risk of credit defaults in the future. 
 As a result of our growth over the past several years, certain portions of our loan portfolio, such as the increased size of our commercial loan portfolio, are of relatively recent origin. Loans may not begin to show signs of credit deterioration or default until they have been outstanding for some period of time, a process referred to as seasoning. As a result, a portfolio of older loans will usually behave more predictably than a newer portfolio. Because these portions of our portfolio are relatively new, the current level of delinquencies and defaults may not represent the level that may prevail as the portfolio becomes more seasoned. If delinquencies and defaults increase, we may be required to increase our provision for loan losses, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We accept deposits that do not have a fixed term, and which may be withdrawn by the customer at any time for any reason. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 3.65 billion of deposit liabilities that have no maturity and, therefore, may be withdrawn by the depositor at any time. These deposit liabilities include our checking, savings, and money market deposit accounts. 
 Market conditions may impact the competitive landscape for deposits in the banking industry. The rising rate environment and future actions the Federal Reserve may take may impact pricing and demand for deposits in the banking industry. The withdrawal of more deposits than we anticipate could have an adverse impact on our profitability as this source of funding, if not replaced by similar deposit funding, would need to be replaced with wholesale funding, the sale of interest-earning assets, or a combination of these two actions. The replacement of deposit funding with wholesale funding could cause our overall cost of funding to increase, which would reduce our net interest income. A loss of interest-earning assets could also reduce our net interest income. 
 - 22 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We are subject to environmental liability risk associated with our lending activities. 
 A significant portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real property. During the ordinary course of business, we may foreclose on and take title to properties securing certain loans. There is a risk that hazardous or toxic substances could be found on properties we have foreclosed upon. If hazardous or toxic substances are found, we may be liable for remediation costs, as well as for personal injury and property damage regardless of whether we knew, had reason to know of, or caused the release of such substance. Environmental laws may require us to incur substantial expenses and may materially reduce the affected property s value or limit our ability to use or sell the affected property. In addition, future laws or more stringent interpretations or enforcement policies with respect to existing laws may increase our exposure to environmental liability. The remediation costs and any other financial liabilities associated with an environmental hazard could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We operate in a highly competitive industry and market area. 
 We face substantial competition in all areas of our operations from a variety of different competitors, many of which are larger and may have more financial resources than us. Such competitors primarily include national, regional and internet banks within the markets in which we operate. We also face competition from many other types of financial institutions, including, without limitation, savings and loan associations, credit unions, finance companies, brokerage firms, insurance companies and other financial intermediaries. The financial services industry could become even more competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes and continued consolidation. Banks, securities firms and insurance companies can merge under the umbrella of a financial holding company, which can offer virtually any type of financial service, including banking, securities underwriting, insurance (both agency and underwriting), and merchant banking. Technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for nonbanks to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks, such as automatic transfer and automatic payment systems. More recently, peer to peer lending has emerged as an alternative borrowing source for our customers and many other non-banks offer lending and payment services, such as consumer credit through buy now - pay later offerings, in competition with banks. Many of these competitors have fewer regulatory constraints and may have lower cost structures. Additionally, due to their size, many of our larger competitors may be able to achieve economies of scale and, as a result, may offer a broader range of products and services than we can at competitive prices or with low or no fees. 
 Our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including, among other things: 
 the ability to develop, maintain and build upon long-term customer relationships based on top quality service, high ethical standards and safe, sound assets; 

the ability to expand our market position; 

the scope, relevance and pricing of products and services offered to meet customer needs and demands; 

the rate at which we introduce new products and services relative to our competitors; 

customer satisfaction with our level of service; and 

industry and general economic trends. 

Failure to perform in any of these areas could significantly weaken our competitive position, which could adversely affect our growth and profitability, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes to and replacement of the LIBOR Benchmark Interest Rate may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We have material contracts that are indexed to the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ). In 2017, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority, a regulator of financial services firms and financial markets in the United Kingdom, announced that the publication of LIBOR would not be guaranteed after 2021. LIBOR will be discontinued after June 2023 and will impact loans that have not yet matured or been refinanced by that date. This announcement, and, more generally, financial benchmark reforms and changes in the interbank lending markets, have resulted in uncertainty about the interest rate benchmarks that will be used in the future. In the United States, efforts to identify a set of alternative U.S. dollar reference interest rates have been ongoing, and the Alternative Reference Rate Committee formally recommended the use of a Secured Overnight Funding Rate SOFR ). The March 2022 enactment of the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act and the Federal Reserve s proposed implementing regulations are intended to address the discontinuation of LIBOR and establish a replacement benchmark, based on SOFR, that will automatically apply to agreements that rely on LIBOR and do not have an alternative contractual fallback benchmark. SOFR-based replacement benchmarks may also apply to contracts with fallback provisions that authorize a particular person to determine the replacement benchmark. We have generally selected to use the Federal Reserve-recommended SOFR-linked replacement rate as an alternative to LIBOR. 
 - 23 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 While the LIBOR Act and implementing regulations will help to transition legacy LIBOR contracts to a new benchmark rate, the substitution of SOFR for LIBOR may have potentially significant economic impacts on parties to affected contracts. SOFR is different from LIBOR in that it is a retrospective-looking secured rate rather than a forward-looking unsecured rate. These differences could lead to a greater disconnect between our and the Bank s costs to raise funds for SOFR as compared to LIBOR. In addition to the discontinuance of LIBOR, there may be future changes in the rules or methodologies used to calculate SOFR or other benchmarks, which may have a material adverse effect on the value of or return on our financial assets and liabilities that are based on or are linked to LIBOR and other benchmarks. Once LIBOR rates are no longer available, and we are required to implement replacement reference rates for the calculation of interest rates under our loan agreements with borrowers, we may incur significant expense in effecting the transition and we may be subject to disputes or litigation with our borrowers over the appropriateness or comparability to LIBOR of the replacement reference rates. Once LIBOR rates are no longer available, and we are required to implement replacement reference rates for the calculation of interest rates under our loan agreements with borrowers, we may incur significant expense in effecting the transition and we may be subject to disputes or litigation with our borrowers over the appropriateness or comparability to LIBOR of the replacement reference rates. The uncertainty related to these changes may have an unpredictable impact on the financial markets and could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 Legal and regulatory proceedings and related matters could adversely affect us and the banking industry in general. 
 We have been, and may in the future be, subject to various legal and regulatory proceedings, including class action litigation. It is inherently difficult to assess the outcome of these matters, and there can be no assurance that we will prevail in any proceeding or litigation. Legal and regulatory matters of any degree of significance could result in substantial cost and diversion of our efforts, which by itself could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. 
 As disclosed in Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings, an action has been brought against us by four individuals who sought and were granted class certification to represent classes of consumers who allege to have obtained direct or indirect financing from us for the purchase of vehicles that we later repossessed. On September 30, 2021, the court granted plaintiffs motion for class certification and matters and certified four different classes (two classes of New York consumers and two classes of Pennsylvania consumers). There are approximately 5,200 members in the New York classes and approximately 300 members in the Pennsylvania classes. If we settle these claims or the litigation is not resolved in our favor, we may suffer reputational damage and incur legal costs, settlements or judgments that exceed the amounts covered by our existing insurance policies. We can provide no assurances that our insurer will cover the full legal costs, settlements or judgements we incur. If we are not successful in defending ourselves from these claims, or if our insurer does not cover the full amount of legal costs we incur, the result may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, adverse determinations in such matters could result in actions by our regulators that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. There can be no guarantee that other proceedings that may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition will not arise in the near or long-term future. 
 We establish reserves for legal claims when payments associated with the claims become probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated. We may still incur legal costs for a matter even if we have not established a reserve. In addition, due to the inherent subjectivity of the assessments and unpredictability of the outcome of legal proceedings, the actual cost of resolving a legal claim may be substantially higher than any amounts reserved for that matter. The ultimate resolution of a pending legal proceeding, depending on the remedy sought and granted, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Any future FDIC insurance premium increases may adversely affect our earnings. 
 The amount that is assessed by the FDIC for deposit insurance is set by the FDIC based on a variety of factors. These include the depositor insurance fund s reserve ratio, the Bank s assessment base, which is equal to average consolidated total assets minus average tangible equity, and various inputs into the FDIC s assessment rate calculation. 
 If there are financial institution failures, we may be required to pay higher FDIC premiums. Such increases of FDIC insurance premiums may adversely impact our earnings. See the section captioned Supervision and Regulation included in Part I, Item 1 Business for more information about FDIC insurance premiums. 
 - 24 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We are highly regulated, and any adverse regulatory action may result in additional costs, loss of business opportunities, and reputational damage. 
 As described in the section captioned Supervision and Regulation included in Part I, Item 1, Business, we are subject to extensive supervision, regulation and examination. The various regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over us have significant latitude in addressing our compliance with applicable laws and regulations including, but not limited to, those governing consumer credit, fair lending, anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism, capital adequacy, asset quality and risk, management ability and performance, earnings, liquidity, and various other factors affecting us. As part of this regulatory structure, we are subject to policies and other guidance developed by the regulatory agencies with respect to, among other things, capital levels, the timing and amount of dividend payments, the classification of assets and the establishment of adequate loan loss reserves for regulatory purposes. Our regulators have broad discretion to impose monetary fines or restrictions and limitations on our operations if they determine, for any reason, that our operations are unsafe or unsound, fail to comply with applicable law or are otherwise inconsistent with laws and regulations or with the supervisory policies of these agencies. 
 This supervisory framework could materially impact the conduct, growth and profitability of our operations. Any failure on our part to comply with current laws, regulations, other regulatory requirements or safe and sound banking, insurance, or investment advisory practices or concerns about our financial condition, or any related regulatory sanctions or adverse actions against us, could increase our costs or restrict our ability to expand our business and result in damage to our reputation. 
 The policies of the Federal Reserve have a significant impact on our earnings. 
 The policies of the Federal Reserve impact us significantly. The Federal Reserve regulates the supply of money and credit in the United States. Its policies directly and indirectly influence the rate of interest earned on loans and paid on borrowings and interest-bearing deposits and can also affect the value of financial instruments we hold. Those policies determine, to a significant extent, our cost of funds for lending and investing and impact our net interest income, our primary source of revenue. Changes in those policies are beyond our control and are difficult to predict. Federal Reserve policies can also affect our borrowers, potentially increasing the risk that they may fail to repay their loans. For example, a tightening of the money supply by the Federal Reserve could reduce the demand for a borrower s products and services. This could adversely affect the borrower s earnings and ability to repay its loan, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Non-Banking Activities 
 Our insurance brokerage subsidiary is subject to risk related to the insurance industry. 
 SDN derives the bulk of its revenue from commissions and fees earned from brokerage services. SDN does not determine the insurance premiums on which its commissions are based. Insurance premiums are cyclical in nature and may vary widely based on market conditions. As a result, insurance brokerage revenues and profitability can be volatile. As insurance companies outsource the production of premium revenue to non-affiliated brokers or agents such as SDN, those insurance companies may seek to further minimize their expenses by reducing the commission rates payable to insurance agents or brokers, which could adversely affect SDN s revenues. In addition, there have been and may continue to be various trends in the insurance industry toward alternative insurance markets including, among other things, increased use of self-insurance, captives, and risk retention groups. While SDN has been able to participate in certain of these activities and earn fees for such services, there can be no assurance that we will realize revenues and profitability as favorable as those realized from SDN s traditional brokerage activities. 
 Our investment advisory and wealth management operations are subject to risk related to the regulation of the financial services industry and market volatility. 
 The financial services industry is subject to extensive regulation at the federal and state levels. It is very difficult to predict the future impact of the legislative and regulatory requirements affecting our business. The securities laws and other laws that govern the activities of our registered investment advisor are complex and subject to change. The activities of our investment advisory and wealth management operations are subject primarily to provisions of the Advisers Act and the Employee Retirement Income Act of 1940, as amended ERISA ). We are a fiduciary under ERISA. Our investment advisory services are also subject to state laws including anti-fraud laws and regulations. 
 In addition, the broker-dealer services provided by Courier Capital and HNP Capital are subject to Regulation Best Interest, which requires a broker-dealer to act in the best interest of a retail customer when making a recommendation to that customer of any securities transaction or investment strategy involving securities. The regulation imposes heightened standards on broker-dealers and will require us to review and modify the policies and procedures of our wealth management operations, as well as associated supervisory and compliance controls. 
 - 25 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Any claim of noncompliance, regardless of merit or ultimate outcome, could subject us to investigation by the SEC or other regulatory authorities or harm our reputation and customer relationships. Our compliance processes may not be sufficient to prevent assertions that we failed to comply with any applicable law, rule or regulation. If our investment advisory and wealth management operations are subject to investigation by the SEC or other regulatory authorities or if litigation is brought by clients based on our failure to comply with applicable regulations, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 Our investment advisory revenue may decrease as a result of poor investment performance, in either relative or absolute terms, which could decrease our revenues and net income. 
 Our investment advisory business derives a significant amount of its revenues from investment management fees based on assets under management. Our ability to maintain or increase assets under management is subject to a number of factors, including our clients evaluation of the past performance of our investment advisory business, in either relative or absolute terms, general market and economic conditions, and competition from other investment management firms. A decline in the fair value of the assets under management would decrease our investment advisory revenue. 
 Investment performance is one of the most important factors in retaining existing investment advisory clients and competing for new investment advisory clients. Poor investment performance could reduce our investment advisory revenues and impede the growth of our investment advisory business in the following ways: existing clients may withdraw funds from our investment advisory business in favor of better performing products or firms; asset-based management fees could decline from a decrease in assets under management; our ability to attract funds from existing and new clients might diminish; and the investment advisory personnel may depart to join a competitor or otherwise. 
 Strategic and Operational Risks 
 We make certain assumptions and estimates in preparing our financial statements that may prove to be incorrect, which could significantly impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and we are subject to new or changing accounting rules and interpretations, and the failure by us to correctly interpret or apply these evolving rules and interpretations could have a material adverse effect. 
 Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States require us to use certain assumptions and estimates in preparing our financial statements, including in determining credit loss reserves and reserves related to litigation, among other items. Certain of our financial instruments, including available-for-sale securities and certain loans, require a determination of their fair value in order to prepare our financial statements. Where quoted market prices are not available, we may make fair value determinations based on internally developed models or other means, which ultimately rely to some degree on management judgment. Some of these and other assets and liabilities may have no direct observable price levels, making their valuation particularly subjective, as they are based on significant estimation and judgment. In addition, sudden illiquidity in markets or declines in prices of certain loans and securities may make it more difficult to value certain balance sheet items, which may lead to the possibility that such valuations will be subject to further change or adjustment. If assumptions or estimates underlying our financial statements are incorrect, we may experience material losses that would impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 As indicated in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Recent Accounting Pronouncements, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the regulations, rules, standards, policies, and interpretations underlying GAAP are constantly evolving and may change significantly over time. In particular, effective January 1, 2020, we implemented FASB s Accounting Standards Update 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326) Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , which requires us to recognize an allowance for credit losses based on historical experience, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts, as opposed to recognizing an allowance when it is probable that a loss has been incurred. This change in GAAP increased our allowance for credit losses and created more volatility in the level of our allowance for credit losses, and has been, and will continue to be, impacted by the Company s loan and securities portfolios composition, attributes and quality. If we fail to interpret any one or more of these GAAP provisions correctly, or if our methodology in applying them to our financial reporting or disclosures is at all flawed, our financial statements may contain inaccuracies that, if severe enough, could warrant a later restatement by us, which in turn could result in a material adverse event. 
 The value of our goodwill and other intangible assets may decline in the future. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 67.1 million of goodwill and 6.3 million of other intangible assets. Significant and sustained declines in our stock price and market capitalization, significant declines in our expected future cash flows, significant adverse changes in the business climate or slower growth rates may necessitate our taking charges in the future related to the impairment of our goodwill. Future regulatory actions could also have a material impact on assessments of goodwill for impairment. If the fair value of our net assets improves at a faster rate than the market value of our reporting units, or if we were to experience increases in book values of a reporting unit in excess of the increase in fair value of equity, we may also have to take charges related to the impairment of our goodwill. If we were to conclude that a future write-down of our goodwill is necessary, we would record the appropriate charge, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 - 26 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Identifiable intangible assets other than goodwill consist of core deposit intangibles and other intangible assets (primarily customer relationships). Adverse events or circumstances could impact the recoverability of these intangible assets including loss of core deposits, significant losses of customer accounts and/or balances, increased competition or adverse changes in the economy. To the extent these intangible assets are deemed unrecoverable, a non-cash impairment charge would be recorded which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 We may be unable to successfully implement our growth strategies, including the integration and successful management of newly-acquired businesses. 
 Our current growth strategy is multi-faceted. We seek to expand our branch network into nearby areas, continue to invest in our digital banking strategy, develop new sustainable revenue streams through BaaS, make strategic acquisitions of loans, portfolios, other regional banks and non-banking firms whose businesses we feel may be complementary with ours, and to continue to organically grow our core deposits. Any failure by us to effectively implement any one or more of these growth strategies could have several negative effects, including a possible decline in the size or the quality, or both, of our loan portfolio or a decrease in profitability caused by an increase in operating expenses. 
 We hope to continue an active merger and acquisition strategy. However, even if we use our common stock as the predominant form of consideration, we may need to raise capital to negotiate a transaction on terms acceptable to us and there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise a sufficient amount of capital to enable us to complete an acquisition. It is also possible that even with adequate capital we may still be unable to complete an acquisition on favorable terms, causing us to miss opportunities to increase our earnings and expand or diversify our operations. 
 Our growth strategy is also dependent upon the successful integration of new businesses and any future acquisitions into our existing operations. While our senior management team has had extensive experience in acquisitions and post-acquisition integration, there is no guarantee that our current or future integration efforts will be successful, and if our senior management is forced to spend a disproportionate amount of time on integrating recently-acquired businesses, it may distract their attention from operating our business or pursuing other growth opportunities. 
 Acquisitions may disrupt our business and dilute shareholder value. 
 We intend to continue to pursue a growth strategy for our business by expanding our branch network into communities within or complementary to markets where we currently conduct business. We may consider acquisitions of loans or securities portfolios, lending or leasing firms, commercial and small business lenders, residential lenders, direct banks, banks or bank branches, wealth and investment management firms, securities brokerage firms, specialty finance or other financial services-related companies. We also intend to expand our non-banking subsidiaries, SDN, Courier Capital and HNP Capital, by acquiring smaller insurance agencies, such as Landmark and North Woods and wealth management firms in areas which complement our current footprint. We may be unsuccessful in expanding our non-banking subsidiaries through acquisition because of the growing interest in our industry in acquiring insurance brokers and wealth management firms, which could make it more difficult for us to identify appropriate targets and could make such acquisitions more expensive. Even if we are able to identify appropriate acquisition targets, we may not have sufficient capital to fund acquisitions or be able to execute transactions on favorable terms. If we are unable to pursue our growth strategy, we may not be able to achieve all of the expected benefits of our historical acquisitions, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Acquiring other banks, businesses, or branches involves potential adverse impact to our financial results and various other risks commonly associated with acquisitions, including, among other things: 
 difficulty in estimating the value of the target company; 

payment of a premium over book and market values that may dilute our tangible book value and earnings per share in the short and long term; 

potential exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities of the target company; 

exposure to potential asset quality issues of the target company; 

volatility in reported income as goodwill impairment losses could occur irregularly and in varying amounts; 

challenge and expense of integrating the operations and personnel of the target company; 

inability to realize the expected revenue increases, cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence, and other projected benefits; 

potential disruption to our business; 

potential diversion of our management s time and attention; 

the possible loss of key employees and customers of the target company; 

potential changes in banking or tax laws or regulations that may affect the target company; and 

additional regulatory burdens associated with new lines of business. 

- 27 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our tax strategies and the value of our deferred tax assets and liabilities could adversely affect our operating results and regulatory capital ratios. 
 Our tax strategies are dependent upon our ability to generate taxable income in future periods. Our tax strategies will be less effective in the event we fail to generate taxable income. Our deferred tax assets are subject to an evaluation of whether it is more likely than not that they will be realized for financial statement purposes. In making this determination, we consider all positive and negative evidence available including the impact of recent operating results, reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, tax planning strategies and projected earnings within the statutory tax loss carryover period. If we were to conclude that a significant portion of our deferred tax assets were not more likely than not to be realized, the required valuation allowance could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and regulatory capital ratios. In addition, the value of our deferred tax assets could be adversely affected by a change in statutory rates. 
 Liquidity is essential to our businesses. 
 Liquidity is essential to our business as we must be able to meet the cash needs of borrowers and depositors. Our liquidity could be impaired by an inability to access the capital markets or unforeseen outflows of cash. Reduced liquidity may arise due to circumstances that we may be unable to control, such as a general market disruption or an operational problem that affects third parties or us. Our efforts to monitor and manage liquidity risk may not be successful or sufficient to deal with dramatic or unanticipated reductions in our liquidity. In such events, our cost of funds may increase, thereby reducing our net interest income, or we may need to sell a portion of our investment and/or loan portfolio, which, depending upon market conditions, could result in us realizing a loss. 
 
 We rely on dividends from our subsidiaries for most of our revenue. 
 We are a separate and distinct legal entity from our subsidiaries. A substantial portion of our revenue comes from dividends from our Bank subsidiary. These dividends are the principal source of funds we use to pay dividends on our common and preferred stock, and to pay interest and principal on our debt. Federal and/or state laws and regulations limit the amount of dividends that our Bank subsidiary may pay to us. Also, our right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary s liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary s creditors. In the event our Bank subsidiary is unable to pay dividends to us, we may not be able to service debt, pay obligations, or pay dividends on our common and preferred stock. The inability to receive dividends from our Bank subsidiary could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 If our risk management framework does not effectively identify or mitigate our risks, we could suffer losses. 
 Our risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. We have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor and report the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, operations risk, compliance risk, reputation risk, strategic risk, market risk, and liquidity risk. We seek to monitor and control our risk exposure through a framework of policies, procedures and reporting requirements. Management of our risks in some cases depends upon the use of analytical and/or forecasting models. If the models used to mitigate these risks are inadequate, we may incur losses. In addition, there may be risks that exist, or that develop in the future, that we have not appropriately anticipated, identified or mitigated. If our risk management framework does not effectively identify or mitigate our risks, we could suffer unexpected losses and could be materially adversely affected. 
 Public health emergencies, like the COVID-19 outbreak, may have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic caused significant economic dislocation in the United States. Certain industries were particularly hard-hit, including the travel and hospitality industry, the restaurant industry, the retail industry, the healthcare industry, restaurants and food services, and entertainment and recreation. As of December 31, 2022, our loans to customers in these industries constituted approximately 7 of our total loan portfolio. We have experienced charge-offs that were precipitated by the COVID-19 pandemic, such as an 8.2 million charge-off of a 11.9 million commercial loan in the hotel, motel and lodging industry in the first quarter of 2020 and related foreclosure in the third quarter of 2020. Additionally, the spread of COVID-19 temporarily caused us to modify our business practices, including placing restrictions on employee travel and implementing remote work practices. 
 Given the dynamic nature of the pandemic, it is difficult to predict the full impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on our business. As a result of a public health emergency, including the COVID-19 pandemic, and the related adverse local and national consequences, and as a result of governmental, consumer and business responses to any outbreak, we may be subject to the following risks, any of which could have a material, adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, or results of operations: demand for our products and services may decline; if consumer and business activities are restricted, loan delinquencies, problem assets, and foreclosures may increase, resulting in increased charges and reduced income; collateral for loans, especially real estate, may decline in value, which could increase loan losses; our allowance for credit losses may have to be increased if borrowers experience financial difficulties; a material decrease in net income or a net loss over several quarters could affect our ability to pay cash dividends; cyber security risks may be increased as the result of an increase in the number of employees working remotely; critical services provided by third-party vendors may become unavailable; government actions and vaccine mandates in response to the pandemic may affect our workforce, 
 - 28 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 human capital resources and infrastructure; and the Company may experience staffing shortages and unanticipated unavailability or loss of key employees, harming our ability to execute our business strategy. Any one or a combination of the foregoing factors could negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Market Risks 
 We are subject to interest rate risk, and fluctuations in market interest rates may affect our interest margins and income, demand for our products, defaults on loans, loan prepayments and the fair value of our financial instruments. 
 Our earnings and cash flows depend largely upon our net interest income. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including general economic conditions and policies of governmental and regulatory agencies, particularly the Federal Reserve. Changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, could influence the interest we receive on loans and investments and the amount of interest we pay on deposits and borrowings, which may affect our net interest margins. Such changes could also affect (i) demand for our products and services and price competition, in turn affecting our ability to originate loans and obtain deposits; (ii) the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities; (iii) the average duration of our mortgage-backed securities portfolio and other interest-earning assets; (iv) levels of defaults on loans; and (v) loan prepayments. 
 During 2022, in response to accelerated inflation, the Federal Reserve implemented monetary tightening policies, resulting in significantly increased interest rates. The Federal Reserve has signaled that further tightening is anticipated. If the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings increase at a faster rate than the interest rates received on loans and other investments, our net interest income, and therefore earnings, could be adversely affected. In addition, our net interest margin may contract in a rising rate environment because our funding costs may increase faster than the yield we earn on our interest-earning assets. In a rising rate environment, demand for loans may decrease and loans with adjustable interest rates are more likely to experience a higher rate of default. Additionally, changes in interest rates also affect the fair value of the securities portfolio. Generally, the value of securities moves inversely with changes in interest rates. The combination of these events may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Earnings could also be adversely affected if the interest rates received on loans and other investments fall more quickly than the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings. In addition, in a falling rate environment or the recent pandemic-related environment where the Federal Reserve held the federal reference rate near 0.00 , loans may be prepaid sooner than we expect, which could result in a delay between when we receive the prepayment and when we are able to redeploy the funds into new interest-earning assets and in a decrease in the amount of interest income we are able to earn on those assets. If we are unable to manage these risks effectively, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 Any substantial, unexpected or prolonged change in market interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Also, our interest rate risk modeling techniques and assumptions likely may not fully predict or capture the impact of actual interest rate changes on our balance sheet. 
 The soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us. 
 Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, or other relationships. We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including commercial banks, brokers and dealers, investment banks, and other institutional clients. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of a default by our counterparty or client. In addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by us cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the credit or derivative exposure due us. Any such losses could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may need to raise additional capital in the future and such capital may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. 
 We may need to raise additional capital in the future to provide sufficient capital resources and liquidity to meet our commitments and business needs. 
 In addition, we are highly regulated, and our regulators could require us to raise additional common equity in the future. We and our regulators perform a variety of analyses of our assets, including the preparation of stress case scenarios, and as a result of those assessments we could determine, or our regulators could require us, to raise additional capital. 
 Our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, will depend on our financial performance and, among other things, conditions in the capital markets at that time, which are outside of our control. We may not be able to access required capital on acceptable terms or at all. Any occurrence that may limit our access to the capital markets, such as a decline in the confidence of debt purchasers, depositors of the Bank or counterparties participating in the capital markets, or a downgrade of our debt rating, may adversely affect our capital costs and ability to raise capital and, in turn, our liquidity. An inability to raise additional capital on acceptable terms when needed could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 
 - 29 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Technology and Cybersecurity Risks 
 We face competition in staying current with technological changes and banking alternatives to compete and meet customer demands. 
 The financial services market, including banking services, faces rapid changes with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. Our future success may depend, in part, on our ability to use technology to provide products and services that provide convenience to customers and to create additional efficiencies in our operations. Some of our competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements than we currently have. We may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. In addition, technology and other changes are allowing consumers to utilize alternative methods to complete financial transactions that have historically involved banks. For example, consumers can now maintain funds in brokerage accounts or mutual funds that would have historically been held as bank deposits. Consumers can also complete transactions such as paying bills and transferring funds directly without using a traditional bank as an intermediary. The process of eliminating banks as intermediaries could result in the loss of customer deposits, the related income generated from those deposits and additional fee income. We may not be able to effectively compete with these banking alternatives for consumer deposits. As a result, our ability to effectively compete to retain or acquire new business may be impaired, and our business, financial condition or results of operations, may be adversely affected. 
 We rely on other companies to provide key components of our business infrastructure. 
 Third-party vendors provide key components of our business infrastructure such as internet connections, network access and core application processing. While we have selected these third-party vendors carefully, we do not control their actions. Any problems caused by these third parties, including as a result of them not providing us their services for any reason or them performing their services poorly, could adversely affect our ability to deliver products and services to our customers or otherwise conduct our business efficiently and effectively. Replacing these third-party vendors could also entail significant delay and expense. 
 Third parties perform significant operational services on our behalf. These third-party vendors are subject to similar risks as us relating to cybersecurity, breakdowns or failures of their own systems or employees. One or more of our vendors may experience a cybersecurity event or operational disruption and, if any such event does occur, it may not be adequately addressed, either operationally or financially, by the third-party vendor. Certain of our vendors may have limited indemnification obligations or may not have the financial capacity to satisfy their indemnification obligations. Financial or operational difficulties of a vendor could also impair our operations if those difficulties interfere with the vendor s ability to serve us. If a critical vendor is unable to meet our needs in a timely manner or if the services or products provided by such a vendor are terminated or otherwise delayed and if we are not able to develop alternative sources for these services and products quickly and cost-effectively, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. Federal banking regulators have proposed rules on managing the risks of how banks select, engage and manage their outside vendors and issued voluntary guidance for banks on similar issues. These regulations and guidance may affect the circumstances and conditions under which we work with third parties and the cost of managing such relationships. 
 A breach in security of our or third-party information systems, including the occurrence of a cyber incident or a deficiency in cybersecurity, or a failure by us to comply with New York State cybersecurity regulations, may subject us to liability, result in a loss of customer business or damage our brand image. 
 We rely heavily on communications, information systems (both internal and provided by third parties) and the internet to conduct our business. Our business depends on our ability to process and monitor a large volume of daily transactions in compliance with legal, regulatory and internal standards and specifications. In addition, a significant portion of our operations relies heavily on the secure processing, storage and transmission of personal and confidential information of our customers and clients. These risks may increase in the future as our customers continue to adapt to mobile payment and other internet-based product offerings and we expand the availability of web-based products and applications. 
 In addition, several U.S. financial institutions have experienced significant distributed denial-of-service attacks, some of which involved sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to disable or degrade service or sabotage systems. Other potential attacks have attempted to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information or destroy data, often through the introduction of computer viruses or malware, cyber-attacks and other means. Such security attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources, including persons who are involved with organized crime or who may be linked to terrorist organizations or hostile foreign governments. Those same parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or that of our customers or clients. We are also subject to the risk that our employees may intercept and transmit unauthorized confidential or proprietary information. An interception, misuse or mishandling of personal, confidential or proprietary information being sent to or received from a customer or third party could result in legal liability, remediation costs, regulatory action and reputational harm, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are subject to cybersecurity regulations promulgated by the NY DFS. Any failure by us to comply with these regulations could also result in regulatory sanctions, public disclosure and reputational damage even if we do not experience a significant cybersecurity breach. 
 - 30 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Furthermore, as the threat of cyber-attacks continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our systems, or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities in our systems. Due to the complexity and interconnectedness of information technology systems, the process of enhancing our systems can itself create a risk of systems disruptions and security issues. 
 Risks Related to our Common Stock 
 We may not pay or may reduce the dividends on our common stock. 
 Holders of our common stock are only entitled to receive such dividends as our Board of Directors may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. Although we have historically declared cash dividends on our common stock, we are not required to do so and may reduce or eliminate our common stock dividend in the future. This could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 We may issue debt and equity securities or securities convertible into equity securities, any of which may be senior to our common stock as to distributions and in liquidation, which could dilute our current shareholders or negatively affect the value of our common stock. 
 In the future, we may attempt to increase our capital resources by entering into debt or debt-like financing that is unsecured or secured by all or up to all of our assets, or by issuing additional debt or equity securities, which could include issuances of secured or unsecured commercial paper, medium-term notes, senior notes, subordinated notes, preferred stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for equity securities. In the event of our liquidation, our lenders and holders of our debt and preferred securities would receive a distribution of our available assets before distributions to the holders of our common stock. For example, our outstanding shares of Series A 3 and Series B-1 8.48 Preferred Stock have a preferential right to receive dividends before holders of our common stock. We must declare and pay annual dividends of 3 per share to Series A 3 Preferred Stock holders and of 8.48 per share to Series B-1 8.48 Preferred Stock holders before any dividends or dissolution payments can be paid to holders of common stock. Because our decision to incur debt and issue securities in our future offerings will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings and debt financings. Further, market conditions could require us to accept less favorable terms for the issuance of our securities in the future. We may also issue additional shares of our common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock that could dilute our current shareholders and affect the value of our common stock. 
 Our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws, and certain banking laws may have an anti-takeover effect. 
 Provisions of our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws, and federal and state banking laws, including regulatory approval requirements, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so would be perceived to be beneficial to our shareholders. The combination of these provisions may discourage others from initiating a potential merger, takeover or other change of control transaction, which, in turn, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors. 
 Our quarterly and annual operating results have varied in the past and could vary significantly in the future, which makes it difficult for us to predict our future operating results. Our operating results may fluctuate due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including the changing U.S. economic environment and changes in the commercial and residential real estate market, any of which may cause our stock price to fluctuate. If our operating results fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. Our stock price can fluctuate significantly in response to a variety of factors including, among other things: 
 volatility of stock market prices and volumes in general; 

changes in market valuations of similar companies; 

changes in conditions in credit markets; 

changes in accounting policies or procedures as required by the FASB or other regulatory agencies; 

legislative and regulatory actions subjecting us to additional or different regulatory oversight which may result in increased compliance costs and/or require us to change our business model; 

government intervention in the U.S. financial system and the effects of and changes in trade and monetary and fiscal policies and laws, including the interest rate policies of the Federal Reserve Board; 

political instability and uncertainty, both within the U.S. and internationally; 

additions or departures of key members of management; 

negative publicity regarding our business; 

fluctuations in our quarterly or annual operating results; and 

changes in analysts estimates of our financial performance. 

- 31 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 We may not be able to attract and retain skilled people. 
 Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain skilled people. Competition for highly talented people can be intense, and we may not be able to hire sufficiently skilled people or retain them. Further, the rural location of our principal executive offices and many of our bank branches make it challenging for us to attract skilled people to such locations. The unexpected loss of services of one or more of our key personnel could have a material adverse impact on our business because of their skills, knowledge of our markets, years of industry experience, and the difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement personnel. 
 We use financial models for business planning purposes that may not adequately predict future results. 
 We use financial models to aid in planning for various purposes including our capital and liquidity needs, interest rate risk, potential charge-offs, reserves, and other purposes. The models used may not accurately account for all variables that could affect future results, may fail to predict outcomes accurately and/or may overstate or understate certain effects. As a result of these potential failures, we may not adequately prepare for future events and may suffer losses or other setbacks due to these failures. 
 We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about or from customers and counterparties. 
 In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions, we may rely on information furnished by or on behalf of customers and counterparties, including financial statements, credit reports, and other financial information. We may also rely on representations of those customers, counterparties, or other third parties, such as independent auditors, as to the accuracy and completeness of that information. Reliance on inaccurate or misleading financial statements, credit reports, or other financial information could cause us to enter into unfavorable transactions, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business may be adversely affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions generally, including macroeconomic pressures such as inflation, supply chain issues, and geopolitical risks associated with international conflict. 
 Our financial performance generally, and in particular the ability of borrowers to pay interest on and repay principal of outstanding loans and the value of collateral securing those loans, as well as demand for loans and other products and services we offer, is highly dependent on the business environment in the markets where we operate, in the State of New York and in the United States as a whole. Additionally, international conflict, such as the war in Ukraine and the impact of sanctions on Russia and Russian companies may impact global markets, which may create unfavorable or uncertain economic conditions. A favorable business environment is generally characterized by, among other factors, economic growth, efficient capital markets, low inflation, low unemployment, high business and investor confidence, and strong business earnings. Unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions can be caused by declines in economic growth, business activity or investor or business confidence; limitations on the availability or increases in the cost of credit and capital; increases in inflation or interest rates; high unemployment, natural disasters; or a combination of these or other factors. The occurrence of any of these conditions could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Severe weather, natural disasters, public health emergencies and pandemics, acts of war or terrorism, and other external events could significantly impact our business. 
 Severe weather, natural disasters, public health emergencies and pandemics, acts of war or terrorism, and other adverse external events could have a significant impact on our ability to conduct business. Such events could affect the operations of our bank branches, stability of our deposit base, impair the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, cause significant property damage, result in loss of revenue, and/or cause us to incur additional expenses. The occurrence of any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Negative public opinion could damage our reputation and impact business operations and revenues. 
 As a financial institution, our earnings and capital are subject to risk associated with negative public opinion. Negative public opinion could result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending practices, the failure of any of our products or services to meet our clients expectations or applicable regulatory requirements, corporate governance and acquisitions, social media and other marketing activities, the implementation of environmental, social and governance practices or actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to any of the foregoing. Negative public opinion could affect our ability to attract and/or retain clients, could expose us to litigation and regulatory action, and could have a material adverse effect on our stock price or result in heightened volatility. Negative public opinion could also affect our ability to borrow funds in the unsecured wholesale debt markets. 
 Environmental, social and governance matters, and any related reporting obligations may impact our business. 
 U.S. and international regulators, investors and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on environmental, social, and governance ESG matters. Additionally, shareholder activism and potential regulatory reform may lead to substantial new regulations and 
 - 32 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 disclosure obligations, including with respect to ESG matters, which may lead to additional compliance costs and impact the manner in which we operate our business in ways that may materially adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. We could also face potential negative publicity in traditional media or social media if investors determine that we have not adequately considered or addressed ESG matters, which may result in adverse effects on the trading price of our common stock. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLV ED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PR OPERTIES 
 
 We own a 27,400 square foot building in Warsaw, New York that serves as our headquarters, and principal executive and administrative offices. We lease a 52,300 square foot regional administrative facility located in Rochester, New York. This lease expires in August 2027, with options for two additional ten-year extensions. 
 We are engaged in the banking business through 48 branch offices, of which 31 are owned and 17 are leased, in the following fourteen contiguous counties of Western and Central New York: Allegany, Cattaraugus, Cayuga, Chemung, Erie, Genesee, Livingston, Monroe, Ontario, Orleans, Seneca, Steuben, Wyoming and Yates Counties. The operating leases for our branch offices expire at various dates through the year 2061 and generally include options to renew. 
 The Bank also entered into a new lease agreement in 2022 for a 28,500 square foot facility in Amherst, New York, which serves as a regional administrative facility, as well as operations facility for SDN. This lease expires in December 2032, with two additional five-year extensions. This facility replaced our former leased location in Amherst, New York and an SDN leased facility in Williamsville, New York, which leases expired in September 2021. SDN also has operations at a leased facility in Rochester, New York. 
 Courier Capital operates from an owned 11,000 square foot office, located in Buffalo, New York. Courier Capital also has operations at an owned facility in Jamestown, New York. 
 We believe that our properties have been adequately maintained, are in good operating condition and are suitable for our business as presently conducted, including meeting the prescribed security requirements. For additional information, see Note 7, Premises and Equipment, Net, and Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies, in the accompanying financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 - 33 - 
 
 Table of Contents 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 We are party to an action filed against us on May 16, 2017 by Matthew L. Chipego, Charlene Mowry, Constance C. Churchill and Joseph W. Ewing in the Court of Common Pleas in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Plaintiffs sought class certification to represent classes of consumers in New York and Pennsylvania along with statutory damages, interest and declaratory relief. The plaintiffs sought to represent a putative class of consumers who are alleged to have obtained direct or indirect financing from us for the purchase of vehicles that we later repossessed. The plaintiffs specifically claim that the notices the Bank sent to defaulting consumers after their vehicles were repossessed did not comply with the relevant portions of the Uniform Commercial Code in New York and Pennsylvania. We dispute and believe we have meritorious defenses against these claims and plan to vigorously defend ourselves. 
 On September 30, 2021, the Court granted plaintiffs motion for class certification and certified four different classes (two classes of New York consumers and two classes of Pennsylvania consumers). There are approximately 5,200 members in the New York classes and 300 members in the Pennsylvania classes. 
 On September 26, 2022, the lower Court denied the plaintiffs motion for partial summary judgment for most of the relief they seek and found that there were questions of fact as to whether the members of the class had purchased the subject vehicles for consumer use within the meaning of the relevant statutes. The Court also denied our motion for partial summary judgment seeking an offset in the form of recoupment reducing any liability that may be imposed against us by the amounts that the borrowers owe for failing to repay their motor vehicle loans, determining that the Court could not enter a judgment on recoupment which is a set off from liability without first determining whether there was liability. Also pending with the lower Court is our motion to compel discovery. 
 On October 7, 2022, the Superior Court of Pennsylvania granted our December 20, 2021 Request for an Interlocutory Appeal of the denial of our motion to dismiss the claims brought by New York borrowers for lack of subject matter jurisdiction and lack of standing. The case is stayed until the appeal is briefed and decided by the Superior Court. 
 We have not accrued a contingent liability for this matter at this time because, given our defenses, we are unable to conclude whether a liability is probable to occur nor are we able to currently reasonably estimate the amount of potential loss. 
 If we settle these claims or the action is not resolved in our favor, we may suffer reputational damage and incur legal costs, settlements or judgments that exceed the amounts covered by our insurer. We can provide no assurances that our insurer will cover the full legal costs, settlements or judgments we incur. If we are unsuccessful in defending ourselves from these claims or if our insurer does not cover the full amount of legal costs we incur, the result may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAF ETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 - 34 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED ST OCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol FISI. At February 28, 2023, 15,375,479 shares of our common stock were outstanding and there were 268 registered shareholders of record. 
 We have paid regular quarterly cash dividends on our common stock and our Board of Directors presently intends to continue this practice, subject to our results of operations and the need for those funds for debt service and other purposes. See the discussions in the section captioned Supervision and Regulation included in Part I, Item 1, Business, in the section captioned Liquidity and Capital Management included in Part II, Item 7, in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and in Note 15, Regulatory Matters, in the accompanying financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, all of which are included elsewhere in this report and incorporated herein by reference thereto. 
 In June 2022, the Company s Board of Directors (the Board. authorized a share repurchase program for up to 766,447 shares of common stock (the 2022 Repurchase Program. ). The program will expire at the earlier of the completion of all share repurchases or a Board vote to retire the program. 
 In November 2020, the Board authorized a share repurchase program for up to 801,879 shares of common stock (the 2020 Repurchase Program ). The 2020 Repurchase Program was completed in March 2022. 
 The Company s repurchases of its common stock during the fourth quarter of 2022 were as follows: 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Period 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 

Average Price Paid Per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 

October 1 - 31, 2022 

766,447 

November 1 - 30, 2022 

766,447 

December 1 -31, 2022 

540 

24.01 

766,447 

Total 

540 

24.01 

(1) This column reflects the deemed surrender to us of common stock to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of employee restricted stock units. 

- 35 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The stock performance graph below compares (a) the cumulative total return on our common stock for the period beginning December 31, 2017 as reported by the Nasdaq Global Select Market, through December 31, 2022, (b) the cumulative total return on stocks included in the NASDAQ Composite Index over the same period, and (c) the cumulative total return of the Standard and Poor's S P U.S. SmallCap Banks Index over the same period. Cumulative return assumes the reinvestment of dividends. During 2021, all SNL indices were replaced with S P Dow Jones indices. The SNL Bank 1B- 5B Index that has historically been used in our performance graph has therefore been replaced with the comparable S P U.S. SmallCap Banks Index. The graph was prepared by S P Global Market Intelligence and is expressed in dollars based on an assumed investment of 100. 

Period Ending 

Index 
 
 12/31/17 

12/31/18 

12/31/19 

12/31/20 

12/31/21 

12/31/22 

Financial Institutions, Inc. 

100.00 

85.23 

110.11 

81.47 

119.25 

95.41 

NASDAQ Composite Index 

100.00 

97.16 

132.81 

192.47 

235.15 

158.65 

S P U.S. SmallCap Banks Index 

100.00 

83.44 

104.69 

95.08 

132.36 

116.69 

ITEM 6. [ RESERVED] 

- 36 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS O F FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following is a discussion and analysis of our financial position and results of operations and should be read in conjunction with the information set forth under Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, and our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing under Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 INTRODUCTION 
 Financial Institutions, Inc. (the Parent and together with all its subsidiaries, we, our, or us ), is a financial holding company headquartered in New York State. We offer a broad array of deposit, lending, and other financial services to individuals, municipalities and businesses in Western and Central New York through our wholly-owned New York-chartered banking subsidiary, Five Star Bank (the Bank ). Our indirect lending network includes relationships with franchised automobile dealers in Western and Central New York, the Capital District of New York and Northern and Central Pennsylvania. We also have a loan production office in Baltimore, Maryland, which expands our footprint into the Mid-Atlantic Region. We offer insurance services through our wholly-owned subsidiary, SDN Insurance Agency, LLC SDN ), a full-service insurance agency. We offer customized investment advice, wealth management, investment consulting and retirement plan services through our wholly-owned subsidiaries Courier Capital, LLC Courier Capital and HNP Capital, LLC HNP Capital ), SEC-registered investment advisory and wealth management firms. In addition, we offer Banking-as-a-Service BaaS and financial technology FinTech solutions through our wholly-owned subsidiary Corn Hill Innovation Labs, LLC CHIL ). 
 Our primary sources of revenue are net interest income (interest earned on our loans and securities, net of interest paid on deposits and other funding sources) and noninterest income, particularly fees and other revenue from insurance, investment advisory and financial services provided to customers or ancillary services tied to loans and deposits. Business volumes and pricing drive revenue potential, and tend to be influenced by overall economic factors, including market interest rates, business spending, consumer confidence, economic growth, and competitive conditions within the marketplace. We are not able to predict market interest rate fluctuations with certainty and our asset/liability management strategy may not prevent interest rate changes from having a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 
 2022 Financial Performance Review 
 Net income decreased 21.1 million to 56.6 million for 2022, compared to 77.7 million for 2021. This resulted in a 1.01 return on average assets and a 12.81 return on average equity. Net income available to common shareholders was 55.1 million or 3.56 per diluted share for 2022, compared to 76.2 million or 4.78 per diluted share for 2021. We declared cash dividends of 1.16 per common share during 2022, an increase of 0.08 per common share, or 7 , compared to the prior year. 
 Reflected in the decrease in net income was a 13.3 million provision for credit losses in the current year as compared to a benefit of 8.3 million in 2021. Loan loss provision returned to a more normalized level in 2022, excluding a 2.0 million commercial loan recovery recognized in the second quarter, due to the impact of strong loan growth and an increase in the national unemployment forecast and qualitative factors reflecting economic uncertainty associated with higher interest rates, inflation and global political unrest, partially offset by a reduction in overall specific reserve levels. 
 Fully-taxable equivalent net interest income was 167.9 million in 2022, an increase of 12.6 million, or 8 , compared to 2021. The increase was the result of a 295.4 million, or 6 increase in average interest-earning assets, coupled with a 6-basis point increase in the net interest margin, to 3.20 . 
 The provision for credit losses - loans was 11.0 million in 2022 compared to a benefit of 7.0 million in 2021, as loan loss provision returned to a more normalized level in 2022. Net charge-offs decreased 522 thousand from the prior year to 5.2 million in 2022. Net charge-offs were an annualized 0.14 of average loans in the current year compared to 0.16 in 2021. Non-performing loans decreased 2.0 million to 10.2 million compared to a year ago and represented 0.25 of total loans at December 31, 2022, compared to 0.33 of total loans at December 31, 2021. 
 Noninterest income totaled 46.3 million for the full year 2022, a decrease of 635 thousand, or 1.4 , when compared to the prior year. The decrease was primarily attributed to decreases in net gain on loans held for sale, income from investments in limited partnerships, and income from derivative instruments, partially offset by increases in company owned life insurance, and insurance income. Net gain on sale of loans decreased 1.7 million in 2022 as sales volumes and margins for residential loans moderated significantly in 2022 due to the rising interest rate environment. Income from investments in limited partnerships decreased 788 thousand compared to the prior year based on performance of the underlying investments. Income from derivatives instruments, net was 776 thousand lower than 2021 as a result of the number and value of interest rate swap transactions combined with the impact of changes in the fair market value of borrower-facing trades. The increase in income from company owned life insurance of 2.6 million was primarily a result of a 
 - 37 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 
 non-recurring 2.0 million third quarter 2022 enhancement related to the surrender and redeployment of 25.5 million in cash surrender value of company owned life insurance. The increase in insurance income was primarily driven by new business growth within our markets. 
 Noninterest expense for the full year 2022 totaled 129.4 million, a 16.6 million increase compared to 112.8 million in the prior year. Salaries and benefits expense increased 8.7 million year-over-year, primarily due to higher investments in personnel and wage pressures driven by the current competitive labor market. Computer and data processing expense increased 3.5 million year-over-year, as a result of strategic investments in technology, primarily driven by a new customer relationship management system implemented in late 2021. Other expenses were 2.8 million higher than 2021 primarily due to interest charges related to collateral held for derivative transactions, higher travel and entertainment expense, higher insurance costs and the impact of inflationary pressures. Restructuring charges related to the 2020 closing of five branches totaled 1.6 million in 2022, compared to 111 thousand in 2021. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in professional services expense of 943 thousand, a result of higher expense incurred in 2021 for enterprise standardization expense and miscellaneous consulting fees. 
 Income tax expense for the year was 14.4 million, representing an effective tax rate of 20.3 compared to 19.5 million, representing an effective tax rate of 20.1 in 2021. The year-over-year increase in effective tax rate was primarily the result of 2.0 million in incremental taxes associated with the company owned life insurance surrender and redeployment strategy executed in 2022, partly offset by a lower level of pre-tax earnings in the current year. Effective tax rates are impacted by items of income and expense not subject to federal or state taxation. The Company s effective tax rates differ from statutory rates primarily because of interest income from tax-exempt securities, earnings on company owned life insurance and tax credit investments placed in service. 
 Total assets were 5.80 billion at December 31, 2022, up 276.5 million from 5.52 billion at December 31, 2021. 
 Investment securities were 1.14 billion at December 31, 2022, down 240.8 million from December 31, 2021. The decrease from year-end 2021 was primarily the result of a decrease in the market value of the portfolio due to rising interest rates combined with the use of portfolio cash flow to fund loan originations. 
 Total loans were 4.05 billion at December 31, 2022, up 371.0 million, or 10 , from December 31, 2021. 
 Commercial mortgage loans totaled 1.68 billion, an increase of 267.1 million, or 19 , from December 31, 2021. 

Commercial business loans totaled 664.2 million, an increase of 26.0 million, or 4 , from December 31, 2021. PPP loans net of deferred fees are included in commercial loans. At December 31, 2022 the aggregate PPP loan balance was 1.2 million, net of deferred fees compared to 55.3 million, net of deferred fees at December 31, 2021. 

Residential real estate loans totaled 590.0 million, an increase of 12.7 million, or 2 , from December 31, 2021. 

Consumer indirect loans totaled 1.02 billion, an increase of 65.6 million, or 7 , from December 31, 2021. 

Total deposits were 4.93 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 102.3 million from December 31, 2021, which was primarily the result of growth in brokered deposits. Short-term borrowings were 205.0 million at December 31, 2022, an increase of 175.0 million from December 31, 2021. Short-term borrowings and brokered deposits have historically been utilized to manage the seasonality of public deposits. 
 Shareholders equity was 405.6 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 505.1 million at December 31, 2021. Common book value per share was 25.31 at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 5.67, or 18 , from 30.98 at December 31, 2021. Tangible common book value per share (1) was 20.53 at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 5.73, or 22 , from 26.26 at December 31, 2021. The decrease in shareholders equity as compared to December 31, 2021, was primarily attributable to an increase in accumulated other comprehensive loss associated with unrealized losses in the available for sale securities portfolio. Management believes the unrealized losses are temporary in nature, as the losses are associated with the increase in interest rates. The securities portfolio continues to generate cash flow and given the high quality of our agency mortgage-backed securities portfolio, management expects the bonds to ultimately mature at a terminal value equivalent to par. 
 The Company s leverage ratio was 8.33 at December 31, 2022 compared to 8.23 at December 31, 2021. The Bank s leverage ratio and total risk-based capital ratio were 9.17 and 11.60 , respectively, at December 31, 2022, compared to 8.98 and 12.38 , respectively, at December 31, 2021. 
 
 (1) This is a non-GAAP measure that we believe is useful in understanding our financial performance and condition. Refer to the GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation section of this Item 7 for further information. 

- 38 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 
 Additional financial highlights of the Company are as follows: 

At or for the year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Performance ratios: 

Net income, returns on: 

Average assets 

1.01 

1.46 

0.82 

Average equity 

12.81 

16.01 

8.49 

Net income available to common shareholders, returns on: 

Average common equity 

12.99 

16.29 

8.50 

Average tangible common equity (1) 

15.72 

19.37 

10.25 

Average tangible assets (1) 

1.00 

1.45 

0.80 

Common dividend payout ratio 

32.40 

22.45 

45.22 

Net interest margin (fully tax-equivalent) 

3.20 

3.14 

3.22 

Effective tax rate 

20.3 

20.1 

16.2 

Efficiency ratio (2) 

60.39 

55.76 

60.22 

Capital ratios: 

Leverage ratio 

8.33 

8.23 

8.25 

Common equity Tier 1 capital ratio 

9.42 

10.28 

10.14 

Tier 1 capital ratio 

9.78 

10.68 

10.59 

Total risk-based capital ratio 

12.13 

13.12 

13.56 

Average equity to average assets 

7.88 

9.10 

9.61 

Common equity to assets 

6.70 

8.84 

9.18 

Tangible common equity to tangible assets (1) 

5.50 

7.59 

7.80 

(1) This is a non-GAAP measure that we believe is useful in understanding our financial performance and condition. Refer to the GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation section of this Item 7 for further information. 

(2) The efficiency ratio provides a ratio of operating expenses to operating income. Efficiency ratio is calculated by dividing noninterest expense by net revenue, which is defined as the sum of tax-equivalent net interest income and noninterest income before net gains on investment securities. The efficiency ratio is not a financial measurement required by GAAP. However, the efficiency ratio is used by management in its assessment of financial performance specifically as it relates to noninterest expense control. Management also believes such information is useful to investors in evaluating Company performance. 

- 39 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 
 GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation 

(In thousands, except per share data) 
 
 At or for the year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Computation of ending tangible common equity: 

Common shareholders equity 

388,313 

487,850 

451,035 

Less: goodwill and other intangible assets, net 

73,414 

74,400 

73,789 

Tangible common equity 

314,899 

413,450 

377,246 

Computation of ending tangible assets: 

Total assets 

5,797,272 

5,520,779 

4,912,306 

Less: goodwill and other intangible assets, net 

73,414 

74,400 

73,789 

Tangible assets 

5,723,858 

5,446,379 

4,838,517 

Tangible common equity to tangible assets (1) 

5.50 

7.59 

7.80 

Common shares outstanding 

15,340 

15,745 

16,042 

Tangible common book value per share (2) 

20.53 

26.26 

23.52 

Computation of average tangible common equity: 

Average common equity 

424,421 

468,085 

433,908 

Average goodwill and other intangible assets, net 

73,913 

74,411 

74,364 

Average tangible common equity 

350,508 

393,674 

359,544 

Computation of average tangible assets: 

Average assets 

5,606,733 

5,335,808 

4,693,225 

Average goodwill and other intangible assets, net 

73,913 

74,411 

74,364 

Average tangible assets 

5,532,820 

5,261,397 

4,618,861 

Net income available to common shareholders 

55,114 

76,237 

36,871 

Return on average tangible common equity (3) 

15.72 

19.37 

10.25 

Return on average tangible assets (4) 

1.00 

1.45 

0.80 

(1) Tangible common equity divided by tangible assets. 

(2) Tangible common equity divided by common shares outstanding. 

(3) Net income available to common shareholders divided by average tangible common equity. 

(4) Net income available to common shareholders divided by average tangible assets. 

This table contains disclosure that includes calculations for tangible common equity, tangible assets, tangible common equity to tangible assets, tangible common book value per share, average tangible common equity, average tangible assets, return on average tangible common equity and return on average tangible assets, which are determined by methods other than in accordance with GAAP. We believe that these non-GAAP measures are useful to our investors as measures of the strength of our capital and ability to generate earnings on tangible common equity invested by our shareholders. These non-GAAP measures provide supplemental information that may help investors to analyze our capital position without regard to the effects of intangible assets. Non-GAAP financial measures have inherent limitations and are not uniformly utilized by issuers. Therefore, these non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for comparable measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 - 40 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED 
 December 31, 2022 AND December 31, 2021 
 Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin 
 Net interest income is our primary source of revenue, comprising 78 of revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022. Net interest income is the difference between interest income on interest-earning assets, such as loans and investment securities, and interest expense on interest-bearing deposits and other borrowings used to fund interest-earning and other assets or activities. Net interest income is affected by changes in interest rates and by the amount and composition of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, as well as the sensitivity of the balance sheet to changes in interest rates, including characteristics such as the fixed or variable nature of the financial instruments, contractual maturities and repricing frequencies. 
 We use interest rate spread and net interest margin to measure and explain changes in net interest income. Interest rate spread is the difference between the yield on interest-earning assets and the rate paid for interest-bearing liabilities that fund those assets. The net interest margin is expressed as the percentage of net interest income to average interest-earning assets. The net interest margin exceeds the interest rate spread because noninterest-bearing sources of funds net free funds ), principally noninterest-bearing demand deposits and shareholders equity, also support interest-earning assets. To compare tax-exempt asset yields to taxable yields, the yield on tax-exempt investment securities is computed on a taxable equivalent basis. Net interest income, interest rate spread, and net interest margin are discussed on a taxable equivalent basis. 
 The Federal Reserve influences the general market rates of interest, which impacts the deposit and loan rates offered by many financial institutions. The Federal Reserve increased the intended federal funds rate, which is the cost of immediately available overnight funds, throughout 2022, in an attempt by the Federal Reserve to curb inflation. The first increase in March 2022 increased the federal funds rate by 25-basis points to 0.25 to 0.50 , followed by a 50-basis point increase in May to 0.75 to 1.00 . The Federal Reserve increased the federal funds rate by 75-basis points each in June, July, September and November 2022, and by 50-basis points in December 2022 resulting in a federal funds rate of 4.25 to 4.50 as of year-end 2022. The Federal Reserve had previously decreased the intended federal funds rate by 150-basis points due to two rate cuts in March of 2020, resulting in a range of 0.00 to 0.25 at year-end 2020, where it remained throughout 2021 and into March of 2022. Our loan portfolio is significantly affected by changes in the prime interest rate and changes in the prime interest rate generally follow changes in the federal funds rate. The prime interest rate, which is the rate offered on loans to borrowers with strong credit, was 7.50 , at year-end 2022 compared to 3.25 at year-end 2021. 
 The following table reconciles interest income per the consolidated statements of income to interest income adjusted to a fully taxable equivalent basis for the years ended December 31 (in thousands): 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Interest income per consolidated statements of income 

196,107 

167,205 

161,299 

Adjustment to fully taxable equivalent basis 

544 

626 

871 

Interest income adjusted to a fully taxable equivalent basis 

196,651 

167,831 

162,170 

Interest expense per consolidated statements of income 

28,735 

12,475 

22,314 

Net interest income on a taxable equivalent basis 

167,916 

155,356 

139,856 

Analysis of Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin 
 Net interest income on a taxable equivalent basis for 2022 was 167.9 million, an increase of 12.6 million compared to 155.4 million for 2021. The increase in net interest income was due primarily to increases in average investment securities of 255.2 million or 23 compared to 2021 and average loans of 160.6 million, or 4 , as well as the impact of interest rate increases in 2022 having a positive impact on yields. The increases in interest income were partially offset by an increase in interest expense of 16.3 million, primarily the result of repricing of time deposits at higher interest rates in 2022. Average PPP loans, net of deferred fees were 17.2 million for 2022 compared to 175.4 million for 2021. Revenue related to PPP loans was 7.6 million lower in 2022 than in 2021. PPP loan balances are significantly lower in 2022 as a result of loan forgiveness and repayment. 
 Our net interest margin for 2022 was 3.20 , 6-basis points higher than 3.14 from the prior year. This increase was a function of a 9-basis points higher contribution from net free funds, partially offset by a 3-basis points decrease in the interest rate spread. The change in interest rate spread was a net result of a 39-basis points increase in the average cost of interest-bearing liabilities and a 36-basis points increase in the average yield on average interest-earning assets. 
 - 41 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the average yield on average interest-earning assets of 3.75 was 36-basis points higher than 2021. Loan yields increased 43-basis points during 2022 to 4.48 . The average yield on investment securities increased 6-basis points during 2022 to 1.81 . Overall, the interest-earning asset rate changes increased interest income by 17.7 million during 2022 while a favorable volume variance increased interest income by 11.1 million, which collectively drove a 28.8 million increase in interest income. 
 Average interest-earning assets were 5.24 billion for 2022 compared to 4.95 billion for 2021, an increase of 295.4 million, or 6 , with average securities up 255.2 million from 1.13 billion for 2021 to 1.38 billion for 2022 and average loans up 160.6 million from 3.65 billion for 2021 to 3.81 billion for 2022. Securities represented 26.4 of average interest-earning assets during 2022 compared to 22.8 in 2021. The increase in investment securities was due to the redeployment of excess liquidity intended to benefit interest income with the intent of reducing net interest margin compression by reducing balances of lower yielding federal funds sold and interest-earning deposits. Loans comprised 72.7 of average interest-earning assets during 2022 compared to 73.8 during 2021. The growth in average loans was primarily due to organic growth bolstered by our expansion into the Baltimore and Washington D.C. region, as well as organic growth in consumer indirect, partially offset by decreases in commercial business loans, primarily due to lower PPP loan balances in 2022. Loans generally have significantly higher yields compared to other interest-earning assets and, such, have a more positive effect on the net interest margin. The average yield on average loans was 4.48 for 2022, an increase of 43-basis points compared to 4.05 for 2021. An increase in the volume of average loans resulted in a 7.1 million increase in interest income and higher interest rates increased interest income by 15.8 million. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the average cost of average interest-bearing liabilities of 0.73 was 39-basis points higher than 2021 and the average cost of average interest-bearing deposits of 0.61 was 38-basis points higher than 2021 due to the rising interest rate environment that occurred in 2022. 
 Average interest-bearing liabilities of 3.93 billion in 2022 were 255.9 million, or 7 , higher than 2021. On average, interest-bearing deposits grew 170.0 million from 3.60 billion for 2021 to 3.77 billion for 2022, while noninterest-bearing demand deposits (a principal component of net free funds) remained constant at 1.11 billion. The increase in average deposits was due to growth in non-public deposits, public deposits, and brokered deposits, partially offset by a decrease in reciprocal deposits. Average short-term borrowings increased 85.6 million from 538 thousand in 2021 to 86.1 million in 2022 as short-term borrowings were utilized, in addition to deposits, to fund interest-earning asset growth. For further discussion of our reciprocal and brokered deposits, refer to the Funding Activities Deposits section of this Management s Discussion and Analysis. Overall, interest-bearing deposit rate and volume changes resulted in 14.9 million of higher interest expense during 2022. 
 - 42 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 
 The following table presents, for the years indicated, information regarding: (i) average balances, which were derived from daily balances; (ii) the amount of interest income from interest-earning assets and the resulting annualized yields (tax-exempt yields have been adjusted to a tax-equivalent basis using the applicable Federal tax rate in each year); (iii) the amount of interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities and the resulting annualized rates; (iv) net interest income; (v) net interest rate spread; (vi) net interest income as a percentage of average interest-earning assets net interest margin ); and (vii) the ratio of average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities. Investment securities are at amortized cost for both held to maturity and available for sale securities. Loans include net unearned income, net deferred loan fees and costs and non-accruing loans. Dollar amounts are shown in thousands. 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Average Balance 

Interest 

Average Rate 

Average Balance 

Interest 

Average Rate 

Average Balance 

Interest 

Average Rate 

Interest-earning assets: 

Federal funds sold and other interest- earning deposits 

49,055 

747 

1.52 

169,504 

216 

0.13 

112,802 

315 

0.28 

Investment securities (1) : 

Taxable 

1,283,575 

22,498 

1.75 

1,007,420 

16,736 

1.66 

626,221 

14,186 

2.27 

Tax-exempt (2) 

100,633 

2,587 

2.57 

121,592 

2,981 

2.45 

168,687 

4,149 

2.46 

Total investment securities 

1,384,208 

25,085 

1.81 

1,129,012 

19,717 

1.75 

794,908 

18,335 

2.31 

Loans: 

Commercial business 

628,729 

30,188 

4.80 

734,748 

29,467 

4.01 

735,535 

26,667 

3.63 

Commercial mortgage 

1,502,904 

70,608 

4.70 

1,327,772 

51,719 

3.90 

1,164,827 

49,962 

4.29 

Residential real estate loans 

579,362 

19,558 

3.38 

593,375 

20,162 

3.40 

587,620 

21,320 

3.63 

Residential real estate lines 

77,132 

3,283 

4.26 

82,210 

2,784 

3.39 

97,321 

3,802 

3.91 

Consumer indirect 

1,008,026 

45,645 

4.53 

896,769 

42,181 

4.70 

836,168 

40,003 

4.78 

Other consumer 

14,636 

1,538 

10.51 

15,305 

1,585 

10.36 

16,007 

1,766 

11.03 

Total loans (3) 

3,810,789 

170,820 

4.48 

3,650,179 

147,898 

4.05 

3,437,478 

143,520 

4.18 

Total interest-earning assets 

5,244,052 

196,652 

3.75 

4,948,695 

167,831 

3.39 

4,345,188 

162,170 

3.73 

Less: Allowance for credit losses 

(42,689) 

(50,230) 

(45,697) 

Other noninterest-earning assets 

405,370 

437,343 

393,734 

Total assets 

5,606,733 

5,335,808 

4,693,225 

Interest-bearing liabilities: 

Deposits: 

Interest-bearing demand 

909,799 

2,180 

0.24 

827,891 

1,156 

0.14 

714,904 

1,091 

0.15 

Savings and money market 

1,852,571 

9,778 

0.53 

1,864,567 

3,363 

0.18 

1,443,692 

4,788 

0.33 

Time deposits 

1,008,092 

11,036 

1.09 

907,973 

3,599 

0.40 

959,541 

11,943 

1.24 

Total interest-bearing deposits 

3,770,462 

22,994 

0.61 

3,600,431 

8,118 

0.23 

3,118,137 

17,822 

0.57 

Short-term borrowings 

86,139 

1,500 

1.74 

538 

120 

22.33 

86,495 

1,604 

1.85 

Long-term borrowings 

74,059 

4,242 

5.73 

73,749 

4,237 

5.75 

47,387 

2,888 

6.09 

Total borrowings 

160,198 

5,742 

3.58 

74,287 

4,357 

5.87 

133,882 

4,492 

3.36 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 

3,930,660 

28,736 

0.73 

3,674,718 

12,475 

0.34 

3,252,019 

22,314 

0.69 

Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 

1,105,281 

1,105,227 

905,412 

Other noninterest-bearing liabilities 

129,079 

70,472 

84,558 

Shareholders equity 

441,713 

485,391 

451,236 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

5,606,733 

5,335,808 

4,693,225 

Net interest income (tax-equivalent) 

167,916 

155,356 

139,856 

Interest rate spread 

3.02 

3.05 

3.04 

Net earning assets 

1,313,392 

1,273,977 

1,093,169 

Net interest margin (tax-equivalent) 

3.20 

3.14 

3.22 

Ratio of average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities 

133.41 

134.67 

133.62 

(1) Investment securities are shown at amortized cost. 
 (2) The interest on tax-exempt securities is calculated on a tax-equivalent basis assuming a Federal income tax rate of 21 . 
 - 43 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 
 (3) Loans include net unearned income, net deferred loan fees and costs and non-accruing loans. Net deferred loan fees (costs) included in interest income were as follows (in thousands): 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Commercial business 

28,118 

21,308 

23,632 

Commercial mortgage 

68,380 

50,122 

48,451 

Residential real estate loans 

21,336 

22,356 

23,299 

Residential real estate lines 

3,609 

3,209 

4,152 

Consumer indirect 

47,786 

43,730 

42,035 

Other consumer 

1,500 

1,563 

1,770 

Total 

170,729 

142,288 

143,339 

The net interest spread, as well as the net interest margin, will be impacted by future changes in short-term and long-term interest rate levels, as well as the impact from the competitive environment. A discussion of the effects of changing interest rates on net interest income is set forth in Part II, Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk included elsewhere in this report. 
 Rate /Volume Analysis 
 The following table presents, on a tax-equivalent basis, the relative contribution of changes in volumes and changes in rates to changes in net interest income for the periods indicated. The change in interest income or interest expense not solely due to changes in volume or rate has been allocated in proportion to the absolute dollar amounts of the change in each (in thousands). No out-of-period adjustments were included in the rate/volume analysis. 

Change from 2021 to 2022 

Change from 2020 to 2021 

Increase (decrease) in: 
 
 Volume 

Rate 

Total 

Volume 

Rate 

Total 

Interest income: 

Federal funds sold and interest-earning deposits 

(255) 

786 

531 

117 

(216) 

(99) 

Investment securities: 

Taxable 

4,798 

964 

5,762 

7,034 

(4,484) 

2,550 

Tax-exempt 

(533) 

139 

(394) 

(1,155) 

(13) 

(1,168) 

Total investment securities 

4,265 

1,103 

5,368 

5,879 

(4,497) 

1,382 

Loans: 

Commercial business 

(4,606) 

5,327 

721 

(29) 

2,829 

2,800 

Commercial mortgage 

7,371 

11,518 

18,889 

6,601 

(4,844) 

1,757 

Residential real estate loans 

(474) 

(130) 

(604) 

207 

(1,365) 

(1,158) 

Residential real estate lines 

(181) 

680 

499 

(548) 

(470) 

(1,018) 

Consumer indirect 

5,083 

(1,619) 

3,464 

2,859 

(681) 

2,178 

Other consumer 

(70) 

23 

(47) 

(75) 

(106) 

(181) 

Total loans 

7,123 

15,799 

22,922 

9,015 

(4,637) 

4,378 

Total interest income 

11,133 

17,688 

28,821 

15,011 

(9,350) 

5,661 

Interest expense: 

Deposits: 

Interest-bearing demand 

124 

900 

1,024 

163 

(98) 

65 

Savings and money market 

(22) 

6,437 

6,415 

1,148 

(2,573) 

(1,425) 

Time deposits 

438 

6,999 

7,437 

(610) 

(7,734) 

(8,344) 

Total interest-bearing deposits 

540 

14,336 

14,876 

701 

(10,405) 

(9,704) 

Short-term borrowings 

1,593 

(213) 

1,380 

(3,047) 

1,563 

(1,484) 

Long-term borrowings 

18 

(13) 

5 

1,524 

(175) 

1,349 

Total borrowings 

1,611 

(226) 

1,385 

(1,523) 

1,388 

(135) 

Total interest expense 

2,151 

14,110 

16,261 

(822) 

(9,017) 

(9,839) 

Net interest income 

8,982 

3,578 

12,560 

15,833 

(333) 

15,500 

Provision for Credit Losses 
 The provision for credit losses was a provision of 13.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with a benefit of 8.3 million for 2021. There was a benefit for credit losses in each quarter of 2021 as a result of improvement in the national unemployment forecast, the designated loss driver for our current expected credit loss CECL model, and positive trends in qualitative factors, resulting in the release of credit loss reserves. Loan loss provision returned to a more normalized level in 2022, excluding a 2.0 million commercial loan recovery recognized in the second quarter, due to the impact of strong loan growth and an increase in the national 
 - 44 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 
 unemployment forecast and qualitative factors reflecting economic uncertainty associated with higher interest rates, inflation, and global political unrest, partially offset by a reduction in overall specific reserve levels. 
 See the Allowance for Credit Losses and Non-Performing Assets and Potential Problem Loans sections of this Management s Discussion and Analysis for further discussion. 
 Noninterest Income 
 The following table summarizes our noninterest income for the years ended December 31 (in thousands): 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Service charges on deposits 

5,889 

5,571 

4,810 

Insurance income 

6,364 

5,750 

4,403 

Card interchange income 

8,205 

8,498 

7,281 

Investment advisory 

11,493 

11,672 

9,535 

Company owned life insurance 

5,542 

2,947 

1,902 

Investments in limited partnerships 

1,293 

2,081 

104 

Loan servicing 

507 

415 

249 

Income from derivative instruments, net 

1,919 

2,695 

5,521 

Net gain on sale of loans held for sale 

1,227 

2,950 

3,858 

Net gain on investment securities 

(15) 

71 

1,599 

Net gain (loss) on other assets 

(16) 

441 

(61) 

Net loss on tax credit investments 

(815) 

(431) 

(275) 

Other 

4,678 

4,246 

4,250 

Total noninterest income 

46,271 

46,906 

43,176 

Insurance income increased 614 thousand, or 11 , to 6.4 million in 2022, compared to 5.8 million in 2021. The increase was primarily driven by new business growth within our markets. 
 Investment advisory income was 11.5 million in 2022, compared to 11.7 million in 2021. The positive impact of new and increased client accounts was offset by the impact of the 2022 global stock market decline on the value of assets under management. 
 Company owned life insurance income increased 2.6 million, or 88 , to 5.5 million in 2022, compared to 2.9 million in 2021. Contributing to the increase was a 2.0 million enhancement from the surrender and redeployment of 25.5 million in cash surrender value of company owned life insurance, which was offset by approximately 2.0 million of incremental income tax expense during 2022. 
 Income from investments in limited partnerships decreased 788 thousand to 1.3 million in 2022, compared to 2.1 million in 2021. We have made several investments in limited partnerships, primarily small business investment companies, and account for these investments under the equity method. Income from these investments fluctuates based on the maturity and performance of the underlying investments. 
 Income from derivative instruments, net decreased 776 thousand to 1.9 million in 2022, compared to 2.7 million in 2021. Fee income per transaction in 2022 was higher than in 2021; however, aggregate swap fee income decreased 852 thousand as a result of fewer swap transactions. 
 Net gain on sale of loans held for sale was 1.2 million in 2022, compared to 3.0 million in 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by lower transaction volumes and margins in 2022. Sales volumes and margins for residential loans have moderated in 2022, following historically high levels in 2021 as a result of the rising interest rate environment. 
 - 45 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 
 Noninterest Expense 
 The following table summarizes our noninterest expense for the years ended December 31 (in thousands): 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Salaries and employee benefits 

69,633 

60,893 

59,336 

Occupancy and equipment 

15,103 

14,371 

13,655 

Professional services 

5,592 

6,535 

6,326 

Computer and data processing 

17,638 

14,112 

11,645 

Supplies and postage 

1,943 

1,769 

1,975 

FDIC assessments 

2,440 

2,624 

2,242 

Advertising and promotions 

2,013 

1,704 

2,609 

Amortization of intangibles 

986 

1,060 

1,134 

Restructuring charges 

1,619 

111 

1,492 

Other 

12,395 

9,571 

8,840 

Total noninterest expense 

129,362 

112,750 

109,254 

Salaries and employee benefits expense increased 8.7 million, or 14 , to 69.6 million in 2022, compared to 60.9 million in 2021. The increase was primarily the result of investments in personnel and wage pressures driven by the current competitive labor market. 
 Professional services expense decreased 943 thousand, or 14 , to 5.6 million in 2022, compared to 6.5 million in 2021, primarily as a result of higher expense incurred in 2021 for enterprise standardization expense and miscellaneous consulting fees. 
 Computer and data processing expense increased 3.5 million, or 25 , to 17.6 million in 2022, compared to 14.1 million in 2021. The increase was primarily a result of our strategic investments in technology, primarily driven by a new customer relationship management system implemented in the latter part of 2021 and other initiatives. 
 Restructuring charges related to the 2020 closing of five branches and totaled 1.6 million in 2022 and 111 thousand in 2021, representing charges related to the write-down of real estate assets to fair market value based upon current market conditions. 
 Other expense of 12.4 million in 2022 increased 2.8 million compared to 9.6 million in 2021, primarily due to interest charges related to collateral held for derivative transactions, higher travel and entertainment expense, higher insurance costs and the impact of inflationary pressures. 
 The efficiency ratio for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 60.39 compared with 55.76 for 2021. The higher efficiency ratio was primarily the result of the increase in noninterest expense in 2022 as described above, coupled with a 7.6 million decline in interest and fee income in connection with PPP loans in 2022 versus 2021. The efficiency ratio is calculated by dividing total noninterest expense by net revenue, defined as the sum of tax-equivalent net interest income and noninterest income before net gains on investment securities. An increase in the efficiency ratio indicates that more resources are being utilized to generate the same volume of income, while a decrease indicates a more efficient allocation of resources. The efficiency ratio, a banking industry financial measure, is not required by GAAP. However, the efficiency ratio is used by management in its assessment of financial performance specifically as it relates to noninterest expense control. Management also believes such information is useful to investors in evaluating Company performance. 
 Income Taxes 
 We recorded income tax expense of 14.4 million for 2022, compared to 19.5 million for 2021. In 2022 and 2021, we recognized tax credit investments resulting in a 2.6 million reduction in income tax expense, in each year, and an 815 thousand and 431 thousand net loss recorded in noninterest income, respectively. 
 Our effective tax rate was 20.3 for 2022 compared to 20.1 for 2021. Effective tax rates are typically impacted by items of income and expense that are not subject to federal or state taxation. Our effective tax rates reflect the impact of these items, which include, but are not limited to, interest income from tax-exempt securities, earnings on company owned life insurance and the impact of tax credit investments. In addition, our effective tax rate for 2022 and 2021 reflects the New York State tax benefit generated by our real estate investment trust. 
 - 46 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND DECEMBER 31, 2020 
 A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020, which are not included in this Form 10-K, can be found under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and are incorporated by reference herein. 
 ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 OVERVIEW 
 At December 31, 2022, we had total assets of 5.80 billion, an increase of 5 from 5.52 billion as of December 31, 2021, largely attributable to organic loan growth, partially offset by a decrease in our investment securities portfolio. Net loans were 4.01 billion as of December 31, 2022, up 365.3 million, or 10 , when compared to 3.64 billion as of December 31, 2021. The increase in net loans was primarily due to organic growth bolstered by our expansion into the Baltimore and Washington D.C. region, as well as organic growth in consumer indirect. Non-performing assets totaled 10.2 million as of December 31, 2022, down 1.9 million from a year ago. Total deposits amounted to 4.93 billion as of December 31, 2022, up 102.3 million, or 2 , compared to December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, borrowed funds totaled 279.2 million, compared to 103.9 million as of December 31, 2021. Common book value per common share was 25.31 and 30.98 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, our total shareholders equity was 405.6 million compared to 505.1 million a year earlier. The decrease in shareholders equity as compared to December 31, 2021, was primarily attributable to an increase in accumulated other comprehensive loss associated with unrealized losses in the available for sale securities portfolio. 
 INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 The following table summarizes the composition of our available for sale and held to maturity securities portfolios (in thousands). 

Investment Securities Portfolio Composition At December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

Securities available for sale: 

U.S. Government agency and government-sponsored enterprise securities 

24,535 

21,115 

15,793 

15,891 

Mortgage-backed securities: 

Agency mortgage-backed securities 

1,102,522 

932,919 

1,169,042 

1,162,214 

Non-Agency mortgage-backed securities 

- 

337 

- 

410 

Total available for sale securities 

1,127,057 

954,371 

1,184,835 

1,178,515 

Securities held to maturity: 

U.S. Government agency and government-sponsored enterprise securities 

16,363 

15,515 

- 

- 

State and political subdivisions 

97,583 

90,435 

111,399 

113,511 

Mortgage-backed securities 

75,034 

68,238 

94,187 

96,309 

Total held to maturity securities 

188,980 

174,188 

205,586 

209,820 

Allowance for credit losses securities 

(5) 

(5) 

Total held to maturity securities, net 

188,975 

205,581 

Total investment securities 

1,316,032 

1,128,559 

1,390,416 

1,388,335 

Our investment policy is contained within our overall Asset-Liability Management and Investment Policy. This policy dictates that investment decisions will be made based on the safety of the investment, liquidity requirements, potential returns, cash flow targets, need for collateral and desired risk parameters. In pursuing these objectives, we consider the ability of an investment to provide earnings consistent with factors of quality, maturity, marketability, pledgeable nature and risk diversification. Our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, guided by ALCO, is responsible for investment portfolio decisions within the established policies. 
 - 47 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 
 Our available for sale AFS investment securities portfolio decreased 224.1 million from 1.18 billion at December 31, 2021 to 954.4 million at December 31, 2022. The decrease from year-end 2021 was primarily due to an increase in interest rates. Our AFS portfolio had a net unrealized loss totaling 172.7 million at December 31, 2022 compared to a net unrealized loss of 6.3 million at December 31, 2021. The fair value of most of the investment securities in the AFS portfolio fluctuates as market interest rates change. 
 Impairment Assessment 
 For AFS securities in an unrealized loss position, we first assess whether (i) we intend to sell, or (ii) it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If either case is affirmative, any previously recognized allowances are charged-off and the security s amortized cost is written down to fair value through income. If neither case is affirmative, the security is evaluated to determine whether the decline in fair value has resulted from credit losses or other factors. In making this assessment, management considers the extent to which fair value is less than amortized cost, any changes to the rating of the security by a rating agency and any adverse conditions specifically related to the security, among other factors. If this assessment indicates that a credit loss exists, the present value of cash flows expected to be collected from the security are compared to the amortized cost basis of the security. If the present value of cash flows expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost basis, a credit loss exists and an allowance for credit losses is recorded for the credit loss, limited by the amount that the fair value is less than the amortized cost basis. Any impairment that has not been recorded through an allowance for credit losses is recognized in other comprehensive income. Adjustments to the allowance are reported in our income statement as a component of credit loss expense. AFS securities are charged-off against the allowance or, in the absence of any allowance, written down through income when deemed uncollectible by management or when either of the aforementioned criteria regarding intent or requirement to sell is met. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 no allowance for credit losses has been recognized on AFS securities in an unrealized loss position as management does not believe any of the securities are impaired due to reasons of credit quality. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we do not have the intent to sell any of our securities in a loss position and we believe that it is not likely that we will be required to sell any such securities before the anticipated recovery of amortized cost. The unrealized losses are largely due to increases in market interest rates over the yields available at the time the underlying securities were purchased. The fair value is expected to recover as the bonds approach their maturity date, repricing date or if market yields for such investments decline. We do not believe any of the securities in a loss position are impaired due to reasons of credit quality. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, we concluded that unrealized losses on our AFS securities are not impaired due to reasons of credit quality and no allowance for credit losses has been recognized on AFS securities. The following discussion provides further details of our assessment of the AFS securities portfolio by investment category. 
 U.S. Government Agencies and Government Sponsored Enterprises GSE ). As of December 31, 2022, there were two AFS securities with unrealized losses of 3.4 million in the U.S. Government agencies and GSE portfolio, both of which were in a continuous unrealized loss position for more than 12 months. The decline in fair value is attributable to changes in interest rates, not to credit quality. We do not have the intent to sell these securities and it is likely that we will not be required to sell the security before the anticipated recovery. 
 Agency Mortgage-backed Securities. With the exception of the non-Agency mortgage-backed securities non-Agency MBS discussed below, all of the mortgage-backed securities held by us as of December 31, 2022, were issued by U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies Agency MBS ), primarily FNMA and FHLMC. The contractual cash flows of our Agency MBS are guaranteed by FNMA, FHLMC or GNMA. The GNMA mortgage-backed securities are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. Government. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 224 securities in the AFS Agency MBS portfolio that were in an unrealized loss position with unrealized losses totaling 169.6 million. Of these, 125 were in an unrealized loss position for 12 months or longer and had an aggregate fair value of 739.1 million and unrealized losses of 151.7 million. The unrealized loss of these securities is driven by the timing of the purchases of fixed-rate securities during the extended low interest rate environments experienced over the past two years, which has been compounded with subsequent increases in benchmark interest rates. However, these fixed-rate securities were purchased with the expectation that they will continue to prepay principal and the proceeds will be invested at current market rates. 
 Given the high credit quality inherent in Agency MBS, we do not consider any of the unrealized losses as of December 31, 2022 on such Agency MBS to be credit related. As of December 31, 2022, we did not intend to sell any Agency MBS that were in an unrealized loss position, all of which were performing in accordance with their terms. 
 Non-Agency Mortgage-backed Securities. Our non-Agency MBS portfolio consists of positions in one privately issued whole loan collateralized mortgage obligations with a fair value and net unrealized gain of 337 thousand as of December 31, 2022. As of that date, the one non-Agency MBS was rated below investment grade. This security was not in an unrealized loss position. 
 Other Investments. As a member of the FHLB, the Bank is required to hold FHLB stock. The amount of required FHLB stock is based on the Bank s asset size and the amount of borrowings from the FHLB. We have assessed the ultimate recoverability of our FHLB stock and believe that no impairment currently exists. As a member of the FRB system, we are required to maintain a specified investment in 
 - 48 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 
 FRB stock based on a ratio relative to our capital. At December 31, 2022, our ownership of FHLB and FRB stock totaled 13.0 million and 6.4 million, respectively, and is included in other assets and recorded at cost, which approximates fair value. 
 LENDING ACTIVITIES 
 Total loans were 4.05 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 371.0 million, or 10 , from December 31, 2021. Commercial loans represented 57.9 of total loans at the end of 2022. Consumer loans represented 42.1 of total loans at December 31, 2022. The composition of our loan portfolio, excluding loans held for sale and including net unearned income and net deferred fees and costs, is summarized as follows (in thousands): 

Loan Portfolio Composition 

At December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Amount 

Percent 

Amount 

Percent 

Commercial business 

664,249 

16.4 

638,293 

17.3 

Commercial mortgage 

1,679,840 

41.5 

1,412,788 

38.4 

Total commercial 

2,344,089 

57.9 

2,051,081 

55.7 

Residential real estate loans 

589,960 

14.5 

577,299 

15.7 

Residential real estate lines 

77,670 

1.9 

78,531 

2.2 

Consumer indirect 

1,023,620 

25.3 

958,048 

26.0 

Other consumer 

15,110 

0.4 

14,477 

0.4 

Total consumer 

1,706,360 

42.1 

1,628,355 

44.3 

Total loans 

4,050,449 

100.0 

3,679,436 

100.0 

Less: Allowance for credit losses 

45,413 

39,676 

Total loans, net 

4,005,036 

3,639,760 

Commercial business loans increased 26.0 million, or 4 , from December 31, 2021 to 664.2 million at December 31, 2022. Commercial mortgage loans increased 267.1 million, or 19 , from December 31, 2021 to 1.68 billion at December 31, 2022. The credit risk related to commercial loans is largely influenced by general economic conditions, inflation, and the resulting impact on a borrower s operations or on the value of underlying collateral, if any. 
 Factors that are important to managing overall credit quality are sound loan underwriting and administration, systematic monitoring of existing loans and commitments, effective loan review on an ongoing basis, early identification of potential problems, an appropriate allowance for credit losses, and sound nonaccrual and charge off policies. 
 An active credit risk management process is used for commercial loans to further ensure that sound and consistent credit decisions are made. Credit risk is controlled by detailed underwriting procedures, comprehensive loan administration, and periodic review of borrowers outstanding loans and commitments. Borrower relationships are formally reviewed and graded on an ongoing basis for early identification of potential problems. Further analyses by customer, industry, and geographic location are performed to monitor trends, financial performance, and concentrations. 
 We participate in various lending programs in which guarantees are supplied by U.S. government agencies, such as the SBA, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Rural Economic and Community Development and Farm Service Agency, among others. As of December 31, 2022, the principal balance of such loans (included in commercial loans) was 26.5 million, and the guaranteed portion amounted to 14.7 million. Excluding PPP Loans, the principal balance of such loans (included in commercial loans) was 25.2 million, and the guaranteed portion amounted to 13.5 million. Most of these loans were guaranteed by the SBA. 
 Commercial business loans were 664.2 million at the end of 2022, up 26.0 million, or 4 , since the end of 2021, and comprised 16.4 of total loans outstanding at December 31, 2022, compared to 17.3 at December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.2 million of PPP loans, net of deferred loan fees and costs compared to 55.3 million at December 31, 2021. Accordingly, commercial business loans excluding the impact of PPP loans increased 14 from December 31, 2021. We typically originate business loans of up to 15.0 million for small to mid-sized businesses in our market area for working capital, equipment financing, inventory financing, accounts receivable financing, or other general business purposes. Loans of this type are in a diverse range of industries. As of December 31, 2022, commercial business SBA loans including PPP loans accounted for a total of 16.9 million, or 3 of our commercial business loan portfolio. 
 - 49 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 
 Commercial mortgage loans totaled 1.68 billion at December 31, 2022, up 267.1 million, or 19 , from December 31, 2021, and comprised 41.5 of total loans, compared to 38.4 at December 31, 2021. Commercial mortgage loans include both owner occupied, and non-owner occupied commercial real estate loans. Approximately 19 and 23 of our commercial mortgage portfolio at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, was owner occupied commercial real estate. The majority of our commercial real estate loans are secured by office buildings, manufacturing facilities, distribution/warehouse facilities, and retail centers, which are generally located in our local market area. As of December 31, 2022, commercial mortgage SBA loans accounted for a total of 5.3 million or less than one percent of our commercial mortgage loan portfolio. 
 We determine our current lending standards for commercial real estate and real estate construction lending by property type and specifically address many criteria, including: maximum loan amounts, maximum loan-to-value LTV ), requirements for pre-leasing or pre-sales, minimum debt-service coverage ratios, minimum borrower equity, and maximum loan to cost. Currently, the maximum standard for LTV is 85 , with lower limits established for certain higher risk types, such as raw land which has a 65 LTV maximum. 
 Consumer loans totaled 1.71 billion at December 31, 2022, up 78.0 million compared to 2021, and represented 42.1 of the 2022 year-end loan portfolio versus 44.3 at year-end 2021. Loans in this classification include residential real estate loans, residential real estate lines, indirect consumer and other consumer installment loans. Credit risk for these types of loans is generally influenced by general economic conditions, including inflation, the characteristics of individual borrowers, and the nature of the loan collateral. Risks of loss are generally on smaller average balances per loan spread over many borrowers. Once charged off, there is usually less opportunity for recovery on these smaller retail loans. Credit risk is primarily controlled by reviewing the creditworthiness of the borrowers, monitoring payment histories, and taking appropriate collateral and guaranty positions. 
 Residential real estate portfolios include conventional first lien mortgages and home equity loans and lines of credit. For conventional first lien mortgages, we generally limit the maximum loan to 85 of collateral value without credit enhancement (e.g., personal mortgage insurance). A portion of our fixed-rate conventional mortgage loans are sold in the secondary market with servicing rights retained. Our conventional mortgage products continue to be underwritten using FHLMC secondary marketing guidelines. Our underwriting guidelines for home equity products include a combination of borrower FICO (credit score), the LTV of the property securing the loan and evidence of the borrower having sufficient income to repay the loan. Currently, for home equity products, the maximum acceptable LTV is 90 . The average FICO score for new home equity production was 769 and 768 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Residential real estate loans totaled 590.0 million at the end of 2022, down 12.7 million, or 2 , from the end of the prior year and comprised 14.5 and 15.7 of total loans outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The residential real estate line portfolio amounted to 77.7 million at December 31, 2022 down 861 thousand, or 1 , compared to 2021 and represented 1.9 of the 2022 year-end loan portfolio versus 2.2 at year-end 2021. The residential real estate loans and lines portfolios had a weighted average LTV at origination of approximately 70 at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Approximately 92 and 93 of the loans and lines were first lien positions at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Consumer indirect loans amounted to 1.02 billion at December 31, 2022 up 65.6 million, or 7 , compared to 2021 and represented 25.3 of the 2022 year-end loan portfolio versus 26.0 at year-end 2021. The loans are primarily for the purchase of automobiles (both new and used) and light duty trucks primarily by individuals, but also by corporations and other organizations. The loans are originated through dealerships and assigned to us with terms that typically range from 36 to 84 months. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we originated 489.0 million in indirect loans with a mix of approximately 29 new vehicles and 71 used vehicles. This compares with 504.3 million in indirect loans with a mix of approximately 25 new vehicles and 75 used vehicles for the same period in 2021. We do business with approximately 500 franchised auto dealers located in Western, Central, and the Capital District of New York, and Northern and Central Pennsylvania. The average FICO score for indirect loan production was approximately 714 and 706 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Other consumer loans totaled 15.1 million at December 31, 2022, up 633 thousand, or 4 , compared to 2021, and represented less than one percent of the 2022 and 2021 year-end loan portfolio. Other consumer loans consist of personal loans (collateralized and uncollateralized) and deposit account collateralized loans. 
 Our loan portfolio is widely diversified by types of borrowers, industry groups, and market areas within our operating footprint. Significant loan concentrations are considered to exist for a financial institution when there are amounts loaned to numerous borrowers engaged in similar activities that would cause them to be similarly impacted by economic or other conditions. At December 31, 2022, no significant concentrations, as defined above, existed in our portfolio in excess of 10 of total loans. 
 - 50 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 
 Loans Held for Sale and Loan Servicing Rights. Loans held for sale (not included in the loan portfolio composition table) were entirely comprised of residential real estate loans and totaled 550 thousand and 6.2 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 We sell certain qualifying newly originated or refinanced residential real estate loans on the secondary market. Residential real estate loans serviced for others, which are not included in the consolidated statements of financial condition, amounted to 275.3 million and 272.7 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The following table summarizes the activity in the allowance for credit losses - loans (in thousands) for the periods indicated. 

Credit Loss - Loans Analysis 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Allowance for credit losses - loans, beginning of period, prior to adoption of ASC 326 

39,676 

52,420 

30,482 

Impact of adopting ASC 326 

- 

- 

9,594 

Allowance for credit losses - loans, beginning of period, after adoption of ASC 326 

39,676 

52,420 

40,076 

Net charge-offs (recoveries): 

Commercial business 

(64) 

(212) 

7,384 

Commercial mortgage 

(853) 

3,814 

1,755 

Residential real estate loans 

279 

56 

72 

Residential real estate lines 

(1) 

141 

(3) 

Consumer indirect 

4,538 

1,256 

4,278 

Other consumer 

1,339 

705 

329 

Total net charge-offs 

5,238 

5,760 

13,815 

Provision (benefit) for credit losses loans 

10,975 

(6,984) 

26,159 

Allowance for credit losses loans, end of year 

45,413 

39,676 

52,420 

Net loan charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans: 

Commercial business 

-0.01 

-0.03 

1.00 

Commercial mortgage 

-0.06 

0.29 

0.15 

Residential real estate loans 

0.05 

0.01 

0.01 

Residential real estate lines 

0.00 

0.17 

0.00 

Consumer indirect 

0.45 

0.14 

0.51 

Other consumer 

9.15 

4.61 

2.06 

Total loans 

0.14 

0.16 

0.40 

Allowance for credit losses loans to total loans 

1.12 

1.08 

1.46 

Allowance for credit losses loans to nonaccrual loans 

445 

349 

564 

Allowance for credit losses loans to non-performing loans 

445 

326 

551 

Net charge-offs of 5.2 million in 2022 represented 0.14 of average loans compared to 5.8 million, or 0.16 , in 2021. Net charge-offs for 2022 included a 2.0 million recovery in connection with the pay-off of a commercial loan that was downgraded to non-performing status with a partial charge-off in the fourth quarter of 2021. The allowance for credit losses - loans was 45.4 million at December 31, 2022, compared with 39.7 million at December 31, 2021. The ratio of the allowance for credit losses - loans to total loans was 1.12 and 1.08 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The ratio of allowance for credit losses - loans to non-performing loans was 445 at December 31, 2022, compared with 326 at December 31, 2021. 
 - 51 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 
 The following table sets forth the allocation of the allowance for credit losses - loans by loan category as of the dates indicated. The allocation is made for analytical purposes and is not necessarily indicative of the categories in which actual losses may occur. The total allowance is available to absorb losses from any segment of the loan portfolio (in thousands). 

Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans by Loan Category 

At December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Percentage 

Percentage 

Credit 

of loans by 

Credit 

of loans by 

Loss 

category to 

Loss 

category to 

Allowance 

total loans 

Allowance 

total loans 

Commercial business 

12,585 

16.4 

11,099 

17.3 

Commercial mortgage 

14,412 

41.5 

14,777 

38.4 

Residential real estate loans 

3,301 

14.5 

1,604 

15.7 

Residential real estate lines 

608 

1.9 

379 

2.2 

Consumer indirect 

14,238 

25.3 

11,611 

26.0 

Other consumer 

269 

0.4 

206 

0.4 

Total 

45,413 

100.0 

39,676 

100.0 

Loans not analyzed for a specific reserve are segmented into pools of loans based upon similar risk characteristics. This is referred to as the pooled loan component of the allowance for credit losses estimate. The allowance for credit losses for pooled loans estimate is based upon periodic review of the collectability of the loans quantitatively correlating historical loan experience with reasonable and supportable forecasts using forward looking information. Adjustments to the quantitative evaluation may be made for differences in current or expected qualitative risk characteristics such as changes in: underwriting standards, delinquency level, regulatory environment, economic condition, Company management and the status of portfolio administration including the Company s credit risk review function. The Company establishes a specific reserve for individually evaluated loans which do not share similar risk characteristics with the loans included in the forecasted allowance for credit losses. These individually evaluated loans are removed from the pooling approach discussed above for the forecasted allowance for credit losses, and include nonaccrual loans, troubled debt restructurings TDRs , and other loans deemed appropriate by management. The process we use to determine the overall allowance for credit losses is based on this analysis. Based on this analysis, we believe the allowance for credit losses is adequate as of December 31, 2022. 
 Assessing the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses involves substantial uncertainties and is based upon management s evaluation of the amounts required to meet estimated charge-offs in the loan portfolio after weighing a variety of factors, including the risk profile of our loan products and customers. 
 Factors beyond our control, however, such as general national and local economic conditions, can adversely impact the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses. As a result, no assurance can be given that adverse economic conditions or other circumstances will not result in increased losses in the portfolio or that the allowance for credit losses will be sufficient to meet actual loan losses. See Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors for the risks impacting this estimate. Management presents a quarterly review of the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses to the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors based on the methodology that is described in further detail in Part I, Item I Business under the section titled Lending Activities. See also Critical Accounting Estimates for additional information on the allowance for credit losses. 
 The adequacy of the allowance for credit losses is subject to ongoing management review. While management evaluates currently available information in establishing the allowance for credit losses - loans, future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary if conditions differ substantially from the assumptions used in making the evaluations. In addition, various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review our allowance for credit losses - loans. Such agencies may require us to increase the allowance based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination. 
 - 52 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 
 Non-performing Assets and Potential Problem Loans 
 The following table summarizes our non-performing assets (in thousands) as of the dates indicated: 

Non-performing Assets 

At December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Nonaccrual loans: 

Commercial business 

340 

602 

Commercial mortgage 

2,564 

6,414 

Residential real estate loans 

4,071 

2,373 

Residential real estate lines 

142 

200 

Consumer indirect 

3,079 

1,780 

Other consumer 

1 

- 

Total nonaccrual loans 

10,197 

11,369 

Accruing loans 90 days or more delinquent 

1 

797 

Total non-performing loans 

10,198 

12,166 

Foreclosed assets 

19 

- 

Total non-performing assets 

10,217 

12,166 

Nonaccrual loans to total loans 

0.25 

0.31 

Non-performing loans to total loans 

0.25 

0.33 

Non-performing assets to total assets 

0.18 

0.22 

Non-performing assets include non-performing loans and foreclosed assets. Non-performing assets at December 31, 2022 were 10.2 million, a decrease of 1.9 million from 12.2 million at December 31, 2021. The primary component of non-performing assets is non-performing loans, which were 10.2 million or 0.25 of total loans at December 31, 2022, compared with 12.2 million or 0.33 of total loans at December 31, 2021. The decrease in nonperforming loans related primarily to the pay-off of a nonaccrual commercial mortgage that resulted in the 2.0 million recovery previously noted. 
 Approximately 1.8 million, or 18 , of the 10.2 million of nonaccrual loans, a component of non-performing loans, as of December 31, 2022 were current with respect to payment of principal and interest but were classified as non-accruing because repayment in full of principal and/or interest was uncertain. We had no TDRs included in nonaccrual loans at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Additionally, we had no TDRs that were accruing interest as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 Foreclosed assets consist of real property formerly pledged as collateral for loans, which we have acquired through foreclosure proceedings or acceptance of a deed in lieu of foreclosure. We had 19 thousand of properties representing foreclosed asset holdings at December 31, 2022 and no properties representing foreclosed asset holdings at December 31, 2021. 
 Potential problem loans are loans that are currently performing, but information known about possible credit problems of the borrowers causes us to have concern as to the ability of such borrowers to comply with the present loan payment terms and may result in disclosure of such loans as nonperforming at some time in the future. These loans remain in a performing status due to a variety of factors, including payment history, the value of collateral supporting the credits, and/or personal or government guarantees. We consider loans classified as substandard, which continue to accrue interest, to be potential problem loans. We identified 22.7 million in loans that continued to accrue interest which were classified as substandard as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 - 53 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 
 FUNDING ACTIVITIES 
 Deposits 
 The following table summarizes the composition of our deposits (dollars in thousands) as of the dates indicated. 

At December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Amount 

Percent 

Amount 

Percent 

Noninterest-bearing demand 

1,139,214 

23.1 

1,107,561 

22.9 

Interest-bearing demand 

863,822 

17.5 

864,528 

17.9 

Savings and money market 

1,643,516 

33.4 

1,933,047 

40.1 

Time deposits 

1,282,872 

26.0 

921,954 

19.1 

Total deposits 

4,929,424 

100.0 

4,827,090 

100.0 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate amount of uninsured deposits (deposits in amounts greater than 250,000, which is the maximum amount for federal deposit insurance) was 1.29 billion. The portion of our time deposits by account that were in excess of the FDIC insurance limit was 258.7 million and 182.3 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The maturities of our uninsured time deposits at December 31, 2022 were as follows: 55.6 million in three months or less; 80.6 million between three months and six months; 111.4 million between six months and one year; and 11.1 million over one year. 
 We offer a variety of deposit products designed to attract and retain customers, with the primary focus on building and expanding long-term relationships. At December 31, 2022, total deposits were 4.93 billion, representing an increase of 102.3 million, or 2 , which was primarily the result of growth in brokered deposits. Time deposits were approximately 26 and 19 of total deposits at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Nonpublic deposits, the largest component of our funding sources, totaled 2.77 billion and 2.70 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and represented 56 of total deposits as of the end of each period. We have managed this segment of funding through a strategy of competitive pricing that minimizes the number of customer relationships that have only a single service high-cost deposit account. 
 As an additional source of funding, we offer a variety of public (municipal) deposit products to the towns, villages, counties and school districts within our market. Public deposits generally range from 20 to 30 of our total deposits. There is a high degree of seasonality in this component of funding, because the level of deposits varies with the seasonal cash flows for these public customers. We maintain the necessary levels of short-term liquid assets to accommodate the seasonality associated with public deposits. Total public deposits were 1.12 billion and 1.10 billion at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and represented 23 of total deposits as of the end of each period. 
 We participate in reciprocal deposit programs, which enable depositors to receive FDIC insurance coverage for deposits otherwise exceeding the maximum insurable amount. Through these programs, deposits in excess of the maximum insurable amount are placed with multiple participating financial institutions. Reciprocal deposits totaled 696.1 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 771.4 million at December 31, 2022, and represented 14 and 16 of total deposits as of the end of each period, respectively. 
 Brokered deposits totaled 347.2 million and 254.7 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and represented 7 and 5 of total deposits as of the end of each period, respectively. 
 Borrowings 
 The Company classifies borrowings as short-term or long-term in accordance with the original terms of the agreement. Outstanding borrowings are summarized as follows as of December 31 (in thousands): 

2022 

2021 

Short-term borrowings: 

Short-term FHLB borrowings 

205,000 

30,000 

Long-term borrowings: 

Subordinated notes, net 

74,222 

73,911 

Total borrowings 

279,222 

103,911 

- 54 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 
 Short-term Borrowings 
 Short-term FHLB borrowings have original maturities of less than one year and include overnight borrowings which we typically utilize to address short term funding needs as they arise. Short-term FHLB borrowings at December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of 205.0 million and 30.0 million in short-term borrowings, respectively. The FHLB borrowings are collateralized by securities from the Company s investment portfolio and certain qualifying loans. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s borrowings had a weighted average rate of 4.60 and 0.34 , respectively. 
 We have credit capacity with the FHLB and can borrow through facilities that include amortizing and term advances or repurchase agreements. We had approximately 156.4 million of immediate credit capacity with the FHLB as of December 31, 2022. We had approximately 573.8 million in secured borrowing capacity at the FRB discount window, none of which was outstanding at December 31, 2022. The FHLB and FRB credit capacity are collateralized by securities from our investment portfolio and certain qualifying loans. We had approximately 145.0 million of credit available under unsecured federal funds purchased lines with various banks as of December 31, 2022, with no amounts outstanding at December 31, 2022. Additionally, we had approximately 271.4 million of unencumbered liquid securities available for pledging. 
 The Parent has a revolving line of credit with a commercial bank allowing borrowings up to 20.0 million in total as an additional source of working capital. At December 31, 2022, no amounts have been drawn on the line of credit. 
 Long-term Borrowings 
 On October 7, 2020, we completed a private placement of 35.0 million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2030 to qualified institutional buyers and accredited institutional investors that were subsequently exchanged for subordinated notes with substantially the same terms (the 2020 Notes registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The 2020 Notes have a maturity date of October 15, 2030 and bear interest, payable semi-annually, at the rate of 4.375 per annum, until October 15, 2025. Commencing on that date, the interest rate will reset quarterly to an interest rate per annum equal to the then current three-month SOFR plus 4.265 , payable quarterly until maturity. The 2020 Notes are redeemable by us, in whole or in part, on any interest payment date on or after October 15, 2025, and we may redeem the Notes in whole at any time upon certain other specified events. We used the net proceeds for general corporate purposes, organic growth and to support regulatory capital ratios at Five Star Bank. Proceeds, net of debt issuance costs of 740 thousand, were 34.3 million. The 2020 Notes qualify as Tier 2 capital for regulatory purposes. 
 On April 15, 2015, we issued 40.0 million of subordinated notes (the 2015 Notes in a registered public offering. The 2015 Notes bear interest at a fixed rate of 6.0 per year, payable semi-annually, for the first 10 years. From April 15, 2025 to the April 15, 2030 maturity date, the interest rate will reset quarterly to an annual interest rate equal to the then current three-month London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR plus 3.944 , payable quarterly. After the discontinuance of LIBOR, the alternate method selected by the Company is three-month SOFR. The 2015 Notes are redeemable by us at any quarterly interest payment date beginning on April 15, 2025 to maturity at par, plus accrued and unpaid interest. Proceeds, net of debt issuance costs of 1.1 million, were 38.9 million. The 2020 and 2015 Notes qualify as Tier 2 capital for regulatory purposes. 
 Shareholders Equity 
 Total shareholders equity was 405.6 million at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 99.5 million from 505.1 million at December 31, 2021. Net income for the year increased shareholders equity by 56.6 million, partially offset by common and preferred stock dividends declared of 19.2 million. Accumulated other comprehensive loss included in shareholders equity increased 124.3 million during the year due primarily to higher net unrealized losses on securities available for sale. Treasury stock included in shareholders equity increased 13.1 million primarily due to the purchase of shares of common stock in 2022 under our 2020 Repurchase Program. For detailed information on shareholders equity, see Note 16, Shareholders Equity, of the notes to consolidated financial statements. FII and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements. At December 31, 2022, both FII and the Bank exceeded all regulatory requirements. For detailed information on regulatory capital requirements, see Note 15, Regulatory Matters, of the notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 - 55 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
 The objective of maintaining adequate liquidity is to assure that we meet our financial obligations. These obligations include the withdrawal of deposits on demand or at their contractual maturity, the repayment of matured borrowings, the ability to fund new and existing loan commitments and the ability to take advantage of new business opportunities. We achieve liquidity by maintaining a strong base of both core customer funds and maturing short-term assets; we also rely on our ability to sell or pledge securities and lines-of-credit and our overall ability to access to the financial and capital markets. 
 Liquidity for the Bank is managed through the monitoring of anticipated changes in loans, the investment portfolio, core deposits and wholesale funds. The strength of the Bank s liquidity position is a result of its base of core customer deposits. These core deposits are supplemented by wholesale funding sources that include credit lines with the other banking institutions, the FHLB and the FRB. 
 The primary sources of liquidity for FII are dividends from the Bank and access to financial and capital markets. Dividends from the Bank are limited by various regulatory requirements related to capital adequacy and earnings trends. The Bank relies on cash flows from operations, core deposits, borrowings and short-term liquid assets. 
 Cash and cash equivalents were 130.5 million as of December 31, 2022, an increase of approximately 51.4 million from 79.1 million as of December 31, 2021. During 2022, net cash provided by operating activities totaled 133.6 million and the principal source of operating activity cash flow was net income adjusted for noncash income and expense items. Net cash used in investing activities totaled 325.2 million, which included outflows of 376.3 million for net loan originations, 10.0 million from net purchases of company owned life insurance, and 8.4 million purchases of premises and equipment, partially offset by 69.5 million net cash provided from investment securities. Net cash provided by financing activities of 242.9 million was attributed to a 175.0 million increase in short-term borrowings and a 102.3 million net increase in deposits, partially offset by 19.1 million in dividend payments and 15.3 million in common stock repurchases for treasury. 
 Planned Uses of Capital Resources 
 The Company has various long-term contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022, which include: 
 Time deposits for 1.28 billion; 

Supplemental executive retirement plans for 697 thousand; 

Subordinated notes for 75.0 million; and 

Operating leases for 53.2 million. 

For additional information on the Company s long-term contractual obligations above, see Note 11, Deposits, Note 21, Employee Benefit Plans, Note 12, Borrowings, and Note 9, Leases, in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 We have financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk established in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of customers. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit for 1.44 billion and standby letters of credit for 17.2 million as of December 31, 2022. We do not expect all of the commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit to be funded. Thus, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent our future cash requirements. 
 We have committed to investments in limited partnerships, primarily related to small business investment companies, tax credit investments and FinTech and ESG-related investment funds. As of December 31, 2022, the off-balance sheet commitments related to these investments totaled 57.1 million. We have also recorded a 4.8 million liability primarily related to committed contributions for tax credit investments in property placed in service on or before December 31, 2022. 
 With the exception of obligations in connection with our irrevocable loan commitments, limited partnership investments and tax credit investments as of December 31, 2022, we had no other off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. For additional information on off-balance sheet arrangements, see Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies, in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 - 56 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 
 Security Yields and Maturities Schedule 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding the amortized cost Cost ), cost-weighted average yields Yield ), which is defined as the book yield weighted against the ending book value, and contractual maturities of our debt securities portfolio as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands). Mortgage-backed securities are included in maturity categories based on their stated maturity date. Actual maturities may differ from the contractual maturities presented because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay certain investments. No tax-equivalent adjustments were made to the weighted average yields. 

Due in less than one year 

Due from one to five years 

Due after five years through ten years 

Due after ten years 

Total 

Cost 

Yield 

Cost 

Yield 

Cost 

Yield 

Cost 

Yield 

Cost 

Yield 

Available for sale debt securities: 

U.S. Government agencies and government-sponsored enterprises 

- 

0.00 

15,000 

1.69 

9,535 

1.90 

- 

0.00 

24,535 

1.77 

Mortgage-backed securities 

5,002 

3.60 

71,837 

2.42 

136,531 

1.93 

889,152 

1.70 

1,102,522 

1.78 

5,002 

1.46 

86,837 

2.30 

146,066 

1.93 

889,152 

1.70 

1,127,057 

1.78 

Held to maturity debt securities: 

U.S. Government agencies and government-sponsored enterprises 

- 

0.00 

- 

0.00 

16,363 

3.21 

- 

0.00 

16,363 

3.21 

State and political subdivisions 

31,573 

2.19 

39,380 

1.85 

5,005 

1.62 

21,625 

2.44 

97,583 

2.08 

Mortgage-backed securities 

2,191 

2.11 

3,446 

1.94 

15,675 

2.63 

53,722 

2.55 

75,034 

2.52 

33,764 

2.18 

42,826 

1.86 

37,043 

2.75 

75,347 

2.52 

188,980 

2.35 

Total investment securities 

38,766 

2.09 

129,663 

2.15 

183,109 

2.09 

964,499 

1.77 

1,316,037 

1.86 

Contractual Loan Maturity Schedule 
 The following table summarizes the contractual maturities of our loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. Loans, net of deferred loan origination costs, include principal amortization and non-accruing loans. Demand loans having no stated schedule of repayment or maturity and overdrafts are reported as due in one year or less (in thousands). 

Due in less than one year 

Due from one to five years 

Due from five to fifteen years 

Due after fifteen years 

Total 

Commercial business 

156,068 

263,563 

10,401 

234,217 

664,249 

Commercial mortgage 

483,698 

891,455 

303,566 

1,121 

1,679,840 

Residential real estate loans 

70,971 

219,503 

280,360 

19,126 

589,960 

Residential real estate lines 

1,752 

7,531 

29,192 

39,195 

77,670 

Consumer indirect (1) 

415,738 

607,882 

- 

- 

1,023,620 

Other consumer 

6,950 

7,616 

498 

46 

15,110 

Total loans 

1,135,177 

1,997,550 

624,017 

293,705 

4,050,449 

Loans maturing after one year: 

With a predetermined interest rate 

Commercial business 

88,782 

3,680 

14,598 

107,060 

Commercial mortgage 

484,798 

140,164 

223 

625,185 

Residential real estate loans 

193,396 

254,833 

16,388 

464,617 

Residential real estate lines 

11 

38 

- 

49 

Consumer indirect (1) 

607,882 

- 

- 

607,882 

Other consumer 

7,616 

498 

46 

8,160 

With a floating or adjustable rate 

Commercial business 

174,781 

6,721 

219,619 

401,121 

Commercial mortgage 

406,657 

163,402 

898 

570,957 

Residential real estate loans 

26,107 

25,527 

2,738 

54,372 

Residential real estate lines 

7,520 

29,154 

39,195 

75,869 

Consumer indirect (1) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other consumer 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total loans maturing after one year 

1,997,550 

624,017 

293,705 

2,915,272 

(1) Amounts include prepayment assumptions based on actual historical experience. 
 - 57 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 
 Capital Resources 
 The FRB has adopted a system using risk-based capital guidelines to evaluate the capital adequacy of bank holding companies on a consolidated basis. The final rules implementing the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision s BCBS capital guidelines for U.S. banks were fully phased-in on January 1, 2019. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s capital levels remained characterized as well-capitalized under the BCBS rules. See Note 15, Regulatory Matters of the notes to consolidated financial statements and the Basel III Capital Rules section below for further discussion. The following table reflects the Company s ratios and their components as of December 31 (in thousands): 

2022 

2021 

Common shareholders equity 

394,716 

496,387 

Less: Goodwill and other intangible assets 

70,643 

71,748 

Net unrealized loss on investment securities (1) 

(128,440) 

(4,971) 

Hedging derivative instruments 

4,735 

1,160 

Net periodic pension and postretirement benefits plan adjustments 

(13,588) 

(9,396) 

Other 

(194) 

- 

Common Equity Tier 1 CET1 capital 

461,560 

437,846 

Plus: Preferred stock 

17,292 

17,292 

Less: Other 

- 

- 

Tier 1 Capital 

478,852 

455,138 

Plus: Qualifying allowance for credit losses 

40,895 

29,938 

Subordinated Notes 

74,222 

73,911 

Total regulatory capital 

593,969 

558,987 

Adjusted average total assets (for leverage capital purposes) 

5,748,203 

5,532,987 

Total risk-weighted assets 

4,896,451 

4,260,101 

Regulatory Capital Ratios 

Tier 1 Leverage (Tier 1 capital to adjusted average assets) 

8.33 

8.23 

CET1 Capital (CET1 capital to total risk-weighted assets) 

9.42 

10.28 

Tier 1 Capital (Tier 1 capital to total risk-weighted assets) 

9.78 

10.68 

Total Risk-Based Capital (Total regulatory capital to total risk-weighted assets) 

12.13 

13.12 

(1) Includes unrealized gains and losses related to the Company s reclassification of available for sale investment securities to the held to maturity category. 

We have elected to apply the 2020 CECL transition provision related to the impact of the CECL accounting standard on regulatory capital, as provided by the US banking agencies March 2020 interim final rule. Under the 2020 CECL transition provision, the regulatory capital impact of the Day 1 adjustment to the allowance for credit losses (after-tax) upon the January 1, 2020 CECL adoption date has been deferred and will phase in to regulatory capital at 25 per year commencing January 1, 2022. For the ongoing impact of CECL, we were allowed to defer the regulatory capital impact of the allowance for credit losses in an amount equal to 25 of the change in the allowance for credit losses (pre-tax) recognized through earnings for each period between January 1, 2020, and December 31, 2021. The cumulative adjustment to the allowance for credit losses between January 1, 2020, and December 31, 2021, was also phased in to regulatory capital at 25 per year commencing January 1, 2022. 
 Basel III Capital Rules 
 Under the Basel III Rules, the current minimum capital ratios, including an additional capital conservation buffer applicable to the Company and the Bank, are: 
 7.0 CET1 to risk-weighted assets; 

8.5 Tier 1 capital (that is, CET1 plus Additional Tier 1 capital) to risk-weighted assets; and 

10.5 Total capital (that is, Tier 1 capital plus Tier 2 capital) to risk-weighted assets. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company s capital levels remained characterized as well-capitalized under the Basel III rules, including the additional capital conservation buffer. 
 - 58 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP and are consistent with predominant practices in the financial services industry. Application of critical accounting policies, which are those policies that management believes are the most important to our financial position and results, requires management to make estimates, assumptions, and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes and are based on information available as of the date of the financial statements. Future changes in information may affect these estimates, assumptions and judgments, which, in turn, may affect amounts reported in the financial statements. 
 We have numerous accounting policies, of which the most significant are presented in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of the notes to consolidated financial statements. These policies, along with the disclosures presented in the other financial statement notes and, in this discussion, provide information on how significant assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses are reported in the consolidated financial statements and how those reported amounts are determined. Based on the sensitivity of financial statement amounts to the methods, assumptions, and estimates underlying those amounts, management has determined that the accounting policy with respect to the allowance for credit losses requires particularly subjective or complex judgments important to our financial position and results of operations, and, as such, is considered to be a critical accounting estimate as discussed below. 
 Adequacy of the Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The allowance for credit losses represents management s estimate of probable credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio, and consists of an allowance for credit losses for pooled loans and a specific reserve for individually evaluated loans. Management estimates the allowance for credit losses for pooled loans utilizing a Discounted Cash Flow DCF method. The DCF method implements a probability of default with loss given default and exposure at default estimation. The probability of default and loss given default are applied to future cash flows that are adjusted to present value and these discounted expected losses become the Allowance for Credit Losses. In the analysis at the portfolio level, we found that the best model for predicting defaults considers the National Unemployment Rate. With the large number of observations afforded by using peer data, the default curve is less sensitive to unusual loss events and has a much smoother shape. The national unemployment rate is an extremely strong predictor of defaults and explains almost all variation in the default rate. Excluded from the pooled analysis are loans to be individually evaluated due to the assets not maintaining similar risk characteristics to those included in pooled loans. These loans are generally considered to be collateral dependent and, therefore, an analysis of the collateral position versus the pooled loan discounted cash flow approach better reflects the potential loss. Individually evaluated accounts include: loans over 90 days past due, loans marked as TDR, loans placed on non-accrual status and classified assets with exposure greater than 2.0 million. 
 Determining the amount of the allowance for credit losses is considered a critical accounting estimate because it requires significant judgment and the use of subjective measurements including, but not limited to, management s assessment of the internal risk classifications of loans, estimating future losses utilizing current forecasts, forward-looking estimates of qualitative factors including national and local economic trends and conditions (excluding national unemployment), levels and trends in delinquencies, non-accrual loans and classified assets, trends in volume, terms and concentrations of loans, changes in lending policies and procedures, quality of credit review function and administration and changes in the regulatory environment, management, markets and product offerings. Because current economic conditions and borrower strength can change, and future events are inherently difficult to predict, the anticipated amount of estimated loan losses, and therefore the appropriateness of the allowance for credit losses, could change significantly. Management will periodically assess what adjustments are necessary to qualitatively adjust the ACL based on their assessment of current expected credit losses. Various regulatory agencies also review the allowance for credit losses as an integral part of their examination process. Such agencies may require additions to the allowance for credit losses or may require that certain loan balances be charged off or downgraded into criticized loan categories when their credit evaluations differ from those of management, based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination. We believe the level of the allowance for credit losses is appropriate as recorded in the consolidated financial statements. As future events cannot be determined with precision, actual results could differ significantly from our estimates. 
 For additional discussion related to our accounting policies for the allowance for credit losses, see the sections titled Allowance for Credit Losses in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of the notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Recent Accounting Pronouncements, in the notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 
 - 59 - 
 
 Table of Contents 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITA TIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Asset-Liability Management 
 The principal objective of our interest rate risk management is to evaluate the interest rate risk inherent in assets and liabilities, determine the appropriate level of risk to us given our business strategy, operating environment, capital and liquidity requirements and performance objectives, and manage the risk consistent with the guidelines approved by our Board of Directors. Management is responsible for reviewing with the Board of Directors our activities and strategies, the effect of those strategies on net interest income, the fair value of the portfolio and the effect that changes in interest rates will have on the portfolio and exposure limits. Management has developed an Asset-Liability Management and Investment Policy that meets the strategic objectives and regularly reviews the activities of the Bank. 
 Portfolio Composition 
 Our balance sheet assets are a mix of fixed and variable rate assets with consumer indirect loans, commercial loans, and MBSs comprising a significant portion of our assets. Our consumer indirect loan portfolio comprised 18 of assets and is primarily fixed rate loans with relatively short durations. Our commercial loan portfolio totaled 40 of assets and is a combination of fixed and variable rate loans, lines and mortgages. The MBS portfolio, including collateralized mortgages obligations, totaled 20 of assets with durations averaging three to five years. 
 Our liabilities are comprised primarily of deposits, which account for 91 of total liabilities. Of these deposits, the majority, or 56 , is in nonpublic variable rate and noninterest bearing products including demand (both noninterest- and interest- bearing), savings and money market accounts. In addition, fixed rate nonpublic certificate of deposit products comprise 9 of total deposits. The Bank also has a significant amount of public deposits, which represented 23 of total deposits as of December 31, 2022. 
 Net Interest Income at Risk 
 A primary tool used to manage interest rate risk is rate shock simulation to measure the rate sensitivity. Rate shock simulation is a modeling technique used to estimate the impact of changes in rates on net interest income as well as economic value of equity. 
 Net interest income at risk is measured by estimating the changes in net interest income resulting from instantaneous and sustained parallel shifts in interest rates of different magnitudes over a period of 12 months. The following table sets forth the estimated changes to net interest income over the 12-month period ending December 31, 2022 assuming instantaneous changes in interest rates for the given rate shock scenarios (dollars in thousands): 

Changes in Interest Rate 

-100 bp 

+100 bp 

+200 bp 

+300 bp 

Estimated change in net interest income 

(1,731) 

273 

571 

859 

Change 

(1.06) 

0.17 

0.35 

0.53 

In the rising rate scenarios, the model results indicate that net interest income is modeled to increase compared to the flat rate scenario over a one-year timeframe. This is a result of assumed commercial loan products and investment security cash flow repricing at a higher frequency than underlying borrowing and deposit costs. As intermediate and longer-term assets continue to mature and are replaced at higher yields, net interest income improves over longer-term timeframes. Model results in the declining rate scenario indicate decreases in net interest income due to assets having the ability to reprice downward, while deposit and borrowing liabilities reach modeled floors. 
 In addition to the changes in interest rate scenarios listed above, other scenarios are typically modeled to measure interest rate risk. These scenarios vary depending on the economic and interest rate environment. 
 The simulation referenced above is based on our assumption as to the effect of interest rate changes on assets and liabilities and assumes a parallel shift of the yield curve. It also includes certain assumptions about the future pricing of loans and deposits in response to changes in interest rates. Further, it assumes that delinquency rates would not change as a result of changes in interest rates, although there can be no assurance that this will be the case. While this simulation is a useful measure as to net interest income at risk due to a change in interest rates, it is not a forecast of the future results, does not measure the effect of changing interest rates on noninterest income and is based on many assumptions that, if changed, could cause a different outcome. 
 - 60 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Economic Value of Equity At Risk 
 The economic (or fair value of financial instruments on our balance sheet will also vary under the interest rate scenarios previously discussed. This variance is measured by simulating changes in our economic value of equity EVE ), which is calculated by subtracting the estimated fair value of liabilities from the estimated fair value of assets. Fair values for financial instruments are estimated by discounting projected cash flows (principal and interest) at current replacement rates for each account type, while fair values of non-financial assets and liabilities are assumed to equal book value and do not vary with interest rate fluctuations. An economic value simulation is a static measure for balance sheet accounts at a given point in time, but this measurement can change substantially over time as the characteristics of our balance sheet evolve and as interest rate and yield curve assumptions are updated. 
 The amount of change in economic value under different interest rate scenarios depends on the characteristics of each class of financial instrument, including the stated interest rate or spread relative to current market rates or spreads, the likelihood of prepayment, whether the rate is fixed or floating, and the maturity date of the instrument. As a general rule, fixed-rate financial assets become more valuable in declining rate scenarios and less valuable in rising rate scenarios, while fixed-rate financial liabilities gain in value as interest rates rise and lose value as interest rates decline. The longer the duration of the financial instrument, the greater the impact a rate change will have on its value. In our economic value simulations, estimated prepayments are factored in for financial instruments with stated maturity dates, and decay rates for non-maturity deposits are projected based on historical data, based on third-party review and inputs. 
 The analysis that follows presents the estimated EVE resulting from market interest rates prevailing at a given quarter-end Pre-Shock Scenario ), and under other interest rate scenarios (each a Rate Shock Scenario represented by immediate, permanent, parallel shifts in interest rates from those observed at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The analysis additionally presents a measurement of the interest rate sensitivity at December 31, 2022 and 2021. EVE amounts are computed under each respective Pre-Shock Scenario and Rate Shock Scenario. An increase in the EVE amount is considered favorable, while a decline is considered unfavorable. 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Rate Shock Scenario: 
 
 EVE 

Change 

Percentage Change 

EVE 

Change 

Percentage Change 

Pre-Shock Scenario 

848,308 

775,697 

- 100 Basis Points 

851,921 

3,613 

0.43 

746,770 

(28,927) 

-3.73 

+ 100 Basis Points 

838,462 

(9,846) 

-1.16 

782,438 

6,741 

0.87 

+ 200 Basis Points 

832,558 

(15,750) 

-1.86 

786,362 

10,665 

1.37 

+ 300 Basis Points 

825,826 

(22,482) 

-2.65 

784,923 

9,226 

1.19 

The Pre-Shock Scenario EVE was 848.3 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 775.7 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in the Pre-Shock Scenario EVE at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 resulted primarily from growth in our loan portfolio and deposit valuation offset by wholesale funding sources. A shift to negative sensitivity during the +100-basis point Rate Shock Scenario to EVE is a result of rates rising on a linked year basis, primarily driving a diminishing positive deposit valuation coupled with an increase in wholesale borrowings. 
 - 61 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity Gap 
 The following table presents an analysis of our interest rate sensitivity gap position at December 31, 2022. All interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities are shown based on the earlier of their contractual maturity or re-pricing date. The expected maturities are presented on a contractual basis or, if more relevant, based on projected call dates. Investment securities are at amortized cost for both securities available for sale and securities held to maturity. Loans, net of deferred loan origination costs, include principal amortization adjusted for estimated prepayments (principal payments in excess of contractual amounts) and non-accruing loans. Because the interest rate sensitivity levels shown in the table could be changed by external factors such as loan prepayments and liability decay rates or by factors controllable by us, such as asset sales, it is not an absolute reflection of our potential interest rate risk profile (in thousands). 

At December 31, 2022 

Three Months or Less 

Over Three Months Through One Year 

Over One Year Through Five Years 

Over Five Years 

Total 

INTEREST-EARNING ASSETS: 

Federal funds sold and other interest-earning deposits 

61,251 

- 

245 

- 

61,496 

Investment securities 

213,247 

117,186 

521,551 

464,054 

1,316,038 

Loans 

1,544,200 

589,324 

1,434,622 

482,853 

4,050,999 

Total interest-earning assets 

1,818,698 

706,510 

1,956,418 

946,907 

5,428,533 

Cash and due from banks 

68,970 

Other assets (1) 

299,769 

Total assets 

5,797,272 

INTEREST-BEARING LIABILITIES: 

Interest-bearing demand, savings and money market 

2,507,338 

- 

- 

- 

2,507,338 

Time deposits 

484,750 

753,543 

44,579 

- 

1,282,872 

Borrowings 

205,000 

- 

74,222 

- 

279,222 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 

3,197,088 

753,543 

118,801 

- 

4,069,432 

Noninterest-bearing deposits 

1,139,214 

Other liabilities 

183,021 

Total liabilities 

5,391,667 

Shareholders equity 

405,605 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

5,797,272 

Interest sensitivity gap 

(1,378,390) 

(47,033) 

1,837,617 

946,907 

1,359,101 

Cumulative gap 

(1,378,390) 

(1,425,423) 

412,194 

1,359,101 

Cumulative gap ratio (2) 

56.9 

63.9 

110.1 

133.4 

Cumulative gap as a percentage of total assets 

(23.8) 

(24.6) 

7.1 

23.4 

(1) Includes net unrealized loss on securities available for sale and allowance for credit losses. 

(2) Cumulative total interest-earning assets divided by cumulative total interest-bearing liabilities. 

For purposes of interest rate risk management, we direct more attention on simulation modeling, such as net interest income at risk as previously discussed, rather than gap analysis. We consider the net interest income at risk simulation modeling to be more informative in forecasting future income at risk. 
 - 62 - 
 
 Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEME NTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 64 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (on the Consolidated Financial Statements) (PCAOB ID: 
 
 65 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (on Internal Control over Financial Reporting) (PCAOB ID: 49) 
 
 67 

Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 69 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 70 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 71 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 72 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 74 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 75 

- 63 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for Financial Institutions, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company ), as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). The Company s system of internal control over financial reporting has been designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management and board of directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Any system of internal control over financial reporting, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations, including the possibility that a control can be circumvented or overridden and misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, because of changes in conditions, internal control effectiveness may vary over time. Accordingly, even an effective system of internal control will provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 The Company s management has, including the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer as identified below, assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. To make this assessment, we used the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) , issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our assessment and based on such criteria, we believe that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 RSM US LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm that audited the Company s consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 has issued a report on internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. That report appears herein. 

/s/ Martin K. Birmingham 
 
 /s/ W. Jack Plants, II 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

March 9, 2023 
 
 March 9, 2023 

- 64 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Financial Institutions, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of Financial Institutions, Inc. and its Subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of 
 December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013, and our report dated March 9, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 - 65 - 
 
 Table of Contents 

Allowance for Credit Losses Loans 
 As described in Notes 1 and 6 to the financial statements, the Company s allowance for credit losses loans was 45,413,000 at December 31, 2022, which consisted of an allowance for credit losses for pooled loans 44,135,000) and a specific reserve for individually evaluated loans 1,278,000). Management estimates the allowance for credit losses for pooled loans utilizing a discounted cash flow (DCF) method. The DCF implements a probability of default with a loss given default applied to future cash flows that are adjusted to present value. The Company uses forecasts to predict how modeled economic factors will perform. In addition, qualitative factors that are likely to cause estimated credit losses to differ from historical loss experience, including but not limited to: national and local economic trends and conditions (excluding national unemployment), levels and trends in delinquencies, non-accrual loans and classified assets, trends in volume, terms and concentrations of loans, changes in lending policies and procedures, quality of credit review function and administration and changes in regulatory environment. The establishment of probability of default/loss given default, reasonable and supportable forecasts, and qualitative factor adjustments require a significant amount of judgment by management and involve a high degree of estimation uncertainty. 
 
 We identified the determination of the allowance for credit losses for pooled loans as a critical audit 
 matter as auditing the underlying development of probability of default/loss given default, reasonable and supportable forecasts, and qualitative factor adjustments required significant auditor judgment as amounts determined by management rely on analyses that are highly subjective and include significant estimation uncertainty. 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the determination of the allowance for credit losses for pooled loans included the following, among others: 
 
 We obtained an understanding of the relevant controls related to management s establishment, review and approval of probability of default/loss given default, reasonable and supportable forecasts, and qualitative factor adjustments, and tested such controls for design and operating effectiveness. 

We tested the completeness and accuracy of data used by management in determining the probability of default/loss given default by agreeing this data to both internal and external information, as applicable. 

We evaluated the reasonableness of the forecasts utilized by management by comparing them to external information. 

We tested the completeness and accuracy of information, evaluated the appropriateness and agreed the qualitative factor adjustments included in the allowance for credit losses loans calculation. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2018. 

March 9, 2023 
 - 66 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Financial Institutions, Inc. 

Opinion on the Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Financial Institutions, Inc. and Subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated statements of financial condition of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended 
 December 31, 2022 and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements of the Company and our report dated March 9, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 - 67 - 
 
 Table of Contents 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ 

March 9, 2023 

- 68 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 

(in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Cash and due from banks 

Securities available for sale, at fair value (amortized cost of and , respectively) 

Securities held to maturity, at amortized cost (net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively) (fair value of and , respectively) 

Loans held for sale 

Loans (net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively) 

Company owned life insurance 

Premises and equipment, net 

Goodwill and other intangible assets, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Deposits: 

Noninterest-bearing demand 

Interest-bearing demand 

Savings and money market 

Time deposits 

Total deposits 

Short-term borrowings 

Long-term borrowings, net of issuance costs of and , respectively 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) 

Shareholders equity: 

Series A preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued 

Series B-1 preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued 

Total preferred equity 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Treasury stock, at cost and shares, respectively 

() 

() 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 - 69 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Stat ements of Income 

(in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Years ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Interest income: 

Interest and fees on loans 

Interest and dividends on investment securities 

Other interest income 

Total interest income 

Interest expense: 

Deposits 

Short-term borrowings 

Long-term borrowings 

Total interest expense 

Net interest income 

Provision (benefit) for credit losses 

() 

Net interest income after provision (benefit) for credit losses 

Noninterest income: 

Service charges on deposits 

Insurance income 

Card interchange income 

Investment advisory 

Company owned life insurance 

Investments in limited partnerships 

Loan servicing 

Income from derivative instruments, net 

Net gain on sale of loans held for sale 

Net (loss) gain on investment securities 

() 

Net (loss) gain on other assets 

() 

() 

Net loss on tax credit investments 

() 

() 

() 

Other 

Total noninterest income 

Noninterest expense: 

Salaries and employee benefits 

Occupancy and equipment 

Professional services 

Computer and data processing 

Supplies and postage 

FDIC assessments 

Advertising and promotions 

Amortization of intangibles 

Restructuring charges 

Other 

Total noninterest expense 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

Preferred stock dividends 

Net income available to common shareholders 

Earnings per common share (Note 20): 

Basic 

Diluted 

Cash dividends declared per common share 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 - 70 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

(in thousands) 
 
 Years ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income 

Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: 

Securities available for sale and transferred securities 

() 

() 

Hedging derivative instruments 

Pension and post-retirement obligations 

() 

Total other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax 

() 

() 

Comprehensive (loss) income 

() 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 - 71 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cha nges in Shareholders Equity 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

(in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Preferred Equity 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Retained Earnings 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 

Treasury Stock 

Total Shareholders Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

() 

() 

Cumulative-effect adjustment 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Balance at January 1, 2020 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income: 

Net income 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other comprehensive income, net of tax 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Purchase of common stock for treasury 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation plans: 

Share-based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Restricted stock units released 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

Restricted stock awards issued, net 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

Stock awards 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Cash dividends declared: 

Series A Preferred per share 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Series B-1 Preferred per share 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Common- per share 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

Comprehensive income: 

Net income 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Common stock issued 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Purchases of common stock for treasury 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Purchases of 8.48 preferred stock 

() 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Share-based compensation plans: 

Share-based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Restricted stock units released 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

Restricted stock awards issued, net 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

Stock awards 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Cash dividends declared: 

Series A Preferred per share 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Series B-1 Preferred per share 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Common- per share 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 Continued on next page 
 - 72 - 
 
 Table of Contents 

FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

(in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Preferred Equity 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Retained Earnings 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 

Treasury Stock 

Total Shareholders Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Balance carried forward 

Comprehensive income: 

Net income 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Common stock issued 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Purchases of common stock for treasury 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation plans: 

Share-based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Restricted stock units released 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

Restricted stock awards issued, net 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

Stock awards 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Cash dividends declared: 

Series A Preferred per share 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Series B-1 Preferred per share 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Common- per share 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 - 73 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Cash Flows 

(in thousands) 
 
 Years ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Net amortization of premiums on securities 

Provision (benefit) for credit losses 

() 

Share-based compensation 

Deferred income tax (benefit) expense 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sale of loans held for sale 

Originations of loans held for sale 

() 

() 

() 

Income on company owned life insurance 

() 

() 

() 

Net gain on sale of loans held for sale 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss (gain) on investment securities 

() 

() 

Net loss (gain) on other assets 

() 

Noncash restructuring charges against assets 

Increase in other assets 

() 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease) in other liabilities 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of investment securities: 

Available for sale 

() 

() 

() 

Held to maturity 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from principal payments, maturities and calls on investment securities: 

Available for sale 

Held to maturity 

Proceeds from sales of securities available for sale 

Proceeds from sales of securities held to maturity 

Net loan originations 

() 

() 

() 

Purchases of company owned life insurance, net of proceeds received 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from surrender of company owned life insurance 

- 

- 

Proceeds from sales of other assets 

Purchases of premises and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Cash consideration paid for acquisition, net of cash acquired 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Net increase in deposits 

Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings 

() 

Repurchase of preferred stock 

() 

Issuance of long-term debt 

Debt issuance costs 

() 

Purchases of common stock for treasury 

() 

() 

() 

Cash dividends paid to preferred shareholders 

() 

() 

() 

Cash dividends paid to common shareholders 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 - 74 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds received 

Noncash investing and financing activities: 

Real estate and other assets acquired in settlement of loans 

- 

Accrued and declared unpaid dividends 

Common stock issued for acquisition 

- 

- 

Assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations: 

Fair value of assets acquired 

- 

- 

(1.) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

(1.) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) days past due, unless the collateral is in the process of repossession in accordance with the Company s policy. A loan is accounted for as a troubled debt restructuring if the Company, for economic or legal reasons related to the borrower s financial condition, grants a significant concession to the borrower that it would not otherwise consider. A troubled debt restructuring may involve the receipt of assets from the debtor in partial or full satisfaction of the loan, or a modification of terms such as a reduction of the stated interest rate or face amount of the loan, a reduction of accrued interest, an extension of the maturity date at a stated interest rate lower than the current market rate for a new loan with similar risk, or some combination of these concessions. Troubled debt restructurings generally remain on nonaccrual status until there is a sustained period of payment performance (usually six months or longer) and there is a reasonable assurance that the payments will continue. See Allowance for Credit Losses below for further policy discussion and see Note 6 Loans for additional information. 
 . Fees received for providing loan commitments and letters of credit that result in loans are typically deferred and amortized to interest income over the life of the related loan, beginning with the initial borrowing. Fees on commitments and letters of credit are amortized to other income as banking fees and commissions over the commitment period when funding is not expected. 
 
 (1.) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) portfolio segments of loans including Commercial Loans/Lines, Commercial Mortgage, Indirect Loans, Direct Loans, Residential Lines of Credit, and Residential Loans. The Company utilizes the Discounted Cash Flow DCF method for its pooled segment calculation. The DCF method implements a probability of default with loss given default and exposure at default estimation. The probability of default and loss given default are applied to future cash flows that are adjusted to present value and these discounted expected losses become the Allowance for Credit Losses. DCF analysis is reliant upon a variety of loan-level data, peripheral model outputs and key assumptions. The data fields required to create the contractual portion of the forward-looking cash flow schedule relate to the terms of each loan and include information regarding payment amount, payment frequency, interest rate, interest type, maturity date, amortization term, etc. Contractual terms must be adjusted for prepayments to arrive at expected cashflows. The Company modeled amortizing/installment notes with a prepayment rate, annualized to one-year. For loans where principal collection is dominated by borrower election, e.g., lines of credit, interest-only, etc., and not by contractual obligation, the Company modeled a statistical tendency to repay as a curtailment rate, normalized to a one-year rate. The Company uses forecasts to predict how modeled economic factors will perform. The Company currently elects to forecast economic factors over a period for which it can produce a reliable and defensible forecast from widely accepted economic forecast resources. After the forecast period, the following eight quarters are reverted on a straight-line basis to the economic factor s average. The Company uses an eight-quarter straight-line reversion to reduce the potential for a spike impact on the model caused by a rapid reversion. Additionally, as the Company is past its point of forecast, a straight-line reversion represents a most-likely scenario absent a reasonable and supportable forecast. In the Company s analysis at the portfolio level, it found that the best model for predicting defaults considers the National Unemployment Rate. With the large number of observations afforded by using peer data, the default curve is less sensitive to unusual loss events and has a much smoother shape. The national unemployment rate is an extremely strong predictor of defaults and explains almost all variation in the default rate. The reserve is calculated based on a life of loan basis. The life of loan is assumed with consideration of prepayments and contractual maturity dates. If a given loan does not have a populated maturity date, based upon historical experience, the Company elected to amortize the loan for a length of time equal to the average life of the loan s segment before the remaining balance will balloon with the exception of Commercial Demand Lines of Credit where the Company uses one year, reflecting the demand nature of these exposures with annual review. Management also considers Qualitative Factors QF that are likely to cause estimated credit losses with the Company s existing portfolio to differ from historical loss experience, including but not limited to: national and local economic trends and conditions (excluding national unemployment), levels and trends in delinquencies, non-accrual loans and classified assets, trends in volume, terms and concentrations of loans, changes in lending policies and procedures, quality of credit review function and administration, and changes in regulatory environment, management, markets and product offerings. The Company will periodically assess what adjustments are necessary to qualitatively adjust the ACL based on their assessment of current expected credit losses. The range for the QF in a specific pool represents the difference, in basis points, between the portfolio segment loss explained by the regression analysis (r-squared factor) and the total loss for that period, looking back to 2006, when the Company experienced its highest four quarter loss rate. In this approach, the Company is capturing, based upon historical experience, its largest potential loss rate. Where possible, the QFs are calculated using available data sources to support the allocation of basis points within the ranges. For example, delinquency for a segment is mapped backed to 2006 and current delinquency is allocated a QF based upon where it lies in that range. 
 designated segments. These loans are generally considered to be collateral dependent and, therefore, an analysis of the collateral position versus the pooled loan discounted cash flow approach better reflects the potential loss. Individually evaluated accounts include: loans over days past due, loans marked as troubled debt restructurings TDR ), loans placed on non-accrual status and classified assets with exposure greater than million. Held to Maturity HTM Debt Securities The Company s HTM debt securities are also required to utilize the current expected credit losses approach to estimate expected credit losses. The Company s HTM debt securities included securities that are issued by U.S. government agencies or U.S. government-sponsored enterprises. These securities carry the explicit and/or implicit guarantee of the U.S. government, are widely recognized as risk free, and have a long history of zero credit loss. The Company also carries a portfolio of HTM municipal bonds. The Company measures its allowance for credit losses on HTM debt securities on a collective basis by major security type. The estimate is based on historical credit losses, if any, adjusted for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The Company considers the nature of the collateral, potential future changes in collateral values and available loss information. Available for Sale AFS Debt Securities For AFS securities in an unrealized loss position, the Company first assesses whether (i) it intends to sell, or (ii) it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If either case is affirmative, any previously recognized allowances are charged-off and the security s amortized cost is written down to fair value through income. If neither case is affirmative, the security is evaluated to determine whether the decline in fair value has resulted from credit losses or other factors. In making this assessment, management considers the extent to which fair value is less than amortized cost, any changes to the rating of the security by a rating agency and any adverse conditions specifically related to the security, among other factors. If this assessment indicates that a credit loss exists, the present value of cash flows expected to be collected from the security are compared to the amortized cost basis of the security. If the present value of cash flows expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost basis, a credit loss exists and an allowance for credit losses is recorded for the credit loss, limited by the amount that the fair value is less than the amortized cost basis. Any impairment that has not been recorded through an allowance for credit losses is recognized in other comprehensive income. Adjustments to the allowance are reported in our income statement as a component of provision for credit losses. AFS securities are charged-off against the allowance or, in the absence of any allowance, written down through income when deemed uncollectible by management or when either of the aforementioned criteria regarding intent or requirement to sell is met. Accrued Interest Receivable Accrued interest receivable balances are presented separately within other assets on the statement of financial condition. Accrued interest receivable that is included in the amortized cost of financial receivables and debt securities are excluded from related disclosure requirements. The Company does not measure an allowance for credit losses for accrued interest receivable as the Company writes off accrued interest receivable, in a timely manner, by reversing interest income. For commercial loans, the write off typically occurs upon becoming 90 days past due. For consumer loans, the write off typically occurs upon becoming 120 days past due. Historically, the Company has not experienced uncollectible accrued interest receivable on its investment securities. However, the Company would generally write off accrued interest receivable by reversing interest income if the Company does not reasonably expect to receive payments. Due to the timely manner in which accrued interest receivables are written off, the amounts of such write offs are immaterial. (1.) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Reserve for Unfunded Commitments The reserve for unfunded commitments (the Unfunded Reserve represents the expected credit losses on off-balance sheet commitments such as unfunded commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. However, a liability is not recognized for commitments unconditionally cancellable by the Company. The Unfunded Reserve is recognized as a liability (other liabilities in the consolidated statements of financial condition), with adjustments to the reserve recognized as a provision for credit loss expense in the consolidated statements of income. The Unfunded Reserve is determined by estimating expected future fundings, under each segment, and applying the expected loss rates. Expected future fundings are based on historical averages of funding rates (i.e., the likelihood of draws taken). Average funding rates are determined based on the most recent 20 quarters (5 years) of actual fundings on lines of credit. The average funding rate for each segment is compared to the current funding rate on each line to determine the average fundings available to be drawn. The fund up rate (the difference between the average funding rate and the current funding rate) for each segment is then applied within the CECL model to the unfunded commitment balance to estimate the expected future fundings under each segment. The loss rate derived for each segment in the current CECL calculation is then applied to the expected future fundings to derive the estimate of allowance for credit losses for unfunded commitments. 
 thousand at December 31, 2022 . There was other real estate owned balance at December 31, 2021 . 
 
 and software, furniture and equipment over a period of 3 to . Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease term or the useful life of the improvements. Premises and equipment are periodically reviewed for impairment or when circumstances present indicators of impairment. 
 . The Company reviews long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles for impairment at least annually, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable, in which case an impairment charge would be recorded. (1.) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Goodwill is not amortized but, instead, is subject to impairment tests on at least an annual basis, and more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. The impairment testing process is conducted by assigning net assets and goodwill to each reporting unit. An initial qualitative evaluation is made to assess the likelihood of impairment and determine whether further quantitative testing to calculate the fair value is necessary. When the qualitative evaluation indicates that impairment is more likely than not, quantitative testing is required whereby the fair value of each reporting unit is calculated and compared to the recorded book value. If the calculated fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, then goodwill is not considered impaired. However, if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its calculated fair value, a goodwill impairment charge is recognized. See Note 8 for additional information on goodwill and other intangible assets. 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As a member of the FRB system, the Company is required to maintain a specified investment in FRB stock based on a ratio relative to the Company s capital. FRB stock totaled million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

(1.) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

(1.) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company does not have any loss reserves recorded related to these investments because it believes the likelihood of any loss is remote. For all legally binding unfunded equity commitments, the Company increases its recognized investment and recognize a liability. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had liabilities of million and million, res pectively, related to these investments that are included in other liabilities in the consolidated statements of financial condition. The Company continues to invest in these limited partnerships. 
 (1.) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

designated derivative instrument that is utilized to hedge the LIBOR characteristic of a future dated borrowing (i.e., Federal Home Loan Bank Advance). In 2015, the Company issued million in fixed to floating rate subordinated notes that currently bear a fixed rate of interest at until April 2025, when the rate converts to a floating rate equal to ; the indenture under which the notes were issued includes language allowing an alternate index to be applied in the event that LIBOR becomes unavailable at the floating rate determination date. At this time, no other borrowing or deposit relationships have been identified that utilize LIBOR as an index. (1.) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting . The ASU provides temporary optional expedients and exceptions to GAAP guidance on contract modifications and hedge accounting to ease the financial reporting burdens of the expected market transition from LIBOR and other interbank offered rates to alternative rates, such as Secured Overnight Funding Rate SOFR ). ASU 2020-04 became effective during the first quarter of 2020 and applies to contract modifications and amendments made as of the beginning of the reporting period including the ASU s issuance date, March 12, 2020, through December 31, 2022. The adoption of this guidance in 2020 resulted in the application of certain practical expedients, which did not have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. In January 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-01, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Scope . The ASU clarifies that certain optional expedients and exceptions in ASC 848 for contract modifications and hedge accounting apply to derivatives that are affected by the discounting transition. The ASU also amends the expedients and exceptions in ASC 848 to capture the incremental consequences of the scope clarification and to tailor the existing guidance to derivative instruments affected by the discounting transition. ASU 2021-01 was effective upon issuance and applies through December 31, 2022. In December 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-06, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848, which deferred the sunset date of Topic 848 to December 31, 2024. The adoption of this guidance resulted in the application of certain practical expedients, which did not have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Standards Not Yet Effective In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-02, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructuring and Vintage Disclosures. The ASU updates the accounting and disclosure for TDRs. Under the new guidance, the Company will no longer be required to identify TDRs and apply specialized accounting to such loans, and will have expanded disclosure for certain loan refinancings when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty. ASU 2022-02 will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those years. The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance will have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements other than the modified disclosure requirements. In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-01, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Fair Value Hedging - Portfolio Layer Method. The ASU expands the scope in which an entity can apply the portfolio layer method of hedge accounting, allowing for more consistent accounting for similar hedges. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance will have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements. 

thousand and other intangible assets of thousand. T he goodwill and other intangible assets are expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. The allocation of acquisition cost to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed and pro forma results of operations for this acquisition have not been presented because the effect of this acquisition was not material to the Company s consolidated financial statements. On August 2, 2021, SDN completed the acquisition of the assets of North Woods Capital Benefits LLC North Woods ), an employee benefits and human resources advisory firm. As a result of the acquisition, SDN recorded goodwill of thousand and other intangible assets of thousand. The goodwill and other intangible assets are expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. The allocation of acquisition cost to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed and pro forma results of operations for this acquisition have not been presented because the effect of this acquisition was not material to the Company s consolidated financial statements. There were no business combinations during 2022 or 2020. 

 branch closures and a reduction in staffing. The announcement was the result of a nine-month comprehensive assessment of all lines of business and functional areas, conducted in partnership with a leading process improvement organization. The data-driven analysis identified, among other things, overlapping service areas, automation opportunities and streamlining of processes and operations that would enhance customer experiences and facilitate the long-term sustainability of current and future branches. The announced consolidations represented about percent of the branch network and impacted approximately percent of the total Company workforce. Where possible, those impacted were offered alternative roles or the opportunity to apply for open positions in other areas of the Company. Separated associates received a comprehensive severance package based on tenure. In October 2020, the Company announced the planned closure of additional branch in January 2021. This location was not included in the branch consolidations announced in July 2020, as alternative options were being considered and consolidation was not possible given its significant distance from other Bank branches. The Company incurred total pre-tax expense related to the branch closures of approximately million, including approximately million in employee severance, million in lease termination costs and million in valuation adjustments on branch facilities during 2020. Additional related restructuring charges of million and thousand were incurred in 2022 and 2021, respectively, as a result of property valuation adjustments to write-down certain real estate assets to fair market value based on existing purchase offers and current market conditions. 

Lease termination costs 
 
 Restructuring charges 

Valuation adjustments 
 
 Restructuring charges 

Valuation adjustments 
 
 Net loss on other assets 

- 

Total 

Cash payments 

() 

Charges against assets 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Restructuring charges 

Cash payments 

() 

Charges against assets 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Restructuring charges 

Cash payments 

() 

Charges against assets 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

In contemplation of the transactions noted above, certain long-lived assets had met the held for sale criteria as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 . Long lived assets held for sale totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company recognized gain or loss on the sale of long-lived assets held for sale. 

- 86 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Mortgage-backed securities: 

Federal National Mortgage Association 

Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 

Government National Mortgage Association 

Collateralized mortgage obligations: 

Federal National Mortgage Association 

Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 

Privately issued 

Total mortgage-backed securities 

Total available for sale securities 

Securities held to maturity: 

U.S. Government agencies and government sponsored enterprises 

State and political subdivisions 

Mortgage-backed securities: 

Federal National Mortgage Association 

Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 

Government National Mortgage Association 

Collateralized mortgage obligations: 

Federal National Mortgage Association 

Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 

- 

Government National Mortgage Association 

Total mortgage-backed securities 

Total held to maturity securities 

Allowance for credit losses securities 

() 

Total held to maturity securities, net 

December 31, 2021 

Securities available for sale: 

U.S. Government agencies and government sponsored enterprises 

Mortgage-backed securities: 

Federal National Mortgage Association 

Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 

Government National Mortgage Association 

Collateralized mortgage obligations: 

Federal National Mortgage Association 

Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 

Privately issued 

Total mortgage-backed securities 

Total available for sale securities 

(4.) INVESTMENT SECURITIES (Continued) 

Amortized Cost 

Unrealized Gains 

Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

December 31, 2021 (continued) 

Securities held to maturity: 

State and political subdivisions 

Mortgage-backed securities: 

Federal National Mortgage Association 

Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 

Government National Mortgage Association 

Collateralized mortgage obligations: 

Federal National Mortgage Association 

Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 

Government National Mortgage Association 

Total mortgage-backed securities 

Total held to maturity securities 

Allowance for credit losses securities 

() 

Total held to maturity securities, net 

The Company elected to exclude accrued interest receivable AIR from the amortized cost basis of debt securities disclosed throughout this footnote. For AFS debt securities, AIR totaled million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. For HTM debt securities, AIR totaled thousand and thousand as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. AIR is included in other assets on the Company s consolidated statements of financial condition. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , credit loss (credit) expense for HTM investment securities was a credit of less than thousand and thousand, respectively. Investment securities with a total fair value of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were pledged as collateral to secure public deposits and for other purposes required or permitted by law. 

Tax-exempt interest and dividends 

Total interest and dividends on securities 

Gross realized gains 

Gross realized losses 

(4.) INVESTMENT SECURITIES (Continued) 

Due from one to five years 

Due after five years through ten years 

Due after ten years 

Total available for sale securities 

Debt securities held to maturity: 

Due in one year or less 

Due from one to five years 

Due after five years through ten years 

Due after ten years 

Total held to maturity securities 

Mortgage-backed securities: 

Federal National Mortgage Association 

Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 

Government National Mortgage Association 

Collateralized mortgage obligations: 

Federal National Mortgage Association 

Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 

Total mortgage-backed securities 

Total available for sale securities 

Total temporarily impaired securities 

December 31, 2021 

Securities available for sale: 

U.S. Government agencies and government sponsored enterprises 

- 

- 

Mortgage-backed securities: 

Federal National Mortgage Association 

Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 

Government National Mortgage Association 

- 

- 

Collateralized mortgage obligations: 

Federal National Mortgage Association 

- 

Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 

- 

- 

Total mortgage-backed securities 

Total available for sale securities 

Total temporarily impaired securities 

(4.) INVESTMENT SECURITIES (Continued) The total number of available for sale securities positions, for which an allowance for credit losses has not been recorded, in the investment portfolio in an unrealized loss position at December 31, 2022 was compared to at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022 , the Company had a position in investment securities with a fair value of million and a total unrealized loss of million that has been in a continuous unrealized loss position for more than 12 months. At December 31, 2022 , there were a total of securities positions in the Company s investment portfolio with a fair value of million and a total unrealized loss of million that had been in a continuous unrealized loss position for less than 12 months. At December 31, 2021 , the Company had a position in investment securities with a fair value of million and a total unrealized loss of million that has been in a continuous unrealized loss position for more than 12 months. At December 31, 2021 , there were a total of securities positions in the Company s investment portfolio with a fair value of million and a total unrealized loss of million that had been in a continuous unrealized loss position for less than 12 months. The unrealized loss on investment securities was predominantly caused by changes in market interest rates subsequent to purchase. The fair value of most of the investment securities in the Company s portfolio fluctuates as market interest rates change. Securities Available for Sale As of December 31, 2022 , allowance for credit losses has been recognized on available for sale securities in an unrealized loss position as management does not believe any of the securities are impaired due to reasons of credit quality. This is based upon our analysis of the underlying risk characteristics, including credit ratings, and other qualitative factors related to our available for sale securities and in consideration of our historical credit loss experience and internal forecasts. The issuers of these securities continue to make timely principal and interest payments under the contractual terms of the securities. Furthermore, management does not have the intent to sell any of the securities classified as available for sale in the table above and believes that it is more likely than not that the Company will not have to sell any such securities before a recovery of cost. The unrealized losses are due to increases in market interest rates over the yields available at the time the underlying securities were purchased. The fair value is expected to recover as the securities approach their maturity date or repricing date or if market yields for such investments decline. Securities Held to Maturity The Company s HTM investment securities include debt securities that are issued by U.S. government agencies or U.S. government-sponsored enterprises. These securities carry the explicit and/or implicit guarantee of the U.S. government, are widely recognized as risk free, and have a long history of zero credit loss. In addition, the Company s HTM investment securities include debt securities that are issued by state and local government agencies, or municipal bonds. The Company monitors the credit quality of our municipal bonds through the use of a credit rating agency or by ratings that are derived by an internal scoring model. The scoring methodology for the internally derived ratings is based on a series of financial ratios for the municipality being reviewed as compared to typical industry figures. This information is used to determine the financial strengths and weaknesses of the municipality, which is indicated with a numeric rating. This number is then converted into a letter rating to better match the system used by the credit rating agencies. As of December 31, 2022, million of our municipal bonds were rated as an equivalent to Standard Poor s A/AA/AAA, with million internally rated to be the equivalent of Standard Poor s A/AA/AAA rating. Additionally, no municipal bonds were rated below inve stment grade. As of December 31, 2021, million of our municipal bonds were rated as an equivalent to Standard Poor s A/AA/AAA, with million internally rate d to be the equivalent of Standard Poor s A/AA/AAA rating. Additionally, as of December 31, 2021, no municipal bonds were rated below investment grade. As of December 31, 2022, the Company h ad pa st due or nonaccrual held to maturity investment securities. 

- 90 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 thousand and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company sells certain qualifying newly originated or refinanced residential real estate loans on the secondary market. Residential real estate loans serviced for others, which are not included in the consolidated statements of financial condition, amounted to million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In connection with these mortgage-servicing activities, the Company administered escrow and other custodial funds which amounted to approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Originations 

Amortization 

() 

() 

() 

Mortgage servicing assets, end of year 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Mortgage servicing assets, net, end of year 

Commercial mortgage 

() 

Residential real estate loans 

Residential real estate lines 

Consumer indirect 

Other consumer 

Total 

Allowance for credit losses loans 

() 

Total loans, net 

2021 

Commercial business 

() 

Commercial mortgage 

() 

Residential real estate loans 

Residential real estate lines 

Consumer indirect 

Other consumer 

Total 

Allowance for credit losses loans 

() 

Total loans, net 

(6.) LOANS (Continued) The CARES Act was passed by Congress and signed into law on March 27, 2020. The CARES Act established the PPP, an expansion of the SBA s 7(a) loan program and the EIDL, administered directly by the SBA. The Company had million and million of PPP loans, principal amount outstanding (included in Commercial business above) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition, the CARES Act provided that a financial institution may elect to suspend (1) the application of GAAP for certain loan modifications related to COVID-19 made between March 1, 2020 and January 1, 2022 that would otherwise be categorized as a TDR and (2) any determination that such loan modifications would be considered a TDR, including the related impairment for accounting purposes. Accordingly, the Company had million of loans with modifications related to COVID-19 during 2020, with loans on deferral as of December 31, 2022 and million on deferral as of December 31, 2021. The Company elected to exclude AIR from the amortized cost basis of loans disclosed throughout this footnote. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, AIR for loans totaled million and million , respectively, and is included in other assets on the Company s consolidated statements of financial condition. The Company s significant concentrations of credit risk in the loan portfolio relate to a geographic concentration in the communities that the Company serves. Certain executive officers, directors and their business interests are customers of the Company. Transactions with these parties are based on the same terms as similar transactions with unrelated third parties and do not carry more than normal credit risk. Borrowings by these related parties amounted t o million and million a t December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During 2022, new borrowings amounte d to million (in cluding borrowings of executive officers and directors that were outstanding at the time of their appointment), and repayments and other reductions were million. Past Due Loans Aging 

Commercial mortgage 

Residential real estate loans 

Residential real estate lines 

Consumer indirect 

Other consumer 

Total loans, gross 

2021 

Commercial business 

Commercial mortgage 

Residential real estate loans 

Residential real estate lines 

Consumer indirect 

Other consumer 

Total loans, gross 

The Company has PPP loans greater than 90 days past due and still accruing interest as of December 31, 2022 and thousand of PPP loans greater than 90 days past due and still accruing interest (included in Commercial business above) as of December 31, 2021. Repayment of PPP loans is guaranteed by the SBA. There was thousand an d less than thousand in consumer overdrafts which were past due greater than 90 days as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Consumer overdrafts are overdrawn deposit accounts which have been reclassified as loans but by their terms do not accrue interest. (6.) LOANS (Continued) Interest income on nonaccrual loans, if recognized, is recorded using the cash basis method of accounting. There was interest income recognized on nonaccrual loans during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, estimated interest income of thousand, thousand, and thousand, respectively, would have been recorded if all such loans had been accruing interest according to their original contractual terms. Troubled Debt Restructurings A modification of a loan constitutes a TDR when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and the modification constitutes a concession. Commercial loans modified in a TDR may involve temporary interest-only payments, term extensions, reducing the interest rate for the remaining term of the loan, extending the maturity date at an interest rate lower than the current market rate for new debt with similar risk, collateral concessions, forgiveness of principal, forbearance agreements, or substituting or adding a new borrower or guarantor. There were loans modified as a TDR during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . There were loans modified as a TDR during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 that defaulted during the year ended December 31, 2022 . For purposes of this disclosure, a loan modified as a TDR is considered to have defaulted when the borrower becomes days past due. Collateral Dependent Loans Management has determined that specific commercial loans on nonaccrual status, all loans that have had their terms restructured in a troubled debt restructuring and other loans deemed appropriate by management where repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral to be collateral dependent loans. Collateral dependent loans at December 31, 2021 included certain criticized COVID-19 bridge loans not otherwise classified as nonaccrual. 

Commercial mortgage 

- 

Total 

December 31, 2021 

Commercial business 

Commercial mortgage 

- 

Total 

(6.) LOANS (Continued) Credit Quality Indicators The Company categorizes loans into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt such as: current financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information, and current economic trends, among other factors such as the fair value of collateral. The Company analyzes commercial business and commercial mortgage loans individually by classifying the loans as to credit risk. Risk ratings are updated any time the situation warrants. The Company uses the following definitions for risk ratings: Special Mention: Loans classified as special mention have a potential weakness that deserves management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or of the Company s credit position at some future date. Substandard: Loans classified as substandard are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. Doubtful: Loans classified as doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as substandard, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable. Loans that do not meet the criteria above that are analyzed individually as part of the process described above are considered uncriticized or pass-rated loans and are included in groups of homogeneous loans with similar risk and loss characteristics. (6.) LOANS (Continued) 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 

Commercial Mortgage 

Uncriticized 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 

Term Loans Amortized Cost Basis by Origination Year 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Prior 

Revolving Loans Amortized Cost Basis 

Revolving Loans Converted to Term 

Total 

December 31, 2021 

Commercial Business 

Uncriticized 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 

Commercial Mortgage 

Uncriticized 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 

(6.) LOANS (Continued) The Company utilizes payment status as a means of identifying and reporting problem and potential problem retail loans. The Company considers nonaccrual loans and loans past due greater than 90 days and still accruing interest to be non-performing. 

Nonperforming 

Total 

Residential Real Estate Lines 

Performing 

Nonperforming 

Total 

Consumer Indirect 

Performing 

Nonperforming 

Total 

Other Consumer 

Performing 

Nonperforming 

Total 

Term Loans Amortized Cost Basis by Origination Year 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Prior 

Revolving Loans Amortized Cost Basis 

Revolving Loans Converted to Term 

Total 

December 31, 2021 

Residential Real Estate Loans 

Performing 

Nonperforming 

Total 

Residential Real Estate Lines 

Performing 

Nonperforming 

Total 

Consumer Indirect 

Performing 

Nonperforming 

Total 

Other Consumer 

Performing 

Nonperforming 

Total 

(6.) LOANS (Continued) Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans 

Commercial Business 

Commercial Mortgage 

Residential Real Estate Loans 

Residential Real Estate Lines 

Consumer Indirect 

Other Consumer 

Total 

2022 

Allowance for credit losses - loans: 

Beginning balance 

Charge-offs 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Recoveries 

Provision (benefit) 

() 

Ending balance 

2021 

Allowance for credit losses - loans: 

Beginning balance 

Charge-offs 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Recoveries 

Provision (benefit) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

2020 

Allowance for credit losses - loans: 

Beginning balance, prior to adoption of ASC 326 

Impact of adopting ASC 326 

() 

() 

() 

Beginning balance, after adoption of ASC 326 

Charge-offs 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Recoveries 

Provision (credit) 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

(6.) LOANS (Continued) Risk Characteristics Commercial business loans primarily consist of loans to small to mid-sized businesses in our market area in a diverse range of industries. These loans are of higher risk and typically are made on the basis of the borrower s ability to make repayment from the cash flow of the borrower s business. Further, the collateral securing the loans may depreciate over time, may be difficult to appraise and may fluctuate in value. The credit risk related to commercial loans is largely influenced by general economic conditions, inflation and the resulting impact on a borrower s operations or on the value of underlying collateral, if any. Commercial mortgage loans generally have larger balances and involve a greater degree of risk than residential mortgage loans, potentially resulting in higher potential losses on an individual customer basis. Loan repayment is often dependent on the successful operation and management of the properties, as well as on the collateral securing the loan. Economic events, inflation or conditions in the real estate market could have an adverse impact on the cash flows generated by properties securing the Company s commercial real estate loans and on the value of such properties. Residential real estate loans (comprised of conventional mortgages and home equity loans) and residential real estate lines (comprised of home equity lines) are generally made based on the borrower s ability to make repayment from his or her employment and other income but are secured by real property whose value tends to be more easily ascertainable. Credit risk for these types of loans is generally influenced by general economic conditions, inflation, the characteristics of individual borrowers, and the nature of the loan collateral. Consumer indirect and other consumer loans may entail greater credit risk than residential mortgage loans and home equities, particularly in the case of other consumer loans which are unsecured or, in the case of indirect consumer loans, secured by depreciable assets, such as automobiles. In such cases, any repossessed collateral for a defaulted consumer loan may not provide an adequate source of repayment of the outstanding loan balance. In addition, consumer loan collections are dependent on the borrower s continuing financial stability, and thus are more likely to be affected by adverse personal circumstances such as job loss, illness or personal bankruptcy, including the heightened risk that such circumstances may arise as a result inflatio n. Furthermore, the application of various federal and state laws, including bankruptcy and insolvency laws, may limit the amount which can be recovered on such loans. 

Buildings and leasehold improvements 

Furniture, fixtures, equipment and vehicles 

Premises and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Premises and equipment, net 

(1) 

Computer and data processing expense 

Total depreciation and amortization expense 

- 100 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 goodwill impairment. The results of the 2021 annual impairment tests for the Company's reporting units indicated goodwill impairment. Based on volatility in the capital markets and overall economic conditions as a result of the COVID 19 pandemic accompanied by a decline in the Company s stock price, a quantitative assessment was performed for the Banking reporting unit in the third quarter of 2020. Based on this quantitative assessment, the Company concluded that goodwill was t impaired. The Company completed a quantitative assessment in relation to the SDN reporting unit as of its 2020 annual test date and determined that goodwill was t impaired. The Company completed qualitative assessments in relation to the Courier Capital and the HNP Capital reporting units as of their 2020 annual test date and determined it was not more likely than not that the fair value of these reporting units was less than their carrying values. Declines in the market value of the Company s publicly traded stock price or declines in the Company s ability to generate future cash flows may increase the potential that goodwill recorded on the Company s consolidated statement of financial condition be designated as impaired and that the Company may incur a goodwill write-down in the future. 

Acquisitions 
 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

No activity during the period 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

(1) All Other includes the SDN, Courier Capital and HNP Capital reporting units. The amounts are reported net of million accumulated impairment related to the SDN reporting unit. 

Other Intangible Assets 

Accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

Net book value 

Other intangibles: 

Gross carrying amount 

Accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

Net book value 

(8.) GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued) thousand and thousand , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022. Core deposit intangibles and other intangibles amortization expense was thousand and million , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2021. Core deposit intangibles and other intangibles amortization expense was thousand and million , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2020. Estimated amortization expense of other intangible assets for each of the next five years is as follows (in thousands): 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

. building leases were subleased with terms that extended through December 31, 2023. 

Accumulated amortization 
 
 Other assets 

() 

() 

Net book value 

Operating Lease Liabilities: 

Right of use lease obligations 
 
 Other liabilities 

The weighted average remaining lease term for operating leases was years at December 31, 2022 and the weighted-average discount rate used in the measurement of operating lease liabilities was . The Company utilizes its incremental borrowing rate at lease inception, on a collateralized basis, over a similar term for the discount rate. 

Variable lease costs (1) 

Sublease income 

() 

() 

() 

Net lease costs 

Other information: 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: 

Operating cash flows from operating leases 

Right of use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

(1) 

(9.) LEASES (Continued) 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total future minimum operating lease payments 

Amounts representing interest 

() 

Present value of net future minimum operating lease payments 

Tax credit investments 

Derivative instruments 

Collateral on derivative instruments 

Net deferred tax asset 

Other 

Total other assets 

Interest-bearing demand 

Savings and money market 

Time deposits, due: 

Within one year 

One to two years 

Two to three years 

Three to four years 

Four to five years 

Thereafter 

Total time deposits 

Total deposits 

The portion of time deposits by account that were in excess of the FDIC insurance limit at December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to million and million , respectively. 

Savings and money market 

Time deposits 

Total interest expense on deposits 

- 103 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Long-term borrowings: 

Subordinated notes, net 

Total borrowings 

Short-term borrowings Short-term FHLB borrowings have original maturities of less than one year and include overnight borrowings which the Company typically utilizes to address short term funding needs as they arise. Short-term FHLB borrowings at December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of million and million , respectively, in short-term borrowings. The FHLB borrowings are collateralized by securities from the Company s investment portfolio and certain qualifying loans. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company s borrowings had a weighted average rate of and , respectively. The Parent has a revolving line of credit with a commercial bank allowing borrowings up to million in total as an additional source of working capital. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , amounts have been drawn on the line of credit. Long-term borrowings On October 7, 2020, the Company completed a private placement of million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2030 to qualified institutional buyers and accredited institutional investors that were subsequently exchanged for subordinated notes with substantially the same terms (the 2020 Notes registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. and bear interest, payable semi-annually, at the rate of per annum, until October 15, 2025. Commencing on that date, the interest rate will reset quarterly to an interest rate per annum equal to the then current three-month secured overnight financing rate SOFR plus , payable quarterly until maturity. Proceeds, net of debt issuance costs of thousand, were million. The net proceeds from this offering were used for general corporate purposes, including but not limited to, contribution of capital to the Bank to support both organic growth and regulatory capital ratios. The 2020 Notes qualify as Tier 2 capital for regulatory purposes. On April 15, 2015, the Company issued million of fixed to floating rate subordinated notes due April 15, 2030 (the 2015 Notes in a registered public offering. The 2015 Notes bear interest at a fixed rate of per year, payable semi-annually, for the first years. From April 15, 2025 to the April 15, 2030 maturity date, the interest rate will reset quarterly to an annual interest rate equal to the then current three-month London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) plus , payable quarterly. After the discontinuance of LIBOR, the interest rate will be determined by an alternate method as reasonably selected by the Company. T he 2015 Notes are redeemable by the Company at any quarterly interest payment date beginning on April 15, 2025 to maturity at par, plus accrued and unpaid interest. Proceeds, net of debt issuance costs of million, were million. The net proceeds from this offering were used for general corporate purposes, including but not limited to, contribution of capital to the Bank to support both organic growth and opportunistic acquisitions. The 2015 Notes qualify as Tier 2 capital for regulatory purposes. The Company adopted ASU 2015-03 that requires debt issuance costs to be reported as a direct deduction from the face value of the 2015 Notes and the 2020 Notes, and not as a deferred charge. The debt issuance costs will be amortized as an adjustment to interest expense through for the 2015 Notes and through for the 2020 Notes. 

 - 104 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 months. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company had outstanding forward interest rate derivative with a notional value of million t hat was designated as a cash flow hedge of interest rate risk. The derivative became effective in at a pay fixed strike price of and matures . For derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk, the gain or loss on the derivative is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and subsequently reclassified into interest expense in the same period(s) during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the Company s borrowings. During the next twelve months, the Company estimates that million will be reclassified as an increase to interest expense. Interest Rate Swaps The Company executes interest rate swaps with commercial banking customers to facilitate their respective risk management strategies. These interest rate swaps are simultaneously hedged by offsetting interest rate swaps that the Company executes with a third party, such that the Company minimizes its net risk exposure resulting from such transactions. As the interest rate swaps associated with this program do not meet hedge accounting requirements, changes in the fair value of both the customer swaps and the offsetting swaps are recognized directly in earnings. Credit-risk-related Contingent Features The Company has agreements with certain of its derivative counterparties that contain one or more of the following provisions: (a) if the Company defaults on any of its indebtedness, including a default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender, the Company could also be declared in default on its derivative obligations, and (b) if the Company fails to maintain its status as a well-capitalized institution, the counterparty could terminate the derivative positions and the Company would be required to settle its obligations under the agreements. Mortgage Banking Derivatives The Company extends rate lock agreements to borrowers related to the origination of residential mortgage loans. To mitigate the interest rate risk inherent in these rate lock agreements when the Company intends to sell the related loan, once originated, as well as closed residential mortgage loans held for sale, the Company enters into forward commitments to sell individual residential mortgages. Rate lock agreements and forward commitments are considered derivatives and are recorded at fair value. (13.) DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENT AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES (Continued) Fair Values of Derivative Instruments on the Balance Sheet 

Other assets 

Other liabilities 

- 

Total derivatives 

- 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 

Interest rate swaps (1) 

Other assets 

Other liabilities 

Credit contracts 

Other assets 

Other liabilities 

Mortgage banking 

Other assets 

Other liabilities 

Total derivatives 

(1) million against its net obligations under these contracts at December 31, 2022, and secured its net obligation under these contracts with million in cash at December 31, 2021 . 

Effect of Derivative Instruments on the Income Statement 

Credit contracts 
 
 Income from derivative instruments, net 

Mortgage banking 
 
 Income from derivative instruments, net 

() 

() 

Total undesignated 

- 106 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Standby letters of credit 

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the agreement. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses which may require payment of a fee. Commitments may expire without being drawn upon; therefore, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Each customer s creditworthiness is evaluated on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if any, is based on management s credit evaluation of the borrower. Standby letters of credit are conditional lending commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. These standby letters of credit are primarily issued to support private borrowing arrangements. The credit risk involved in issuing standby letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. Unfunded Commitments At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the allowance for credit losses for unfunded commitments totaled million and million , respectively, and was included in other liabilities on the Company s consolidated statements of financial condition. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, credit loss (benefit) expense for unfunded commitments was expense of million and a benefit of million , respectively, and was included in provision (benefit) for credit losses on the Company s consolidated statements of income. Contingent Liabilities and Litigation In the ordinary course of business there are various threatened and pending legal proceedings against the Company. Management believes that the aggregate liability, if any, arising from such litigation would not have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. The Company is party to an action filed against it on May 16, 2017 by Matthew L. Chipego, Charlene Mowry, Constance C. Churchill and Joseph W. Ewing in the Court of Common Pleas in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Plaintiffs sought and were granted class certification to represent classes of consumers in New York and Pennsylvania seeking to recover statutory damages, interest and declaratory relief. The plaintiffs allege that they obtained direct or indirect financing from the Company for the purchase of vehicles that the Company later repossessed. The plaintiffs specifically claim that the notices the Bank sent to defaulting consumers after their vehicles were repossessed did not comply with the relevant portions of the Uniform Commercial Code in New York and Pennsylvania. The Company disputes and believes it has meritorious defenses against these claims and plan to continue to vigorously defend itself. (14.) COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued) On September 30, 2021, the Court granted plaintiffs motion for class certification and certified four different classes (two classes of New York consumers and two classes of Pennsylvania consumers). There are approximately 5,200 members in the New York classes and 300 members in the Pennsylvania classes. On September 26, 2022, the lower Court denied the plaintiffs motion for partial summary judgment for most of the relief they seek and found that there were questions of fact as to whether the members of the class had purchased the subject vehicles for consumer use within the meaning of the relevant statutes. The Court also denied the Company s motion for partial summary judgment an seeking an offset in the form of recoupment reducing any liability that may be imposed against the Company by the amounts that the borrowers owe for failing to repay their motor vehicle loans, determining that the Court could not enter a judgment on recoupment which is a set off from liability without first determining whether there was liability. Also pending with the lower Court is the Company s motion to compel discovery. On October 7, 2022, the Superior Court of Pennsylvania granted the Company s December 20, 2021 Request for an Interlocutory Appeal of the denial of the Company s motion to dismiss the claims brought by New York borrowers for lack of subject matter jurisdiction and lack of standing. The case is stayed until the appeal is briefed and decided by the Superior Court. The Bank s appellate brief is due on March 14, 2023. The Company has not accrued a contingent liability for this matter at this time because, given its defenses, it is unable to conclude whether a liability is probable to occur nor is it able to currently reasonably estimate the amount of potential loss. If the Company settles these claims or the action is not resolved in its favor, the Company may suffer reputational damage and incur legal costs, settlements or judgments that exceed the amounts covered by its insurer. The Company can provide no assurances that its insurer will cover the full legal costs, settlements or judgments it incurs. If the Company is unsuccessful in defending itself from these claims or if its insurer does not cover the full amount of legal costs it incurs, the result may materially adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. 

(15.) REGULATORY MATTERS (Continued) The Economic Growth Act provided for a potential exception from the Basel III Rules for community banks that maintain a Community Bank Leverage Ratio CBLR of at least to . The CBLR is calculated by dividing Tier 1 capital by the bank s average total consolidated assets. In the final rules approved by the FDIC in September 2019, qualifying community banking organizations that opt in to using the CBLR are considered to be in compliance with the Basel III Rules as long as the bank maintains a CBLR of greater than . If a bank is not a qualifying community banking organization, does not opt in to using the CBLR, or cannot maintain a CBLR of greater than , the bank would have to comply with the Basel III Rules. The Company determined to comply with the Basel III Rules instead of using the CBLR framework. The Company s and the Bank s Common Equity Tier 1 capital includes common stock and related paid-in capital, net of treasury stock, and retained earnings. In connection with the adoption of the Basel III Capital Rules, The Company elected to opt-out of the requirement to include most components of accumulated other comprehensive income in Common Equity Tier 1. Common Equity Tier 1 for both the Company and the Bank is reduced by goodwill and other intangible assets, net of associated deferred tax liabilities. Tier 1 capital includes Common Equity Tier 1 capital and additional Tier 1 capital. For the Company, additional Tier 1 capital at December 31, 2022 includes, subject to limitation, million of preferred stock. Total capital includes Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital. Tier 2 capital for both the Company and the Bank includes a permissible portion of the allowance for credit losses. Tier 2 capital for the Company also includes qualified subordinated debt. At December 31, 2022, the Company s Tier 2 capital included million of Subordinated Notes. The Common Equity Tier 1, Tier 1 and Total capital ratios are calculated by dividing the respective capital amounts by risk-weighted assets. Risk-weighted assets are calculated based on regulatory requirements and include total assets, with certain exclusions, allocated by risk weight category, and certain off-balance-sheet items, among other things. The leverage ratio is calculated by dividing Tier 1 capital by adjusted quarterly average total assets, which exclude goodwill and other intangible assets, among other things. The Basel III Capital Rules require the Company and the Bank to maintain (i) a minimum ratio of Common Equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of at least , plus a capital conservation buffer (which is added to the 4.5 Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio, effectively resulting in a minimum ratio of Common Equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of at least ), (ii) a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of at least , plus the capital conservation buffer (which is added to the 6.0 Tier 1 capital ratio, effectively resulting in a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of ), (iii) a minimum ratio of Total capital (that is, Tier 1 plus Tier 2) to risk-weighted assets of at least , plus the capital conservation buffer (which is added to the 8.0 total capital ratio, effectively resulting in a minimum total capital ratio of and (iv) a minimum leverage ratio of , calculated as the ratio of Tier 1 capital to average quarterly assets. The Basel III Capital Rules also provide for a countercyclical capital buffer that is applicable to only certain covered institutions and does not have any current applicability to the Company or the Bank. The capital conservation buffer is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress and effectively increases the minimum required risk-weighted capital ratios. Banking institutions with a ratio of Common Equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets below the effective minimum will face constraints on dividends, equity repurchases, and compensation based on the amount of the shortfall. (15.) REGULATORY MATTERS (Continued) 

Bank 

CET1 capital: 

Company 

Bank 

Tier 1 capital: 

Company 

Bank 

Total capital: 

Company 

Bank 

2021 

Tier 1 leverage: 

Company 

Bank 

CET1 capital: 

Company 

Bank 

Tier 1 capital: 

Company 

Bank 

Total capital: 

Company 

Bank 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company and Bank were considered well capitalized under all regulatory capital guidelines. Such determination has been made based on the Tier 1 leverage, CET1 capital, Tier 1 capital and total capital ratios. Federal Reserve Requirements The Bank is typically required to maintain cash on hand or on deposit at the FRB of New York according to the reserve requirements set by the FRB. In March 2020, the FRB reduced the required reserve to . Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank was not required to maintain a reserve balance at the FRB of New York. Dividend Restrictions In the ordinary course of business, the Company is dependent upon dividends from the Bank to provide funds for the payment of dividends to shareholders and to provide for other cash requirements. Banking regulations may limit the amount of dividends that may be paid. Approval by regulatory authorities is required if the effect of dividends declared would cause the regulatory capital of the Bank to fall below specified minimum levels. Approval is also required if dividends declared exceed the net profits for that year combined with the retained net profits for the preceding two years. 

 - 110 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 shares of capital stock, of which are common stock, par value per share, and of which are preferred stock, par value per share, which is designated into two classes, Class A of which shares are authorized, and Class B of which shares are authorized. There are two series of Class A preferred stock: Series A 3 preferred stock and the Series A preferred stock. There is one series of Class B preferred stock: Series B-1 8.48 preferred stock. There were shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Common Stock 

Restricted stock awards issued 

() 

- 

Restricted stock units released 

() 

- 

Stock awards 

() 

- 

Treasury stock purchases 

() 

- 

Shares outstanding at end of year 

2021 

Shares outstanding at beginning of year 

Shares issued for Landmark Group acquisition 

() 

- 

Restricted stock awards issued 

() 

- 

Restricted stock units released 

() 

- 

Stock awards 

() 

- 

Treasury stock purchases 

() 

- 

Shares outstanding at end of year 

Share Repurchase Programs In June 2022, the Company s Board of Directors the Board authorized a share repurchase program for up to shares of common stock (the 2022 Share Repurchase Program ). Repurchased shares are recorded in treasury stock, at cost, which includes any applicable transaction costs. As of December 31, 2022 , the remaining number of shares authorized for repurchase under 2022 Share Repurchase Program was . In November 2020, the Board authorized a share repurchase program of common stock for up to shares of common stock (the 2020 Share Repurchase Program ). The 2020 Repurchase Program was completed in March 2022. Under the 2020 Share Repurchase Program, shares were repurchased at an average price of during the first quarter of 2022, and shares were repurchased at an average price of during the year ended December 31, 2021. shares were repurchased under this program during the year ended December 31, 2020. Preferred Stock Series A 3 Preferred Stock. There were shares of Series A preferred stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 . Holders of Series A 3 preferred stock are entitled to receive an annual dividend of per share, which is cumulative and payable quarterly. Holders of Series A 3 preferred stock have no pre-emptive right to, or right to purchase or subscribe for, any additional shares of the Company s capital stock and have no voting rights. Dividend or dissolution payments to the Class A shareholders must be declared and paid, or set apart for payment, before any dividends or dissolution payments can be declared and paid, or set apart for payment, to the holders of Class B preferred stock or common stock. The Series A 3 preferred stock is not convertible into any other of the Company s securities. (16.) SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (Continued) Series B-1 8.48 Preferred Stock. There were shares of Series B-1 preferred stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 . Holders of Series B-1 8.48 preferred stock are entitled to receive an annual dividend of per share, which is cumulative and payable quarterly. Holders of Series B-1 8.48 preferred stock have no pre-emptive right to, or right to purchase or subscribe for, any additional shares of the Company s common stock and have no voting rights. Accumulated dividends on the Series B-1 8.48 preferred stock do not bear interest, and the Series B-1 8.48 preferred stock is not subject to redemption. Dividend or dissolution payments to the Class B shareholders must be declared and paid, or set apart for payment, before any dividends or dissolution payments are declared and paid, or set apart for payment, to the holders of common stock. The Series B-1 8.48 preferred stock is not convertible into any other of the Company s securities. 

 (1 

() 

() 

Reclassification adjustment for net gains included in net income (1) 

Total securities available for sale and transferred securities 

() 

() 

() 

Hedging derivative instruments: 

Change in unrealized gain (loss) during the year 

Pension and post-retirement obligations: 

Net actuarial gain (loss) arising during the year 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of net actuarial loss and prior service cost included in income 

Total pension and post-retirement obligations 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

2021 

Securities available for sale and transferred securities: 

Change in unrealized gain (loss) during the year 

() 

() 

() 

Reclassification adjustment for net gains included in net income (1) 

Total securities available for sale and transferred securities 

() 

() 

() 

Hedging derivative instruments: 

Change in unrealized gain (loss) during the year 

Pension and post-retirement obligations: 

Net actuarial gain (loss) arising during the year 

Amortization of net actuarial loss and prior service cost included in income 

Total pension and post-retirement obligations 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

2020 

Securities available for sale and transferred securities: 

Change in unrealized gain (loss) during the year 

Reclassification adjustment for net gains included in net income (1) 

() 

() 

() 

Total securities available for sale and transferred securities 

Hedging derivative instruments: 

Change in unrealized gain (loss) during the year 

Pension and post-retirement obligations: 

Net actuarial gain (loss) arising during the year 

Amortization of net actuarial loss and prior service cost included in income 

Total pension and post-retirement obligations 

Other comprehensive income 

(1) 

(17.) ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME (Continued) 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 

() 

() 

() 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at January 1, 2021 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 

() 

() 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at January 1, 2020 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income 

() 

() 

Net current period other comprehensive income 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Net gain on investment securities 

Amortization of unrealized holding losses on investment securities transferred from available for sale to held to maturity 

() 

() 
 
 Interest income 

() 

() 
 
 Total before tax 

Income tax benefit 

() 

() 
 
 Net of tax 

Amortization of pension and post-retirement items: 

Prior service credit (1) 

Salaries and employee benefits 

Net actuarial losses (1) 

() 

() 
 
 Salaries and employee benefits 

() 

() 
 
 Total before tax 

Income tax benefit 

() 

() 
 
 Net of tax 

Total reclassified for the period 

() 

() 

(1) 

shares transferred from the 2009 Plans were available for grant pursuant to the 2015 Plan. In addition, any shares subject to outstanding awards under the 2009 Plans that were canceled, expired, forfeited or otherwise not issued or are settled in cash became available for future award grants under the 2015 Plan. In June 2021, the Company's shareholders approved the Amended and Restated 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ), which increased the total number of shares available for grant under the Plan by shares. As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately shares available for grant under the 2015 Plan. Under the 2015 Plan, the Compensation Committee may establish and prescribe grant guidelines including various terms and conditions for the granting of stock-based compensation. For stock options, the exercise price of each option equals the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the date of the grant. All options expire after a period of from the date of grant and generally become fully exercisable over a period of to from the grant date. When an option recipient exercises their options, the Company issues shares from treasury stock and records the proceeds as additions to capital. The Company uses the Black-Scholes valuation method to estimate the fair value of its stock option awards. Shares of restricted stock awards granted to employees generally vest over to from the grant date. percent of the shares of restricted stock awards granted to non-employee directors generally vests on the date of grant and the remaining percent generally vests one year from the grant date. Vesting of the shares may be based on years of service, established performance measures or both. If restricted stock awards are forfeited before they vest, the shares are reacquired into treasury stock. The grant-date fair value for restricted stock awards is generally equal to the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The grant-date fair value for restricted stock unit awards is generally equal to the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant reduced by the present value of the dividends expected to be paid on the underlying shares. The Company awards grants of performance-based restricted stock units PSUs to certain members of management. In 2020, the Compensation Committee approved new PSUs under the 2015 Plan. percent of the shares subject to each grant that ultimately vest are contingent on achieving specified return on average equity ROAE targets relative to the market index the Compensation Committee has selected as a peer group for this purpose. These shares will be earned based on the Company s achievement of a relative ROAE performance requirement, on a percentile basis, compared to the market index over a performance period. . The remaining percent of the PSUs that ultimately vest are contingent upon achievement of an average return on average assets ROAA performance requirement over a performance period. The restricted stock awards granted to the directors and the restricted stock units granted to employees in 2022, 2021 and 2020 do not have rights to dividends or dividend equivalents. There were stock options awarded during 2022, 2021 or 2020 . There was unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock options as of December 31, 2022. There was no stock option activity for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

Non-vested at end of year 

(18.) SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION 
 The weighted average grant date fair value of restricted stock granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , , and , respectively. The total fair value of restricted stock units that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was thousand , thousand and thousand , respectively. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Non-vested at end of year 

The weighted average grant date fair value of restricted stock units granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , , and , respectively. The total fair value of restricted stock units that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million , thousand and thousand , respectively. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Non-vested at end of year 

The weighted average grant date fair value of PSUs granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , , and , respectively. The total fair value of PSUs that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020 was thousand and thousand respectively. For PSUs that vested during 2021, the threshold performance for any payout had not been met, and no shares were paid out or vested. The Company amortizes the expense related to share-based compensation over the vesting period. Share-based compensation expense is recorded as a component of salaries and employee benefits in the consolidated statements of income for awards granted to management and as a component of other noninterest expense for awards granted to directors. 

Other noninterest expense 

Total share-based compensation expense 

Income tax benefit realized for compensation costs 

As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested restricted stock awards and restricted stock units that is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

 - 115 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

State 

Total current tax expense 

Deferred tax (benefit) expense: 

Federal 

() 

() 

State 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax (benefit) expense 

() 

() 

Total income tax expense 

Increase (decrease) resulting from: 

Tax exempt interest income 

() 

() 

() 

Tax credits and adjustments 

() 

() 

() 

Non-taxable earnings on company owned life insurance 

() 

() 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Nondeductible expenses 

Other, net 

Effective tax rate 

1 

Shareholder s equity 

() 

() 

The Company recognizes deferred income taxes for the estimated future tax effects of differences between the tax and financial statement bases of assets and liabilities considering enacted tax laws. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included in other assets in the Company s consolidated statements of financial condition. The Company also assesses the likelihood that deferred tax assets will be realizable based on, among other considerations, future taxable income and establishes, if necessary, a valuation allowance for those deferred tax assets determined to not likely be realizable. A deferred tax asset valuation allowance is recognized if, based on the weight of available evidence (both positive and negative), it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The future realization of deferred tax benefits depends upon the existence of sufficient taxable income within the carry-back and carry-forward periods. Management s judgment is required in determining the appropriate recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities, including projections of future taxable income. In 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized the impact of its investments in limited partnerships that generated qualifying tax credits resulting i n a m illion reduction in income tax expense in each year, and an thousand and thousand net loss recorded in noninterest income, respectively. See Note 1 for the Company s accounting policy for income taxes and these tax credit investments. (19.) INCOME TAXES (Continued) 

Leases right of use obligations 

Deferred compensation 

Investment in limited partnerships 

SERP agreements 

Share-based compensation 

Tax attribute carryforward benefits 

Net unrealized loss on securities available for sale 

Accrued pension costs 

Other 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Leases right of use assets 

Investments in limited partnerships 

Prepaid expenses 

Prepaid pension costs 

Intangible assets 

Depreciation and amortization 

Net unrealized gain on securities available for sale 

Loan servicing assets 

Deferred loan origination costs 

Other 

Gross deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax asset 

Based upon the Company s historical and projected future levels of pre-tax and taxable income, the scheduled reversals of taxable temporary differences to offset future deductible amounts, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies, management believes it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized. Therefore, valuation allowance has been recorded as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company and its subsidiaries are primarily subject to federal and New York income taxes. The federal income tax years currently open for audit are through . The New York income tax years currently open for audit are through . At December 31, 2022 , the Company had federal or New York net operating loss, capital loss or tax credit carryforwards. The Company had a capital loss carryforward totaling million that was generated in the 2020 tax year and a portion of the capital loss was carried back to prior years and the remainder, utilized in 2021. The Company s unrecognized tax benefits and changes in unrecognized tax benefits were not significant as of or for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. There were material i nterest or penalties recorded in the income statement in income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , there were amounts accrued for interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 

 - 117 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Total shares issued 

Unvested restricted stock awards 

() 

() 

() 

Treasury shares 

() 

() 

() 

Total basic weighted average common shares outstanding 

Incremental shares from assumed: 

Exercise of stock options 

- 

- 

- 

Vesting of restricted stock awards 

Total diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 

Basic earnings per common share 

Diluted earnings per common share 

Restricted stock awards 

Total 

There were participating securities outstanding for the years ended December 2022, 2021 and 2020 . Therefore, the two-class method of calculating basic and diluted EPS was not applicable for the years presented. 

 thousand and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. SERP expense was thousand, thousand and t housand for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Defined Contribution Plan Employees that meet specified eligibility conditions are eligible to participate in the Company sponsored 401(k) plan. Under the plan, participants may make contributions, in the form of salary deferrals, up to the maximum Internal Revenue Code limit. The Company is also permitted to make additional discretionary contributions, although such additional discretionary contributions were made in 2022, 2021 or 2020. Defined Benefit Pension Plan The Company participates in The New York State Bankers Retirement System (the Plan ), a defined benefit pension plan covering substantially all employees. For employees hired prior to December 31, 2006, who met participation requirements on or before January 1, 2008 Tier 1 Participant ), the benefits are generally based on years of service and the employee s highest average compensation during five consecutive years of employment. Effective January 1, 2016, the Plan was amended to open the Plan to eligible employees who were hired on and after January 1, 2007 Tier 2 Participant and provide these eligible participants with a cash balance benefit formula. As part of the reorganization the Company implemented in December 2022, the Plan was amended such that effective January 31, 2023, benefits under Tier 1 will be frozen to future accruals and going forward all participants will be earning benefits under Tier 2. 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Actuarial gain 

() 

() 

Benefits paid and plan expenses 

() 

() 

Projected benefit obligation at end of period 

Change in plan assets: 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of period 

Actual return on plan assets 

() 

Employer contributions 

- 

- 

Benefits paid and plan expenses 

() 

() 

Fair value of plan assets at end of period 

Funded status at end of period 

() 

The accumulated benefit obligation was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company s funding policy is to contribute, at a minimum, an actuarially determined amount that will satisfy the minimum funding requirements determined under the appropriate sections of Internal Revenue Code. The Company has minimum required contribution for the 2023 fiscal year. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 - 2031 

Interest cost on projected benefit obligation 

Expected return on plan assets 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of unrecognized loss 

Net periodic pension cost 

Rate of compensation increase 

Expected long-term rate of return 

(21.) EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (Continued) The actuarial assumptions used to determine the projected benefit obligation were as follows: 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Weighted average discount rate 

Rate of compensation increase 

The weighted average discount rate was based upon the projected benefit cash flows and the market yields of high-grade corporate bonds that are available to pay such cash flows. The Plan s overall investment strategy is to invest in a diversified portfolio while managing the variability between the assets and projected liabilities of underfunded pension plans. The Plan s Board Members approved a migration (the Migration of substantially all of the Plan s assets to one fund, Commingled Pensions Trust Fund (LDI Diversified Balanced) of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMCB LDI Diversified Balanced Fund or the Fund ). The Fund is a collective investment fund managed by the Plan s trustee (the Trustee under the Declaration of Trust. The Trustee is the Fund s manager and makes day-to-day investment decisions for the Fund. The Fund is a group trust within the meaning of Internal Revenue Service Revenue Ruling 81-100, as amended. In reliance upon exemptions from the registration requirements of the federal securities laws, neither the Fund nor the Fund s Units are registered with the SEC or any state securities commission. Because the Fund is not subject to registration under federal or state securities laws, certain protections that might otherwise be provided to investors in registered funds are not available to investors in the Fund. However, as a bank-sponsored collective investment trust holding qualified retirement plan assets, the Fund is required to comply with applicable provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ), and the Trustee is subject to supervision and regulation by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the Department of Labor. Prior to the Migration, the Plan s overall investment strategy was to achieve a mix of approximately of investments for long-term growth and f or near-term benefit payments with a wide diversification of asset types, fund strategies, and fund managers. The Board made the election in their December 2018 meeting and the Migration had an effective trade date of February 28, 2019. The Fund employs a liability driven investing LDI strategy for pension plans that are seeking a solution that is balanced between growth and hedging. The Bloomberg Barclays Long A U.S. Corporate Index, the Fund s primary liability-performance benchmark, is used as a proxy for plan projected liabilities. The growth-oriented portion of the Fund invests in a mix of asset classes that the Fund s Trustee believes will collectively maximize total risk-adjusted return through a combination of capital appreciation and income. This portion of the Fund will comprise between and of the portfolio and will invest directly or indirectly via underlying funds in a broad mix of global equity, credit, global fixed income, real estate and cash-plus strategies. The remaining portion of the Fund, between and of the portfolio, provides exposure to U.S. long duration fixed income and is used to minimize volatility relative to a plan s projected liabilities. This portion of the Fund will invest directly or indirectly via underlying funds in investment grade corporate bonds and securities issued by the U.S. Treasury and its agencies or instrumentalities. 

Equity securities 

Fixed income securities 

Alternative investments 

Cash equivalents include repurchase agreements, banker s acceptances, commercial paper, negotiable certificates of deposit, U.S. government securities with less than one year to maturity and funds (including the Commingled Pension Trust Fund (Liquidity) of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan )) established to invest in these types of highly liquid, high-quality instruments. Equity securities primarily include investments in common stocks, depository receipts, preferred stocks, commingled pension trust funds, exchange traded funds and real estate investment trusts. Fixed income securities include corporate bonds, government issues, credit card receivables, mortgage-backed securities, municipals, commingled pension trust funds and other asset backed securities. Alternative investments are real estate interests and related investments held within a commingled pension trust fund. (21.) EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (Continued) The Fund is valued utilizing the valuation policies set forth by JP Morgan s asset management committee. Underlying investments for which market quotations are readily available are valued at their market value. Underlying investments for which market quotations are not readily available are fair valued by approved affiliated and/or unaffiliated pricing vendors, third-party broker-dealers or methodologies as approved by the asset management committee. Fixed income instruments are valued based on prices received from approved affiliated and unaffiliated pricing vendors or third-party broker-dealers (collectively referred to as Pricing Services ). The Pricing Services use multiple valuation techniques to determine the valuation of fixed income instruments. In instances where sufficient market activity exists, the Pricing Services may utilize a market-based approach through which trades or quotes from market makers are used to determine the valuation of these instruments. In instances where sufficient market activity may not exist, the Pricing Services also utilize proprietary valuation models which may consider market transactions in comparable securities and the various relationships between securities in determining fair value and/or market characteristics in order to estimate the relevant cash flows, which are then discounted to calculate the fair values. Equities and other exchange-traded instruments are valued at the last sales price or official market closing price on the primary exchange on which the instrument is traded before the net asset values NAV of the Funds are calculated on a valuation date. Futures contracts are generally valued on the basis of available market quotations. Forward foreign currency exchange contracts are valued utilizing market quotations from approved Pricing Services. The Fund invests in the Commingled Pension Trust Fund Strategic Property Fund of JPMorgan (the SPF ), which holds significant amounts of investments which have been fair valued at December 31, 2022 and 2021. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no transfers in or out of Levels 1, 2 or 3. In addition, there were no changes in valuation methodologies during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

- 

- 

Short term investment funds 

- 

- 

Total cash equivalents 

- 

Equity securities: 

Commingled pension trust funds 

- 

- 

Total equity securities 

- 

- 

Fixed income securities: 

Commingled pension trust funds 

- 

- 

Corporate bonds 

- 

- 

Total fixed income securities 

- 

- 

Other investments: 

Commingled pension trust funds 

- 

- 

Total Plan investments 

- 

(21.) EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (Continued) 
 At December 31, 2022 , the portfolio was substantially managed by one investment firm, with control of approximately of the Plan s assets. A portfolio concentration of in the JPMCB LDI Diversified Balanced Fund, a CPTF, existed at December 31, 2022. 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Inputs 

Inputs 

Inputs 

Fair Value 

2021 

Cash equivalents: 

Cash (including foreign currencies) 

- 

- 

Short term investment funds 

- 

- 

Total cash equivalents 

- 

Equity securities: 

Commingled pension trust funds 

- 

- 

Total equity securities 

- 

- 

Fixed income securities: 

Commingled pension trust funds 

- 

- 

Corporate bonds 

- 

- 

Total fixed income securities 

- 

- 

Other investments: 

Commingled pension trust funds 

- 

- 

Total Plan investments 

- 

At December 31, 2021 , the portfolio was substantially managed by one investment firm, with control of approximately of the Plan s assets with the remaining under the direct control of the Plan. A portfolio concentration of in the JPMCB LDI Diversified Balanced Fund, a CPTF, existed at December 31, 2021. Postretirement Benefit Plan An entity acquired by the Company provided health and dental care benefits to retired employees who met specified age and service requirements through a postretirement health and dental care plan in which both the acquired entity and the retirees shared the cost. The plan provided for substantially the same medical insurance coverage as for active employees until their death and was integrated with Medicare for those retirees aged 65 or older. In 2001, the plan s eligibility requirements were amended to curtail eligible benefit payments to only retired employees and active employees who had already met the then-applicable age and service requirements under the Plan. In 2003, retirees under age 65 began contributing to health coverage at the same cost-sharing level as that of active employees. Retirees ages 65 or older were offered new Medicare supplemental plans as alternatives to the plan historically offered. The cost sharing of medical coverage was standardized throughout the group of retirees aged 65 or older. In addition, to be consistent with the administration of the Company s dental plan for active employees, all retirees who continued dental coverage began paying the full monthly premium. As of December 31, 2022, there was accrued liability related to this plan. The accrued liability included in other liabilities in the consolidated statements of financial condition related to this plan amounted to thousand as of December 31, 2021. The postretirement expense for the plan that was included in salaries and employee benefits in the consolidated statements of income was not significant for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 . This plan is unfunded. 

 - 122 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 (22.) FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued) Collateral dependent loans: Fair value of collateral dependent loans with specific allocations of the allowance for credit losses - loans is measured based on the value of the collateral securing these loans and is classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. Collateral may be real estate and/or business assets including equipment, inventory and/or accounts receivable and collateral value is determined based on appraisals performed by qualified licensed appraisers hired by the Company. These appraisals may utilize a single valuation approach or a combination of approaches including comparable sales and the income approach. Appraised and reported values may be discounted based on management s historical knowledge, changes in market conditions from the time of valuation, and/or management s expertise and knowledge of the client and the client s business. Such discounts are typically significant and result in a Level 3 classification of the inputs for determining fair value. Collateral dependent loans are reviewed and evaluated on at least a quarterly basis for additional impairment and adjusted accordingly, based on the same factors identified above. Long-lived assets held for sale: The fair value of the long-lived assets held for sale was based on estimated market prices from independently prepared current appraisals, adjusted for expected costs to sell, and are classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. Loan servicing rights: Loan servicing rights do not trade in an active market with readily observable market data. As a result, the Company estimates the fair value of loan servicing rights by using a discounted cash flow model to calculate the present value of estimated future net servicing income. The assumptions used in the discounted cash flow model are those that the Company believes market participants would use in estimating future net servicing income, including estimates of loan prepayment rates, servicing costs, ancillary income, impound account balances, and discount rates. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s loan servicing rights are the constant prepayment rates and weighted average discount rate. Significant increases (decreases) in any of those inputs in isolation could result in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement. Although the constant prepayment rate and the discount rate are not directly interrelated, they will generally move in opposite directions. Loan servicing rights are classified as Level 3 measurements due to the use of significant unobservable inputs, as well as significant management judgment and estimation. Other real estate owned (foreclosed assets): Nonrecurring adjustments to certain commercial and residential real estate properties classified as other real estate owned are measured at the lower of carrying amount or fair value, less costs to sell. Fair values are generally based on third-party appraisals of the property, resulting in a Level 3 classification. The appraisals are sometimes further discounted based on management s historical knowledge, changes in market conditions from the time of valuation, and/or management s expertise and knowledge of the client and client s business. Such discounts are typically significant and result in a Level 3 classification of the inputs for determining fair value. In cases where the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, less costs to sell, an impairment loss is recognized. Commitments to extend credit and letters of credit: Commitments to extend credit and fund letters of credit are principally at current interest rates, and, therefore, the carrying amount approximates fair value. The fair value of commitments is not material. (22.) FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued) Assets Measured at Fair Value 

- 

Mortgage-backed securities 

- 

- 

Other assets: 

Hedging derivative instruments 

- 

- 

Fair value adjusted through comprehensive income 

- 

- 

Other assets: 

Derivative instruments interest rate products 

- 

- 

Derivative instruments mortgage banking 

- 

- 

Other liabilities: 

Derivative instruments interest rate products 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Derivative instruments mortgage banking 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Fair value adjusted through net income 

- 

- 

Measured on a nonrecurring basis: 

Loans: 

Loans held for sale 

- 

- 

Collateral dependent loans 

- 

Other assets: 

Long-lived assets held for sale 

- 

Loan servicing rights 

- 

- 

Other real estate owned 

- 

- 

Total 

- 

There were transfers between Levels 1 and 2 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . There were liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. (22.) FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued) 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets or Liabilities (Level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

Total 

2021 

Measured on a recurring basis: 

Securities available for sale: 

U.S. Government agencies and government sponsored enterprises 

- 

- 

Mortgage-backed securities 

- 

- 

Other assets: 

Hedging derivative instruments 

- 

- 

Fair value adjusted through comprehensive income 

- 

- 

Other assets: 

Derivative instruments interest rate products 

- 

- 

Derivative instruments credit contracts 

- 

- 

Derivative instruments mortgage banking 

- 

- 

Other liabilities: 

Derivative instruments interest rate products 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Derivative instruments credit contracts 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Derivative instruments mortgage banking 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Fair value adjusted through net income 

- 

- 

Measured on a nonrecurring basis: 

Loans: 

Loans held for sale 

- 

- 

Collateral dependent loans 

- 

Other assets: 

Long-lived assets held for sale 

- 

- 

Loan servicing rights 

- 

- 

Other real estate owned 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

- 

There were transfers between Levels 1 and 2 during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 . There were liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 . 

Appraisal of collateral (1) 
 
 Appraisal adjustments (2) 
 
 (3) / - 

Loan servicing rights 

Discounted cash flow 
 
 Discount rate 
 
 (3) 

Constant prepayment rate 
 
 (3) 

Long-lived assets held for sale 

Appraisal of collateral (1) 
 
 Appraisal adjustments (2) 
 
 - 

Other real estate owned 

Appraisal of collateral (1) 
 
 Appraisal adjustments (2) 

(1) 

 (2) 

 (3) 

(22.) FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued) Changes in Level 3 Fair Value Measurements There were assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) as of or during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments The assumptions used below are expected to approximate those that market participants would use in valuing these financial instruments. Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on available market information and judgments about the financial instrument, including estimates of timing, amount of expected future cash flows and the credit standing of the issuer. Such estimates do not consider the tax impact of the realization of unrealized gains or losses. In some cases, the fair value estimates cannot be substantiated by comparison to independent markets. In addition, the disclosed fair value may not be realized in the immediate settlement of the financial instrument. Care should be exercised in deriving conclusions about our business, its value or financial position based on the fair value information of financial instruments presented below. The estimated fair value approximates carrying value for cash and cash equivalents, FHLB and FRB stock, accrued interest receivable, non-maturity deposits, short-term borrowings and accrued interest payable. Fair value estimates for other financial instruments not included elsewhere in this disclosure are discussed below. Securities held to maturity: The fair value of the Company s investment securities held to maturity is primarily measured using information from a third-party pricing service. The fair value measurements consider observable data that may include dealer quotes, market spreads, cash flows, the U.S. Treasury yield curve, live trading levels, trade execution data, market consensus prepayment speeds, credit information and the bond s terms and conditions, among other things. Loans: The fair value of the Company s loans was estimated by discounting the expected future cash flows using the current interest rates at which similar loans would be made for the same remaining maturities. Loans were first segregated by type such as commercial, residential mortgage, and consumer, and were then further segmented into fixed and variable rate and loan quality categories. Expected future cash flows were projected based on contractual cash flows, adjusted for estimated prepayments. Time deposits: The fair value of time deposits was estimated using a discounted cash flow approach that applies prevailing market interest rates for similar maturity instruments. The fair values of the Company s time deposit liabilities do not take into consideration the value of the Company s long-term relationships with depositors, which may have significant value. Long-term borrowings: Long-term borrowings consist of 75 million of subordinated notes. The subordinated notes are publicly traded and are valued based on market prices, which are characterized as Level 2 liabilities in the fair value hierarchy. (22.) FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued) 

Securities available for sale 
 
 Level 2 

Securities held to maturity, net 
 
 Level 2 

Loans held for sale 
 
 Level 2 

Loans 
 
 Level 2 

Loans 
 
 Level 3 

Long-lived assets held for sale 
 
 Level 3 

Accrued interest receivable 
 
 Level 1 

Derivative instruments cash flow hedge 
 
 Level 2 

Derivative instruments interest rate products 
 
 Level 2 

Derivative instruments mortgage banking 
 
 Level 2 

FHLB and FRB stock 
 
 Level 2 

Financial liabilities: 

Non-maturity deposits 
 
 Level 1 

Time deposits 
 
 Level 2 

Short-term borrowings 
 
 Level 1 

Long-term borrowings 
 
 Level 2 

Accrued interest payable 
 
 Level 1 

Derivative instruments interest rate products 
 
 Level 2 

Derivative instruments credit contracts 
 
 Level 2 

Derivative instruments mortgage banking 
 
 Level 2 

(1) 

- 128 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Investment in and receivables due from subsidiary 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and shareholders equity: 

Long-term borrowings, net of issuance costs of and , respectively 

Other liabilities 

Shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

Management and service fees from subsidiaries 

Other (loss) income 

() 

Total income 

Interest expense 

Operating expenses 

Total expense 

Income before income tax benefit and equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiary 

Income tax benefit 

Income before equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiary 

Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiary 

Net income 

(23.) PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Continued) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiary 

() 

() 

() 

Depreciation and amortization 

Share-based compensation 

Decrease in other assets 

() 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease) in other liabilities 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Capital investment in subsidiaries 

() 

() 

Purchase of premises and equipment 

() 

Net cash paid for acquisition 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Issuance of long-term debt, net of issuance costs 

Purchase of preferred and common shares 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of preferred and common shares 

() 

Dividends paid 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

() 

() 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents as of beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents as of end of the year 

reportable segment, Banking, which includes all of the Company s retail and commercial banking operations. This reportable segment has been identified and organized based on the nature of the underlying products and services applicable to the segment, the type of customers to whom those products and services are offered and the distribution channel through which those products and services are made available. All other segments that do not meet the quantitative threshold for separate reporting have been grouped as All Other. This All Other grouping includes the activities of SDN, a full service insurance agency that provides a broad range of insurance services to both personal and business clients, Courier Capital and HNP Capital, our investment advisor and wealth management firms that provide customized investment management, investment consulting and retirement plan services to individuals, businesses, institutions, foundations and retirement plans, CHIL, which oversees the Company s BaaS and FinTech relationships, and Holding Company amounts, which are the primary differences between segment amounts and consolidated totals, along with amounts to eliminate balances and transactions between segments. 

Other intangible assets, net 

Total assets 

December 31, 2021 

Goodwill 

Other intangible assets, net 

Total assets 

() 

Provision for credit losses - loans 

() 

- 

() 

Noninterest income 

Noninterest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

() 

Income tax (expense) benefit 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

Net interest income (expense) 

() 

Benefit for credit losses - loans 

- 

Noninterest income 

Noninterest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

() 

Income tax (expense) benefit 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Year ended December 31, 2020 

Net interest income (expense) 

() 

Provision for credit losses - loans 

() 

- 

() 

Noninterest income 

Noninterest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

() 

Income tax (expense) benefit 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

(1) 

- 131 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTRO LS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b), as adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ). Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Disclosure controls and procedures are the controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting and Attestation Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Management assessed the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting. Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting is included under Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in Part II of this Form 10-K. 
 RSM US LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 which are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and has issued a report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm that attests the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting is included under Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in Part II of this Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTH ER INFORMATION 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 - 132 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OF FICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 In response to this Item, the information set forth in the Company s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed within 120 days following the end of the Company s fiscal year, under the headings Proposal 1 - Election of Directors, Business Experience and Qualification of Directors, Our Executive Officers and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Information concerning the Company s Audit Committee and the Audit Committee s financial expert is set forth under the caption Committees of the Board in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Information concerning the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is set forth under the caption ESG and Corporate Responsibility in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTI VE COMPENSATION 
 
 In response to this Item, the information set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the headings Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Executive Compensation Tables, Management Development Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, Director Compensation, and Management Development Compensation Committee Report is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL O WNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 In response to this Item, the information set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the heading Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2022, information about our equity compensation plans that have been approved by our shareholders, including the number of shares of our common stock exercisable under all outstanding options, warrants and rights, the weighted average exercise price of all outstanding options, warrants and rights and the number of shares available for future issuance under our equity compensation plans. We have no equity compensation plans that have not been approved by our shareholders. 

Number of securities 

Weighted average 

remaining for future 

Number of securities to 

exercise price 

issuance under equity 

be issued upon exercise 

of outstanding 

compensation plans 

of outstanding options, 

options, warrants 

(excluding securities 

warrants and rights 

and rights 

reflected in column (a)) 

Plan Category 
 
 (a) 

(b) (1) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders 

248,731 

- 

678,670 

Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders 

- 

- 

- 

(1) Comprised of restricted stock units granted under our 2015 Plan. See Note 18, Share-Based Compensation, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. All restricted stock units are excluded from the weighted average exercise price column. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATE D TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 In response to this Item, the information set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the headings Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Director Independence and Qualifications is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOU NTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 In response to this Item, the information set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the heading Proposal 3 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm is incorporated herein by reference. 
 - 133 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND F INANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Reference is made to the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements of Financial Institutions, Inc. and subsidiaries under Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (b) EXHIBITS 

The following is a list of all exhibits filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Report. 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Location 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 3.1 , 3.2 and 3.3 of the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, dated March 12, 2009 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Financial Institutions, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Form 8-K, dated June 25, 2019 

4.1 
 
 Subordinated Indenture, dated as of April 15, 2015, between Financial Institutions, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Form 8-K, dated April 15, 2015 

4.2 
 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 15, 2015, between Financial Institutions, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Form 8-K, dated April 15, 2015 

4.3 
 
 Form of Global Note to represent the 6.00 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due April 15, 2030 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A of Exhibit 4.2 of the Form 8-K, dated April 15, 2015 

4.4 
 
 Subordinated Indenture, dated as of October 7, 2020, between Financial Institutions, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Form 8-K, dated October 7, 2020. 

4.5 
 
 Form of 4.375 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Note due October 15, 2030 
 
 Included in Exhibit 4.4. 

4.6 
 
 Description of the Company s Securities 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, dated March 4, 2020. 

10.1 
 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Agreement between Financial Institutions, Inc. and Peter G. Humphrey 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2012, dated November 6, 2012 

10.2 
 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Agreement between Financial Institutions, Inc. and Richard J. Harrison 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2014, dated August 5, 2014 

10.3 
 
 Financial Institutions, Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2021, dated August 9, 2021 

10.4 
 
 Form of Director Annual Restricted Stock Award Agreement Pursuant to the Financial Institutions, Inc. 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 
 Filed Herewith 

10.5 
 
 Form of Director In Lieu of Cash Fees Stock Award Agreement Pursuant to the Financial Institutions, Inc. 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2015, dated August 5, 2015 

10.6 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement Pursuant to the Financial Institutions, Inc. 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 
 Filed Herewith 

10.7 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement Pursuant to the Financial Institutions, Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 
 Filed Herewith 

10.8 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement 
 
 Filed Herewith 

10.9 
 
 Amended and Restated Executive Agreement, dated May 3, 2017, by and between Financial Institutions, Inc. and Martin K. Birmingham 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K, dated May 4, 2017 

10.10 
 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Agreement between Financial Institutions, Inc. and Kevin B. Klotzbach dated June 26, 2018 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2018, dated August 8, 2018 

- 134 - 
 
 Table of Contents 

10.11 
 
 Form of Executive Agreement 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, dated March 15, 2021 

10.12 
 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement Pursuant to the Financial Institutions, Inc. 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2021, dated May 10, 2021 

10.13 
 
 Financial Institutions, Inc. Executive Incentive Plan, effective as of January 1, 2021 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, dated March 10, 2022 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries of Financial Institutions, Inc. 
 
 Filed Herewith 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, RSM US LLP 
 
 Filed Herewith 

31.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 - Principal Executive Officer 
 
 Filed Herewith 

31.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 - Principal Financial Officer 
 
 Filed Herewith 

32 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed Herewith 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

All material agreements consist of management contracts, compensatory plans or arrangements. 
 
 ITEM 16. FOR M 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 - 135 - 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 SIGNAT URES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, INC. 

March 9, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Martin K. Birmingham 

Martin K. Birmingham 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signatures 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Martin K. Birmingham 
 
 Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Martin K. Birmingham 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ W. Jack Plants, II 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 March 9, 2023 

W. Jack Plants, II 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Sonia M. Dumbleton 
 
 Senior Vice President and Controller 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Sonia M. Dumbleton 
 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Donald K. Boswell 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Donald K. Boswell 

/s/ Dawn H. Burlew 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Dawn H. Burlew 

/s/ Andrew W. Dorn, Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Andrew W. Dorn, Jr. 

/s/ Robert M. Glaser 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Robert M. Glaser 

/s/ Samuel M. Gullo 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Samuel M. Gullo 

/s/ Bruce W. Harting 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Bruce W. Harting 

/s/ Susan R. Holliday 
 
 Director, Chair 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Susan R. Holliday 

/s/ Robert N. Latella 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Robert N. Latella 

/s/ Mauricio F. Riveros 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Mauricio F. Riveros 

/s/ Kim E. VanGelder 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Kim E. VanGelder 

/s/ Mark A. Zupan 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Mark A. Zupan 

- 136 - 

<EX-10>
 2
 fisi-ex10_4.htm
 EX-10.4

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.4 
 DIRECTOR ANNUAL RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT 
 Pursuant to the 
 FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, INC. 
 2015 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 

Name of Director: 

Date of Grant: 

Number of Shares: 

Vesting Schedule: 
 
 The Vested Percentage of the Number of Shares set forth above shall be determined as of the following Vesting Date(s): 

Vesting Date Date of Grant The day prior to the Company s first annual meeting of shareholders following the Date of Grant 
 
 Vested Percentage 50 Remaining 50 

This RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of [DATE], is made between Financial Institutions, Inc. (the Company and the above-named individual (the Director to record the grant to the Director of a Restricted Stock Award (the Award on the Date of Grant set forth above pursuant to Section 6.4 of the Financial Institutions, Inc. 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ). Capitalized terms not defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning given to such terms under the Plan. 
 The Company and the Director hereby agree as follows: 
 Section 1.	Grant of Shares . The Company hereby grants to the Director, as of the Date of Grant, subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, a Restricted Stock Award for the Number of Shares set forth above (the Shares ). 
 Section 2.	Vesting of Shares . Subject to Section 3 below, provided that the Director provides continuous services as a director of the Company through the Vesting Date(s) set forth above, ownership of the Shares shall vest pursuant to the Vesting Schedule set forth above. If the Director ceases to be a director of the Company for any reason before the Shares vest, the Shares shall be immediately forfeited to the Company. 
 Section 3.	Change in Control . Subject to the terms of the Plan, if prior to the latest of the Vesting Dates set forth above there is a Change in Control, then all of the Director s unvested Shares that have not been forfeited shall fully vest as of the date of the Change in Control except to the extent that a Replacement Award is provided to the Director to replace the unvested Shares. Upon the Director s Involuntary Termination, during the period of two (2) years immediately following a Change in Control, any Replacement Award held by the Director will become fully vested and, if applicable, free of restrictions. 
 Section 4.	Dividends . Notwithstanding Section 6.4(d) of the Plan, no dividends shall accrue or be paid to the Director with respect to any Shares subject to the Award that have not become vested Shares or that are subject to any restrictions or conditions on the record date for dividend. 
 Section 5.	Rights as Shareholder . Except for the transfer and other restrictions set forth elsewhere in this Agreement (including the limitations on dividends set forth in Section 4 above) and in the Plan, the Director, as record holder of the Shares, shall possess all the rights of a holder of the Company s Common Stock (including voting); provided, however, that prior to becoming vested and transferable the certificates representing such Shares shall be 

held by the Company for the benefit of the Director. As the Shares become vested Shares, the Company shall, as applicable, either remove the notations on any Shares issued in book entry form which have vested or deliver to the Director a certificate or certificates evidencing the number of vested Shares. As noted above, the Director shall not receive any dividends on unvested Shares, and such dividends shall be permanently forfeited. 
 Section 6.	Legend . Each share certificate representing the Shares shall bear a legend indicating that such Shares are Restricted Stock and are subject to the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan. 
 Section 7.	No Transferability . The Shares may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, encumbered, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated until they become fully vested and transferable in accordance with Section 2 of this Agreement and then only to the extent permitted under this Agreement and the Plan and by applicable securities laws. Prior to full vesting and transferability, all rights with respect to the Shares granted to a Director under the Plan shall be available, during such Director s lifetime, only to such Director, or in the event of the Disability of the Director, by the Director or the legal representative of the Director, or in the event of the death of the Director, by the legal representative of the Director s estate, or if no legal representative has been appointed by the successor in interest determined under the Director s will. 
 Section 8	Stock Power . Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, the Director shall deliver to the Company a stock power, endorsed in blank, relating to the Shares. Such stock power shall be in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. The stock power with respect to any certificate representing Shares that do not vest shall be completed in the name of the Company by an officer of the Company, and the Shares shall be returned to either authorized but unissued shares or treasury shares, depending on their original source. 
 Section 9.	Adjustment of Shares . As provided by the Plan, in the event of any increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Common Stock resulting from a stock split, stock dividend, combination or exchange of shares, exchange for other securities, reclassification, reorganization, recapitalization, or any other increase or decrease in the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock effected without consideration to the Company, the specified number of Shares shall be proportionately adjusted to prevent dilution or enlargement of the rights granted to, or available for, the Director hereunder. 
 Section 10	 No Continued Service Rights . Nothing in the Plan or this Agreement confers upon the Director any right with respect to continuance as a director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or affects the right of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries may have to terminate the Director s position as a director at any time. 
 Section 11.	Coordination with Plan . The Director hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and agrees to be bound by all of the terms and provisions thereof including any that may conflict with those contained in this Agreement. 
 Section 12.	Notices . All notices to the Company shall be in writing and sent to the Company s Director of Human Resources at the Company s offices. Notices to the Director shall be addressed to the Director at the Director s address as it appears on the Company s records. 
 Section 13.	Amendment . The Company may alter, amend or terminate this Agreement only with the Director s consent, except as otherwise expressly provided by the Plan or this Agreement. 
 Section 14.	Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York to the extent not preempted by federal law, without reference to principles of conflict of laws, and construed accordingly. 
 Section 15.	Compensation Recovery Policy. Any Shares granted or issued under this Award Agreement shall be subject to potential cancellation, recoupment, rescission, payback, or other action in accordance with the terms of the Company s compensation recovery policy, if any, or any similar policy that the Company may adopt from time to time. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and the Director have caused this Agreement to be executed on the date set forth opposite their respective signatures, but effective as of the Date of Grant. 

Dated: 

FOR THE COMPANY: 

By: 

Name: 
 
 ________________________________ 

Title: 
 
 ________________________________ 

Dated: 

DIRECTOR: 

By: 

Name: 
 
 ________________________________ 

EXHIBIT A 
 STOCK POWER 
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned does hereby sell, assign and transfer to Financial Institutions, Inc. (the Company ), shares of the Company s common stock represented by Certificate No. _______ . The undersigned authorizes the Secretary of the Company to transfer the stock on the books of the Company in the event of the forfeiture of any shares issued under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement dated as of [DATE], between the Company and the undersigned. 

Dated: 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 3
 fisi-ex10_6.htm
 EX-10.6

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.6 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 Pursuant to the 
 FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, INC. 
 2015 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 

Name of Participant: 

Date of Grant: 

Number of Restricted Stock Units: 

Vested Restricted Stock Units and Vesting Schedule: 
 
 The Number of Restricted Stock Units set forth above shall become vested Restricted Stock Units in accordance with the terms of this Agreement as of the following Vesting Date(s): 

Vesting Date Third Anniversary of Date of Grant 
 
 Vested Restricted Stock Units 100 

This RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of [DATE], is made between Financial Institutions, Inc. (the Company and the above-named individual (the Participant to record the grant to the Participant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award (the Award on the Date of Grant set forth above pursuant to Section 6.5 of the Financial Institutions, Inc. 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ). Capitalized terms not defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning given to such terms under the Plan. 
 The Company and the Participant hereby agree as follows: 
 Section 1. Grant of Restricted Stock Units . The Company hereby grants to the Participant, as of the Date of Grant, subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, a Restricted Stock Unit Award for the Number of Restricted Stock Units set forth above (the Restricted Stock Units ). 
 Section 2. Vesting of Restricted Stock Units . Subject to Section 4 below, provided that the Participant provides substantial services and remains in continuous employment with the Company or a Subsidiary through the Vesting Date(s) set forth above, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest pursuant to the Vesting Schedule set forth above. Except as otherwise provided by Section 4 below, if the Participant ceases to provide substantial services or remain in continuous employment with the Company or a Subsidiary for any reason prior to the Vesting Date (or the latest of the Vesting Dates) set forth above, then all of the Participant s unvested Restricted Stock Units as of the date that the Participant ceases to provide substantial services or remain in continuous employment with the Company or a Subsidiary shall be immediately forfeited. 
 Section 3. Timing and Form of Payout . Except as otherwise provided by Section 4 below and subject to Section 8 below, within 90 days following a Vesting Date (a Payment Date ), the 

vested Restricted Stock Units shall be paid to the Participant by the Company delivering to the Participant a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of vested Restricted Stock Units as of the Payment Date. The Company may issue the shares of Common Stock either (a) in certificate form or (b) in book entry form, registered in the name of the Participant. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall have no obligation to issue shares of Common Stock in payment of the vested Restricted Stock Units unless such issuance and such payment shall comply with all relevant provisions of law and the requirements of any Stock Exchange on which the shares of Common Stock are traded. 
 Section 4. Effects of Certain Events . 
 (a)	 Change in Control . Subject to the terms of the Plan, if prior to the Vesting Date (or the latest of the Vesting Dates) set forth above there is a Change in Control: 
 (i)	if Replacement Awards are not provided to the Participant to replace unvested Restricted Stock Units, then all of the Participant s unvested Restricted Stock Units that have not been forfeited shall fully vest as of the date of the Change in Control. If the Change in Control qualifies as a change in control for purposes of Code Section 409A, then subject to Section 8 below, such vested Restricted Stock Units shall be paid to the Participant within 90 days following the Change in Control. Otherwise, such vested Restricted Stock Units shall be paid at the time specified under Section 3 above. 
 (ii)	if Replacement Awards are provided to the Participant to replace unvested Restricted Stock Units, then in the event of the Participant s Involuntary Termination during the period of two (2) years immediately following the Change in Control, all of such Replacement Awards shall fully vest as of the date of the Involuntary Termination, and subject to Section 8 below, shall be paid to the Participant within 90 days following the Involuntary Termination. 
 (b)	 Death or Disability . If prior to the Vesting Date (or the latest of the Vesting Dates) set forth above, the Participant s employment with the Company or a Subsidiary terminates due to death or Disability, then all of the Participant s unvested Restricted Stock Units shall fully vest as of the date of the Participant s death or Disability, and subject to Section 8 below, shall be paid to the Participant or the Participant s legal representative in the event of the Disability of the Participant, or in the event of the death of the Participant, to the legal representative of the Participant s estate, or if no legal representative has been appointed, to the successor in interest determined under the Participant s will, within 90 days following the Participant s termination of employment due to death or Disability. 
 Section 5. Dividend Equivalents . No dividend equivalents shall accrue or be paid to the Participant with respect to any Restricted Stock Units. 
 Section 6. Rights as Shareholder . In addition to the transfer and other restrictions set forth elsewhere in this Agreement and in the Plan, the Participant, as holder of the Restricted Stock Units, shall not possess any rights of a holder of Common Stock (including voting and dividend rights) with respect to the shares of Common Stock underlying such Restricted Stock Unit Award until such time as the Restricted Stock Unit Award vests, is paid and the shares of Common Stock are issued to the holder of the Restricted Stock Unit Award. 

Section 7. No Transferability . The Restricted Stock Units may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, encumbered, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Vested Restricted Stock Units shall be payable only to the Participant during the Participant s lifetime, or in the event of the Disability of the Participant, to the Participant or the legal representative of the Participant, or in the event of the death of the Participant, to the legal representative of the Participant s estate, or if no legal representative has been appointed to the successor in interest determined under the Participant s will. 
 Section 8. Withholding Taxes . As a condition of and prior to the payout of any Restricted Stock Units, the Company shall be entitled to require the Participant to remit to the Company an amount sufficient to satisfy the amount of any federal, state, or local taxes required to be withheld with respect to the vesting and payout of the vested Restricted Stock Units, or any other taxable event related thereto. The Committee may permit the Participant to make such payment in any form or manner authorized by the Committee in its sole discretion, including, but not limited to one or more of the forms specified below: 
 (a) U.S. dollars by personal check, bank draft, or money order payable to the Company, by money transfer or direct account debits; 

(b) Delivery to the Company of a number of shares of Common Stock having an aggregate fair market value of not less than the minimum tax withholding required for the Award; 

(c) Involvement of a stockbroker in accordance with the federal margin rules set forth in Regulation T; 

(d) A cashless exercise if and to the extent permissible by applicable law; or 

(e) Any combination of the above forms and methods. 

In the event the Participant fails to provide timely payment of all sums required by the Company pursuant to this Section 8, the Company shall have the right and option, but not obligation, to treat such failure as an election by the Participant to provide all or any portion of such required payment by means of tendering vested shares of Common Stock. 
 Section 9. Adjustment . As provided by the Plan, in the event of any increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Common Stock resulting from a stock split, stock dividend, combination or exchange of shares, exchange for other securities, reclassification, reorganization, recapitalization, or any other increase or decrease in the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock effected without consideration to the Company, the specified number of Restricted Stock Units shall be proportionately adjusted to prevent dilution or enlargement of the rights granted to, or available for, the Participant hereunder. 
 Section 10. No Employment Rights . Nothing in the Plan or this Agreement confers upon the Participant any right with respect to continuance of employment by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or affects the right of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries may have to terminate the Participant s employment at any time. 
 Section 11. Coordination with Plan . The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and agrees to be bound by all of the terms and provisions thereof including any that may conflict with those contained in this Agreement. 

Section 12. Notices . All notices to the Company shall be in writing and sent to the Company s Director of Human Resources at the Company s offices. Notices to the Participant shall be addressed to the Participant at the Participant s address as it appears on the Company s records. 
 Section 13. Amendment . The Company may alter, amend or terminate this Agreement only with the Participant s consent, except as otherwise expressly provided by the Plan or this Agreement. 
 Section 14. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York to the extent not preempted by federal law, without reference to principles of conflict of laws, and construed accordingly. 
 Section 15. Compensation Recovery Policy . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, any Restricted Stock Units granted and/or shares of Common Stock issued hereunder, and/or any amount received with respect to any sale of any such shares of Common Stock, shall be subject to potential cancellation, recoupment, rescission, payback or other action in accordance with the terms of the Company s compensation recovery policy, if any, or any similar policy that the Company may adopt from time to time (the Policy ). The Participant agrees and consents to the Company s application, implementation and enforcement of (i) the Policy that may apply to the Participant and (ii) any provision of applicable law relating to cancellation, rescission, payback or recoupment of compensation, including, but not limited to Section 10D of the Exchange Act, and expressly agrees that the Company may take such actions as are necessary to effectuate the Policy or applicable law without further consent or action being required by the Participant. To the extent that the terms of this Agreement and the Policy or any similar policy conflict, then the terms of such policy shall prevail. 
 Section 16. Excise Tax Cap . In the event that a Participant becomes entitled to any payment or benefit under this Agreement (such benefits together with any other payments or benefits payable to the Participant under any other agreement with the Participant, or plan or policy of the Company, are referred to in the aggregate as the Total Payments ), if all or any part of the Total Payments will be subject to the tax imposed by Code Section 4999, or any similar tax that may hereafter be imposed (the Excise Tax ), then: 
 (a)	Within 30 days following an event entitling the Participant to a payment under this Agreement, the Company will notify the Participant in writing: (1) whether the payments and benefits under this Agreement, when added to any other payments and benefits making up the Total Payments, exceed an amount equal to 299 of the Participant s base amount as defined in Code Section 280G(b)(3) (the 299 Amount ); and (2) the amount that is equal to the 299 Amount. 
 (b)	The payments and benefits under this Agreement shall be reduced such that the Total Payments do not exceed the 299 Amount, so that no portion of the payments and benefits under this Agreement will be subject to the Excise Tax. Any payment or benefit so reduced will be permanently forfeited and will not be paid to the Participant. 
 (c)	The calculation of the 299 Amount and the determination of how much the Participant s payments and benefits must be reduced in order to avoid application of the Excise Tax will be made by the Company s public accounting firm prior to the Participant s termination of employment, which firm must be reasonably acceptable to the Participant (the Accounting Firm ). The Company will cause the Accounting Firm 

to provide detailed supporting calculations of its determinations to the Company and the Participant. Notice must be given to the Accounting Firm within 15 business days after an event entitling the Participant to a payment under this Agreement. All fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm will be borne solely by the Company. 
 (d)	For purposes of making the reduction of amounts payable under this Agreement, such amounts will be eliminated in compliance with the requirements of Code Section 409A, to the extent applicable. 
 Section 17. Section 409A . This Agreement and the Restricted Stock Units hereunder are intended to comply with Code Section 409A, and this Agreement shall be administered and interpreted consistent with such intention. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations to the Participant regarding the taxation of the Restricted Stock Units under this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the tax effects of Code Section 409A, and the Participant shall be solely responsible for the taxes imposed upon him or her with respect to the Restricted Stock Units. References to termination of employment and similar terms used in this Agreement mean, to the extent necessary to comply with Code Section 409A, the date that the Participant first incurs a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if at the time of the Participant s separation from service, the Participant is a specified employee for purposes of Code Section 409A, and payment under this Agreement as a result of such separation from service is required by Code Section 409A to be delayed by six months, then the Company shall make such payment on the day following the six-month anniversary of the Participant s separation from service to the extent required to comply with Code Section 409A. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and the Participant have caused this Agreement to be executed on the date set forth opposite their respective signatures, but effective as of the Date of Grant. 
 Dated: ______________________			For the Company: 
 							By:	______________________	 
 							Name:	______________________	 
 							Title:	______________________ 
 Dated: ______________________			PARTICIPANT: 
 							By:	______________________ 
 							Name:	______________________ 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 4
 fisi-ex10_7.htm
 EX-10.7

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.7 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 Pursuant to the 
 FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, INC. 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 2015 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 

Name of Participant: 

Date of Grant: 

Number of Restricted Stock Units: 

Vested Restricted Stock Units and Vesting Schedule: 
 
 The Number of Restricted Stock Units set forth above shall become vested Restricted Stock Units in accordance with the terms of this Agreement as of the following Vesting Date(s): 

Vesting Date Third Anniversary of Date of Grant 
 
 Vested Restricted Stock Units 100 

This RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of [DATE], is made between Financial Institutions, Inc. (the Company and the above-named individual (the Participant to record the grant to the Participant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award (the Award on the Date of Grant set forth above pursuant to Section 6.5 of the Financial Institutions, Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ). Capitalized terms not defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning given to such terms under the Plan. 
 The Company and the Participant hereby agree as follows: 
 Section 1. Grant of Restricted Stock Units . The Company hereby grants to the Participant, as of the Date of Grant, subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, a Restricted Stock Unit Award for the Number of Restricted Stock Units set forth above (the Restricted Stock Units ). 
 Section 2. Vesting of Restricted Stock Units . Subject to Section 4 below, provided that the Participant provides substantial services and remains in continuous employment with the Company or a Subsidiary through the Vesting Date(s) set forth above, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest pursuant to the Vesting Schedule set forth above. Except as otherwise provided by Section 4 below, if the Participant ceases to provide substantial services or remain in continuous employment with the Company or a Subsidiary for any reason prior to the Vesting Date (or the latest of the Vesting Dates) set forth above, then all of the Participant s unvested Restricted Stock Units as of the date that the Participant ceases to provide substantial services or remain in continuous employment with the Company or a Subsidiary shall be immediately forfeited. 
 Section 3. Timing and Form of Payout . Except as otherwise provided by Section 4 below and subject to Section 8 below, within 90 days following a Vesting Date (a Payment Date ), the 

vested Restricted Stock Units shall be paid to the Participant by the Company delivering to the Participant a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of vested Restricted Stock Units as of the Payment Date. The Company may issue the shares of Common Stock either (a) in certificate form or (b) in book entry form, registered in the name of the Participant. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall have no obligation to issue shares of Common Stock in payment of the vested Restricted Stock Units unless such issuance and such payment shall comply with all relevant provisions of law and the requirements of any Stock Exchange on which the shares of Common Stock are traded. 
 Section 4. Effects of Certain Events . 
 (a)	 Change in Control . Subject to the terms of the Plan, if prior to the Vesting Date (or the latest of the Vesting Dates) set forth above there is a Change in Control: 
 (i)	if Replacement Awards are not provided to the Participant to replace unvested Restricted Stock Units, then all of the Participant s unvested Restricted Stock Units that have not been forfeited shall fully vest as of the date of the Change in Control. If the Change in Control qualifies as a change in control for purposes of Code Section 409A, then subject to Section 8 below, such vested Restricted Stock Units shall be paid to the Participant within 90 days following the Change in Control. Otherwise, such vested Restricted Stock Units shall be paid at the time specified under Section 3 above. 
 (ii)	if Replacement Awards are provided to the Participant to replace unvested Restricted Stock Units, then in the event of the Participant s Involuntary Termination during the period of two (2) years immediately following the Change in Control, all of such Replacement Awards shall fully vest as of the date of the Involuntary Termination, and subject to Section 8 below, shall be paid to the Participant within 90 days following the Involuntary Termination. 
 (b)	 Death or Disability . If prior to the Vesting Date (or the latest of the Vesting Dates) set forth above, the Participant s employment with the Company or a Subsidiary terminates due to death or Disability, then all of the Participant s unvested Restricted Stock Units shall fully vest as of the date of the Participant s death or Disability, and subject to Section 8 below, shall be paid to the Participant or the Participant s legal representative in the event of the Disability of the Participant, or in the event of the death of the Participant, to the legal representative of the Participant s estate, or if no legal representative has been appointed, to the successor in interest determined under the Participant s will, within 90 days following the Participant s termination of employment due to death or Disability. 
 Section 5. Dividend Equivalents . No dividend equivalents shall accrue or be paid to the Participant with respect to any Restricted Stock Units. 
 Section 6. Rights as Shareholder . In addition to the transfer and other restrictions set forth elsewhere in this Agreement and in the Plan, the Participant, as holder of the Restricted Stock Units, shall not possess any rights of a holder of Common Stock (including voting and dividend rights) with respect to the shares of Common Stock underlying such Restricted Stock Unit Award until such time as the Restricted Stock Unit Award vests, is paid and the shares of Common Stock are issued to the holder of the Restricted Stock Unit Award. 

Section 7. No Transferability . The Restricted Stock Units may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, encumbered, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Vested Restricted Stock Units shall be payable only to the Participant during the Participant s lifetime, or in the event of the Disability of the Participant, to the Participant or the legal representative of the Participant, or in the event of the death of the Participant, to the legal representative of the Participant s estate, or if no legal representative has been appointed to the successor in interest determined under the Participant s will. 
 Section 8. Withholding Taxes . As a condition of and prior to the payout of any Restricted Stock Units, the Company shall be entitled to require the Participant to remit to the Company an amount sufficient to satisfy the amount of any federal, state, or local taxes required to be withheld with respect to the vesting and payout of the vested Restricted Stock Units, or any other taxable event related thereto. The Committee may permit the Participant to make such payment in any form or manner authorized by the Committee in its sole discretion, including, but not limited to one or more of the forms specified below: 
 (a) U.S. dollars by personal check, bank draft, or money order payable to the Company, by money transfer or direct account debits; 

(b) Delivery to the Company of a number of shares of Common Stock having an aggregate fair market value of not less than the minimum tax withholding required for the Award; 

(c) Involvement of a stockbroker in accordance with the federal margin rules set forth in Regulation T; 

(d) A cashless exercise if and to the extent permissible by applicable law; or 

(e) Any combination of the above forms and methods. 

In the event the Participant fails to provide timely payment of all sums required by the Company pursuant to this Section 8, the Company shall have the right and option, but not obligation, to treat such failure as an election by the Participant to provide all or any portion of such required payment by means of tendering vested shares of Common Stock. 
 Section 9. Adjustment . As provided by the Plan, in the event of any increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Common Stock resulting from a stock split, stock dividend, combination or exchange of shares, exchange for other securities, reclassification, reorganization, recapitalization, or any other increase or decrease in the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock effected without consideration to the Company, the specified number of Restricted Stock Units shall be proportionately adjusted to prevent dilution or enlargement of the rights granted to, or available for, the Participant hereunder. 
 Section 10. No Employment Rights . Nothing in the Plan or this Agreement confers upon the Participant any right with respect to continuance of employment by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or affects the right of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries may have to terminate the Participant s employment at any time. 
 Section 11. Coordination with Plan . The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and agrees to be bound by all of the terms and provisions thereof including any that may conflict with those contained in this Agreement. 

Section 12. Notices . All notices to the Company shall be in writing and sent to the Company s Director of Human Resources at the Company s offices. Notices to the Participant shall be addressed to the Participant at the Participant s address as it appears on the Company s records. 
 Section 13. Amendment . The Company may alter, amend or terminate this Agreement only with the Participant s consent, except as otherwise expressly provided by the Plan or this Agreement. 
 Section 14. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York to the extent not preempted by federal law, without reference to principles of conflict of laws, and construed accordingly. 
 Section 15. Compensation Recovery Policy . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, any Restricted Stock Units granted and/or shares of Common Stock issued hereunder, and/or any amount received with respect to any sale of any such shares of Common Stock, shall be subject to potential cancellation, recoupment, rescission, payback or other action in accordance with the terms of the Company s compensation recovery policy, if any, or any similar policy that the Company may adopt from time to time (the Policy ). The Participant agrees and consents to the Company s application, implementation and enforcement of (i) the Policy that may apply to the Participant and (ii) any provision of applicable law relating to cancellation, rescission, payback or recoupment of compensation, including, but not limited to Section 10D of the Exchange Act, and expressly agrees that the Company may take such actions as are necessary to effectuate the Policy or applicable law without further consent or action being required by the Participant. To the extent that the terms of this Agreement and the Policy or any similar policy conflict, then the terms of such policy shall prevail. 
 Section 16. Excise Tax Cap . In the event that a Participant becomes entitled to any payment or benefit under this Agreement (such benefits together with any other payments or benefits payable to the Participant under any other agreement with the Participant, or plan or policy of the Company, are referred to in the aggregate as the Total Payments ), if all or any part of the Total Payments will be subject to the tax imposed by Code Section 4999, or any similar tax that may hereafter be imposed (the Excise Tax ), then: 
 (a)	Within 30 days following an event entitling the Participant to a payment under this Agreement, the Company will notify the Participant in writing: (1) whether the payments and benefits under this Agreement, when added to any other payments and benefits making up the Total Payments, exceed an amount equal to 299 of the Participant s base amount as defined in Code Section 280G(b)(3) (the 299 Amount ); and (2) the amount that is equal to the 299 Amount. 
 (b)	The payments and benefits under this Agreement shall be reduced such that the Total Payments do not exceed the 299 Amount, so that no portion of the payments and benefits under this Agreement will be subject to the Excise Tax. Any payment or benefit so reduced will be permanently forfeited and will not be paid to the Participant. 
 (c)	The calculation of the 299 Amount and the determination of how much the Participant s payments and benefits must be reduced in order to avoid application of the Excise Tax will be made by the Company s public accounting firm prior to the Participant s termination of employment, which firm must be reasonably acceptable to the Participant (the Accounting Firm ). The Company will cause the Accounting Firm to provide detailed supporting calculations of its determinations to the Company and 

the Participant. Notice must be given to the Accounting Firm within 15 business days after an event entitling the Participant to a payment under this Agreement. All fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm will be borne solely by the Company. 
 (d)	For purposes of making the reduction of amounts payable under this Agreement, such amounts will be eliminated in compliance with the requirements of Code Section 409A, to the extent applicable. 
 Section 17. Section 409A . This Agreement and the Restricted Stock Units hereunder are intended to comply with Code Section 409A, and this Agreement shall be administered and interpreted consistent with such intention. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations to the Participant regarding the taxation of the Restricted Stock Units under this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the tax effects of Code Section 409A, and the Participant shall be solely responsible for the taxes imposed upon him or her with respect to the Restricted Stock Units. References to termination of employment and similar terms used in this Agreement mean, to the extent necessary to comply with Code Section 409A, the date that the Participant first incurs a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if at the time of the Participant s separation from service, the Participant is a specified employee for purposes of Code Section 409A, and payment under this Agreement as a result of such separation from service is required by Code Section 409A to be delayed by six months, then the Company shall make such payment on the day following the six-month anniversary of the Participant s separation from service to the extent required to comply with Code Section 409A. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and the Participant have caused this Agreement to be executed on the date set forth opposite their respective signatures, but effective as of the Date of Grant. 
 Dated: ______________________			For the Company: 
 							By:	_________________________ 
 							Name:	_________________________ 
 							Title:	_________________________ 
 Dated: ______________________			PARTICIPANT: 
 							By:	_________________________ 
 							Name:	_________________________ 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 5
 fisi-ex10_8.htm
 EX-10.8

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.8 
 INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT 
 THIS AGREEMENT, dated as of _________, 20__, is by and between Financial Institutions, Inc., a New York corporation (the Company ), and [ ] (the Indemnitee )(collectively the Parties ). 
 WHEREAS, it is essential that the Company be able to retain and attract as directors and officers the most capable persons available; 
 WHEREAS, the Company desires to have the Indemnitee serve or continue to serve as a director and/or officer of the Company; 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the Indemnitee recognize the increased risk of litigation and other claims being asserted against directors and officers of companies in today s environment; 
 WHEREAS, the Company and Indemnitee recognize that the interpretation of ambiguous statutes, regulations and court opinions, and of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws of the Company, and the vagaries of public policy, are too uncertain to provide the directors and/or officers of the Company with adequate or reliable advance knowledge or guidance with respect to the legal risks and potential liabilities to which they may become personally exposed as a result of performing their duties in good faith for the Company; WHEREAS, the Company does not want capable persons available to serve as directors and/or offices of the Company to be dissuaded from serving in such roles due to (i) the increased corporate litigation that has subjected directors and/or officers of public companies to litigation risks and expenses, and (ii) the limitations on the availability of directors and officers liability insurance; 
 WHEREAS, the Company has determined that its preserving its ability to retain and attract as directors and officers the most capable persons available is in the best interests of the Company; 
 WHEREAS, the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws provide for the Company to indemnify its current and former directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by the Business Corporation Law of the State of New York NYBCL ); 
 WHEREAS, the indemnification provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws are not exclusive and the Company may enter into contracts with directors and officers with respect to the indemnification and advancement of expenses; 
 WHEREAS, the Company desires to provide Indemnitee with specific contractual assurance of Indemnitee s rights to full indemnification against litigation risks and expenses (regardless of, among other things, any amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, or any change in the ownership of the Company or the composition of its Board of Directors); 
 	 1 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company and Indemnitee desire to enter into this Agreement in order for Indemnitee to rely upon the rights afforded under this Agreement in accepting and continuing in Indemnitee s position as a director and/or officer of the Company; 
 WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the indemnification, advancement of expenses and any other rights provided to, or for the benefit of, the Indemnitee by the Certificate of Incorporation and/or Bylaws and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto and shall not be deemed a substitute thereof, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and 
 WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company has determined that contractual indemnification as provided herein is reasonable and prudent and promotes the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the Indemnitee agreeing to serve, or continuing to serve, the Company after the date hereof directly or, at the Company s request, as an officer, director, manager, member, partner, tax matters partner, fiduciary or trustee of, or in any other capacity with, another Person (as defined below) or any employee benefit plan, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Parties agree as follows: 
 1. Certain Definitions . In addition to terms defined elsewhere herein, the following terms have the following meanings when used in this Agreement: 

(a) Agreement : means this Indemnification Agreement, as amended from time to time hereafter. 

(b) Board of Directors : means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

(c) Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred upon any of the following events: 

(i) 	A merger, recapitalization, consolidation, or other similar transaction to which the Company is a party, unless securities representing at least 50 of the combined voting power of the then-outstanding securities of the surviving entity or a parent thereof are immediately thereafter beneficially owned, directly or indirectly and in substantially the same proportion, by the persons who beneficially owned the Company s outstanding voting securities immediately before the transaction; 
 (ii)	A sale, transfer or disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, unless securities representing at least 50 of the combined voting power of the then-outstanding securities of the entity acquiring the Company s assets or parent thereof are immediately thereafter beneficially owned, directly or indirectly and in substantially the same proportion, by the persons who beneficially 
 	 2 
 
 owned the Company s outstanding voting securities immediately before the transaction; 
 (iii) A merger, recapitalization, consolidation or other transaction to which the Company is a party or the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets if, in either case, the members of the Company s Board of Directors immediately prior to consummation of the transaction do not, upon consummation of the transaction, constitute at least a majority of the board of directors of the surviving entity or the entity acquiring the Company s assets, as the case may be, or a parent thereof (for this purpose, any change in the composition of the Company s Board of Directors that is anticipated or pursuant to an understanding or agreement in connection with a transaction will be deemed to have occurred at the time of the transaction); or 
 (iv) A majority of the Company s Board of Directors is replaced during any 12-month period by directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors prior to the date of the appointment or election. 
 (d) Exchange Act : means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

(e) Expenses : shall be broadly construed and shall include all direct and indirect losses, liabilities, damages, expenses, including fees and reasonable expenses of attorneys, fees and expenses of accountants, court costs, transcript costs, fees and expenses of experts, witness fees and expenses, travel expenses, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, delivery service fees, the premium, security for, and other costs relating to any bond (including cost bonds, appraisal bonds, or their equivalents), judgments, fines, penalties (whether civil, criminal or other), ERISA excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan, and amounts paid or payable in connection with any judgment, award or settlement, including any interest, assessments, any federal, state, local or foreign taxes imposed as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any indemnification or expense advancement payments, and all other disbursements or expenses incurred in connection with (i) the investigation, preparation, prosecution, defense, settlement, mediation, arbitration and appeal of a Proceeding, (ii) serving as an actual or prospective witness, or preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding, or other participation in, or other preparation for, any Proceeding, (iii) any compulsory interviews or depositions related to a Proceeding, (iv) any non-compulsory interviews or depositions related to a Proceeding, subject to the person receiving advance written approval by the Company to participate in such interviews 

3 
 
 or depositions, (v) responding to, or objecting to, a request to provide discovery in any Proceeding, and (vi) establishing or enforcing a right to indemnification under this Agreement, the Bylaws, the Certificate of Incorporation, applicable law or otherwise. Expenses shall also include any federal, state, local and foreign taxes imposed on such person as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement. The Parties agree that for the purposes of any advancement of Expenses for which Indemnitee has made written demand to the Company in accordance with this Agreement, all Expenses included in such demand that are certified by affidavit of the Indemnitee s counsel as being reasonable shall be presumed conclusively to be reasonable. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against the Indemnitee. 

(f) Indemnifiable Event : means any event or occurrence, whether occurring before, on or after the date of this Agreement, related to or arising out of the fact that the Indemnitee is or was serving in an Official Capacity, or by reason of an action or inaction by Indemnitee in any such Official Capacity, whether the basis of such Proceeding is an alleged action in an Official Capacity or in any other capacity while serving in an Official Capacity and whether or not serving in any Official Capacity at the time any Expenses are incurred for which indemnity can be provided under this Agreement. 

(g) Independent Counsel : means a law firm, a member of a law firm, or an independent practitioner, that is experienced in matters of corporate law and neither currently is, nor in the five (5) years previous to its selection has been, retained to represent (i) the Company or the Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning the Indemnitee under this Agreement or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements) or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any Person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or the Indemnitee in an action to determine the Indemnitee s rights under this Agreement. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of the Independent Counsel referred to above. 

(h) Official Capacity : means the status of a person who is or was (i) serving as a director or officer of the Company or (ii) while serving as a director or officer of the Company, serving at the request of the Company as an officer, director, manager, member, partner, tax 

4 
 
 matters partner, employee, agent, fiduciary, trustee or other representative of an Other Enterprise. 

(i) Other Enterprise : means another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, association or other enterprise, whether for profit or not-for-profit, including any subsidiaries of the Company, any entities formed by the Company and any employee benefit plans maintained or sponsored by the Company where the Indemnitee is serving at the request of the Company in any capacity. 

(j) Person : means any individual, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, estate, trust, business association, organization, governmental entity or other entity. 

(k) The term Proceeding shall be broadly construed and shall include any threatened, asserted, pending or completed action, suit, investigation (including any internal investigation), inquiry, hearing, mediation, arbitration, other alternative dispute mechanism or any other proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, regulatory, arbitrative, legislative, investigative or otherwise and whether formal or informal, or any appeal of any kind therefrom, including an action initiated by Indemnitee to enforce Indemnitee s rights to indemnification or Expense Advance (as defined herein) under this Agreement or any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, the NYBCL (as defined above) or other applicable law, and whether instituted by or in the right of the Company, a governmental agency, the Board of Directors of the Company, any authorized committee thereof, a class of its security holders or any other party, and whether made pursuant to federal, state or other law, or any inquiry, hearing or investigation (including any internal investigation), whether formal or informal, whether instituted by or in the right of the Company, a governmental agency, the Board, any committee thereof, a class of its security holders, or any other party that the Indemnitee believes might lead to the institution of any such proceeding. If the Indemnitee believes in good faith that a given situation may lead to or culminate in the institution of a Proceeding, this shall be considered a Proceeding under this paragraph. 

(l) The term serving at the request of the Company shall include any service to the Company or an Other Enterprise by Indemnitee in Indemnitee's Official Capacity at the request of, for the convenience of, or to represent the interests of, the Company or any subsidiary of the Company. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indemnitee's service in Indemnitee's Official Capacity to the Company or an Other Enterprise shall be presumed to be Service at the Request of 

5 
 
 the Company, unless it is conclusively determined to the contrary by a majority vote of the directors of the Company, excluding, if applicable, the Indemnitee. With respect to such determination, it shall not be necessary for Indemnitee to show any actual or prior request by the Company or its Board of Directors for such service to the Company or an Other Enterprise. 

2. Agreement to Indemnify; Advancement of Expenses . 

(a) In the event that the Indemnitee was, is or becomes subject to, a party to or witness or other participant in, or is threatened to be made subject to, a party to or witness or other participant in, a Proceeding arising by reason of (or arising in part out of) an Indemnifiable Event, including Proceedings brought by or in the right of the Company, Proceedings brought by third parties, and Proceedings in which the Indemnitee is solely a witness, the Company shall indemnify the Indemnitee, or cause such Indemnitee to be indemnified, to the fullest extent permitted by the NYBCL, but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Company to provide broader indemnification rights than the NYBCL permitted the Company to provide prior to such amendment, against any and all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by the Indemnitee or on his or her behalf in connection with such Proceedings. If, in regard to any such Expenses, (i) the Indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification pursuant to Section 2(h) or Section 4, (ii) no determination with respect to the Indemnitee s entitlement is legally required as a condition to indemnification of the Indemnitee hereunder, or (iii) the Indemnitee has been determined pursuant to Section 2(e) to be entitled to indemnification hereunder, then payments of such Expenses shall be made as soon as practicable but in any event no later than thirty (30) calendar days after the later of (A) the date on which written demand is presented to the Company pursuant to Section 2(d) or (B) the earliest date on which the applicable criterion specified in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) of this Section 2(a) is satisfied. 

(b) Expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding arising by reason of (or arising in part out of) an Indemnifiable Event shall be paid by the Company in advance of the final disposition of such Proceeding Expense Advance ). Except as provided in the following sentence, the Company shall promptly pay the amount of such Expenses to the Indemnitee, but in no event shall such payment be made later than ten (10) calendar days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements from the Indemnitee requesting such advance or advances pursuant to this Section 2(b), together with a reasonable accounting of such Expenses. The right to Expense Advance shall not apply to (i) any Proceeding against an officer, director or other agent of the Company brought by the Company and approved by a majority of the authorized members of the Board which alleges willful misappropriation of corporate assets by such officer, director or other agent, wrongful disclosure of confidential information, or any other willful and deliberate breach in bad faith of such officer s, director s or other agent s duty to the Company or its shareholders, or (ii) any claim for which indemnification is excluded pursuant to this Agreement or prohibited by the NYBCL or other applicable law, but shall apply to any Proceeding referenced in Section 2(c)(iv) of this Agreement prior to a determination that the person is not entitled to be indemnified by 

6 
 
 the Company. The obligation of the Company to make an Expense Advance pursuant to this Section 2(b) shall be conditioned upon delivery to the Company of an undertaking in writing by or on behalf of the Indemnitee in which the Indemnitee undertakes and agrees to repay to the Company any advances made pursuant to this Section 2(b) if and to the extent that it shall ultimately be determined (in accordance with this Section 2 or by final judicial determination from which there is no further right to appeal, as applicable) that the Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company for such amounts in which event such Expense Advance (or a portion of such Expense Advance) shall be repaid to the Company within ten (10) calendar days thereafter. The Company shall make the advances contemplated by this Section 2(b) regardless of the Indemnitee s financial ability to make repayment, and regardless of whether indemnification of the Indemnitee by the Company will ultimately be required. Any advances pursuant to this Section 2(b) shall be unsecured and interest-free. Except as set forth in this Section 2(b), the Company shall not impose on the Indemnitee additional conditions to Expense Advance or require from the Indemnitee additional undertakings regarding repayment. Advancements shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing an action to enforce the Indemnitee s right of advancement of Expenses pursuant to this Agreement or any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, the NYBCL or other applicable law, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advancements claimed. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Indemnitee shall not be entitled to indemnification or advancement of Expenses pursuant to this Agreement (i) in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by the Indemnitee (other than any cross-claim, counterclaim or affirmative defense asserted by the Indemnitee in an action brought against Indemnitee), including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by the Indemnitee against the Company, any entity that the Company controls, any of the directors, officers, or employees thereof, other indemnitees or any third party, unless (A) the Company has joined in or the Board of Directors of the Company has authorized or consented to the initiation of such Proceeding, (B) it is a Proceeding referenced in Section 3 below, (C) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law, (D) otherwise made under Section 2(b), or (E) otherwise required by applicable law, (ii) if a final adjudication by a court of competent jurisdiction determines that such indemnification is prohibited by applicable law, (iii) on account of any Proceeding for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by the Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law, (iv) on account of any Proceeding for any reimbursement of the Company by the Indemnitee of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation or of any profits realized by the Indemnitee from the sale of securities of the Company, as required in each case under the Exchange Act (including any such reimbursements that arise from an accounting restatement of the Company pursuant to Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), or the payment to the Company of profits arising from the purchase and sale by the Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), or (v) as limited by Section 17 of this Agreement. 

7 
 
 (d) To obtain indemnification under this Agreement, the Indemnitee shall deliver to the Secretary of the Company a written request for indemnification, including therein or therewith such documentation and information as is reasonably available to the Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent the Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification hereunder (the date of receipt of such notice by the Secretary of the Company shall be the Notice Date ). The Secretary of the Company shall, promptly upon receipt of such a request for indemnification, advise the Board of Directors of the Company in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification. 

(e) Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to the first sentence of Section 2(d), a determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement thereto shall be made in the specific case by one of the following four methods: (i) by majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who are not parties to such Proceeding Disinterested Directors ), (ii) if such a quorum of Disinterested Directors cannot be obtained, by majority vote of a committee duly designated by the Board of Directors (all directors, whether or not Disinterested Directors, may participate in such designation) consisting solely of two or more Disinterested Directors, (iii) if such a committee cannot be designated, by any Independent Counsel selected (A) by the Board of Directors (as prescribed in clause (i) above), (B) by the committee of the Board of Directors (as prescribed in clause (ii) above) or (C) if a quorum of the Board of Directors cannot be obtained for clause (i) above and the committee cannot be designated under clause (ii) above, by majority vote of the full Board of Directors (in which directors who are parties to the Proceeding may participate), in a written opinion to the Board of Directors, a copy of which shall be delivered to the Indemnitee, or (iv) if such Independent Counsel determination cannot be obtained, by majority vote of a quorum of shareholders consisting of shareholders who are not parties to such Proceeding, or if no such quorum is obtainable, by a majority vote of shareholders who are not parties to such Proceeding, using its best efforts to make such determination as promptly as is reasonably practicable under the circumstances, that the Indemnitee is entitled to be indemnified under applicable law. If it is so determined that the Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to the Indemnitee shall be made within thirty (30) calendar days after such determination. If the Company shall not have made a determination as to the Indemnitee s indemnification within sixty (60) days of the Notice Date, a determination of entitlement to indemnification shall be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, provided that such 60-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional thirty (30) days, if the Company in good faith requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information related thereto. The Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the Person or Persons making such determination with respect to the Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such Person or Persons upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to the Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or expenses (including attorneys fees and disbursements) actually and reasonably incurred by the Indemnitee in so cooperating with the Person or Persons making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to the Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold 

8 
 
 Indemnitee harmless therefrom. Any determination by the Company (including by its directors, shareholders or any Independent Counsel) otherwise (that the Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification) shall be conclusive and binding on the Company and the Indemnitee. The Company agrees that all costs incurred by the Company in making the determination under this Section 2(e) shall be borne solely by the Company, including, but not limited to, the costs of legal counsel (including any Independent Counsel serving under this Section 2(e)), proxy solicitations and judicial determinations. 

(f) If (x) the Company (including by its directors, shareholders or any Independent Counsel) determines that the Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified in whole or in part under applicable law, (y) any amount of Expenses is not paid in full by the Company according to Section 2(a) after a determination is made pursuant to Section 2(e) that the Indemnitee is entitled to be indemnified, or (z) any amount of Expense Advance is not paid in full by the Company according to Section 2(b) after a request and an undertaking pursuant to Section 2(b) have been received by the Company, in each case, the Indemnitee shall have the right to commence litigation in any court in the State of New York having subject matter jurisdiction thereof and in which venue is proper, either challenging any such determination, which shall not be binding, or any aspect thereof (including the legal or factual bases therefor), seeking to recover the unpaid amount of Expenses or Expense Advance, as applicable, and otherwise to enforce the Company s obligations under this Agreement. The Company hereby consents to service of process and to appear in any such proceeding. If the Indemnitee commences legal proceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction to secure a determination that the Indemnitee should be indemnified under applicable law, any such judicial proceeding shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, on the merits, any determination that the Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified under applicable law shall not be binding on, and shall not prejudice the Indemnitee, the Indemnitee shall continue to be entitled to receive Expense Advance, and the Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any Expense Advance, unless and until a final judicial determination is made (as to which all rights of appeal therefrom have been exhausted or lapsed) that the Indemnitee is not entitled to be so indemnified under applicable law. The Company shall also be solely responsible for paying all costs incurred by it in defending any Proceeding made pursuant to this Section 2(f) challenging its determination or seeking its payment. 

(g) If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 2(e) that the Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to Section 2(f). 

(h) To the extent that the Indemnitee has been successful on the merits or otherwise, either in defense of any Proceeding relating in whole or in part to an Indemnifiable Event or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, including dismissal without prejudice, or in prosecution of any Proceeding relating in whole or in part to an Indemnifiable Event pursuant to Section 2(f), the Indemnitee shall be indemnified by the Company against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred in connection therewith, notwithstanding an earlier determination by the Company (including by its directors, shareholders or any Independent Counsel) that the Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under applicable law. For purposes of this Agreement, the term successful 

9 
 
 on the merits or otherwise shall include, but not be limited to, (i) any termination, withdrawal, or dismissal (with or without prejudice) of any Proceeding against the Indemnitee without any express finding of liability or guilt against the Indemnitee, (ii) the expiration of one-hundred twenty (120) days after the making of any claim or threat of a Proceeding without the institution of the same and without any promise or payment made to induce a settlement, and (iii) the settlement of any Proceeding pursuant to which the Indemnitee pays less than 100,000. 

3. Indemnification for Expenses of the Indemnitee in Enforcing Rights . To the fullest extent allowable under applicable law, the Company shall also indemnify, or cause the indemnification of, the Indemnitee against any and all Expenses and, if requested by the Indemnitee, shall advance such Expenses to the Indemnitee subject to and in accordance with Sections 2(b) and (f), which are actually and reasonably incurred by the Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding brought by the Indemnitee for (i) indemnification or an Expense Advance by the Company under any provision of this Agreement, under any other agreement that the Indemnitee is a party to, or under any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, the NYBCL or other applicable law now or hereafter in effect, in each case, relating to the Indemnitee s rights to indemnification or Expense Advance, and/or (ii) recovery under any director s and officer s liability or other insurance policies maintained by the Company, regardless of, in the case of (i) or (ii), whether the Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, Expense Advance or insurance recovery, as the case may be. Indemnitee shall be required to reimburse the Company in the event that a final judicial determination is made that such action brought by Indemnitee was frivolous or not made in good faith. 

4. Partial Indemnity . If the Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company for some or a portion of the Expenses in respect of a Proceeding relating in whole or in part to an Indemnifiable Event but not, however, for all of the total amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify the Indemnitee for the portion thereof to which the Indemnitee is entitled. 

5. Burdens of Proof and Persuasion . In any judicial proceeding brought under Section 2(f) above, the Company shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion to establish, by clear and convincing evidence, that the Indemnitee is not entitled to the indemnification or Expense Advance provided hereunder. 

10 
 
 6. Presumptions and Effect of Certain Proceedings . 

(a) In connection with any determination, pursuant to Section 2(e), concerning Indemnitee s right to Indemnification, the Person or Persons making such determination shall presume that the Indemnitee has satisfied the applicable standard of conduct and is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if the Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with Section 2(d) above, and, except where any required undertaking under Section 2(b) has not been delivered to the Company, anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and burden of persuasion, by clear and convincing evidence. 

(b) The Indemnitee shall be deemed to have met the applicable standard of conduct (the Standard of Conduct and to be entitled to indemnification under the NYBCL for any action or omission to act undertaken (i) in good faith reliance upon the records of the Company, including its financial statements, or upon information, opinions, reports or statements furnished to the Indemnitee by the officers or employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries in the course of their duties, or by committees of the Board of Directors, or by any other Person as to matters the Indemnitee reasonably believes are within such other Person s professional or expert competence, or (ii) on behalf of the Company in furtherance of the interests of the Company in good faith in reliance upon, and in accordance with, the advice of legal counsel or accountants; provided such legal counsel or accountants were selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Company. In addition, the knowledge and/or actions, or failures to act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Company or an Other Enterprise shall not be imputed to the Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement. Whether or not the foregoing provisions of this Section 6(b) are satisfied, it shall in any event be presumed that Indemnitee has at all times acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion, by clear and convincing evidence. No indemnification shall be provided by the Company pursuant to this Agreement if its determined that Indemnitee failed to meet the applicable Standard of Conduct, which such determination shall be made only by (i) a majority vote of Disinterested Directors or (ii) a majority vote of a quorum of holders of the outstanding shares of all classes of the Company s common stock entitled to vote on the matter, voting as a single class, which quorum shall consist only of stockholders who are not at that time parties to the Proceeding in question. If it is ultimately determined that the Indemnitee has not met the applicable Standard of Conduct, Indemnitee shall promptly reimburse the Corporation for any Expense Advance. 

(c) For purposes of this Agreement, the termination of any Proceeding by judgment, order, settlement (whether with or without court approval) or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not create a presumption that the Indemnitee did not meet any particular standard of conduct or have any particular belief or that a court has determined that indemnification is not permitted by applicable law. 

(d) Neither the failure of the Company (including by its directors, shareholders or any Independent Counsel) to have made a determination as to whether the 

11 
 
 Indemnitee has met any particular Standard of Conduct or had any particular belief, nor an actual determination by the Company (including by its directors, shareholders or any Independent Counsel) that the Indemnitee has not met such Standard of Conduct or did not have such belief, prior to the commencement of legal proceedings by the Indemnitee to secure a judicial determination that the Indemnitee should be indemnified under applicable law, shall be a defense to the Indemnitee s claim for indemnification or create a presumption that the Indemnitee has not met any particular Standard of Conduct or did not have any particular belief. 

7. Failure to Act Not a Defense . The failure of the Company (including its Board of Directors or any committee thereof, Independent Legal Counsel, or shareholders) to make a determination concerning the permissibility of the payment of Expenses or the Expense Advance under this Agreement shall not be a defense in any action brought under Section 2(f) hereof, and shall not create a presumption that such payment or advancement is not permissible. 

8. Access to Information . Indemnitee shall be entitled to access such information in the possession of the Company as may be reasonably necessary to enforce Indemnitee s rights under this Agreement. 

9. Nonexclusivity, Etc. The rights of the Indemnitee hereunder to indemnification and Expense Advance shall be in addition to, but not exclusive of, any other rights the Indemnitee may have at any time under the Bylaws or the Certificate of Incorporation, applicable law, any insurance policy purchased or maintained by the Indemnitee or any other agreement, vote of shareholders or directors (or a committee of directors), or otherwise, both as to action in Indemnitee s Official Capacity and as to action in any other capacity while Indemnitee is serving in an Official Capacity. The right to be indemnified or to receive advancement of Expenses under this Agreement (i) is a contract right based upon good and valuable consideration, pursuant to which Indemnitee may sue, (ii) is and is intended to be retroactive and shall be available as to events occurring prior to the date of this Agreement and (iii) shall continue after any rescission or restrictive modification of this Agreement as to events occurring prior thereto. 

10. Change in Law . To the extent that a change in the NYBCL or the interpretation thereof (whether by statute or judicial decision) permits broader indemnification or advancement of Expenses than is provided under the terms of the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws and this Agreement, it is the intent of the Parties hereto that the Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change in law. In the event of any change in the NYBCL (whether by statute or judicial decision) which narrows the right of a New York corporation to indemnify a member of its Board of Directors, an officer, or other agent, such changes, to the extent not required by applicable law to be applied to this Agreement, shall have no effect on this Agreement or the Parties rights and obligations hereunder. 

11. Representations and Warranties of the Company . The Company hereby represents and warrants to Indemnitee as follows: 

12 
 
 (a) Authority . The Company has all necessary power and authority to enter into, and be bound by the terms of, this Agreement, and the execution, delivery and performance of the undertakings contemplated by this Agreement have been duly authorized by the Company. 

(b) Enforceability . This Agreement, when executed and delivered by the Company in accordance with the provisions hereof, shall be a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally. 

12. Maintenance of D O Insurance . 

(a) Throughout the term of this Agreement, the Company shall make commercially reasonable efforts to maintain directors and officers liability insurance covering the directors and officers of the Company D O Insurance ). The Company shall make commercially reasonable efforts to exercise all options available under the D O Insurance to obtain tail coverage, or additional extended reporting period coverage, to the extent such coverage would apply to the Indemnitee s services with the Company or any affiliate. 

(b) The Company shall, from time to time, make the good faith determination whether or not it is practicable for the Company to obtain and maintain a policy or policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies providing the officers and directors of the Company with coverage for Expenses from wrongful acts, or to ensure the Company s performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. Among other considerations, the Company will weigh the costs of obtaining such insurance coverage against the protection afforded by such coverage. 

(c) In D O Insurance, the Indemnitee shall be covered as an insured in such a manner as to provide the Indemnitee the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Company s directors, if the Indemnitee is a director; or as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Company s officers, if the Indemnitee is not a director of the Company but is an officer. 

(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as provided below in Section 12(f) in the event of a Change in Control, the Company shall have no obligation pursuant to this Agreement to obtain or maintain D O Insurance coverage at least comparable to that provided by the D O Insurance as of the date of this Agreement. All decisions as to whether and to what extent the Company maintains D O Insurance shall be made by the Board in its sole and absolute discretion. 

(e) Promptly after (i) learning of facts and circumstances which may give rise to a Proceeding, the Company shall notify its D O Insurance carriers, if such notice is required by the applicable insurance policies, and any other insurance carrier providing applicable insurance coverage to the Company, of such facts and circumstances, or (ii) 

13 
 
 receiving notice of a Proceeding, whether from the Indemnitee, or otherwise, the Company shall give prompt notice to its D O Insurance carriers, and any other insurance carriers providing applicable insurance coverage to the Company, in the case of (i) and (ii), in accordance with the requirements of the respective insurance policies. The Company shall, thereafter, take all necessary or appropriate action to cause such insurance carriers to pay, on behalf of the Indemnitee, all Expenses incurred or to be incurred, and liability incurred, by the Indemnitee with respect to such Proceeding, in accordance with the terms of the applicable insurance policies. 

(f) At or prior to any Change in Control, unless otherwise provided by any successor or affiliate of the Company, the Company shall obtain a prepaid, fully-earned and non-cancellable tail directors and officers liability insurance policy in respect of acts or omissions occurring at or prior to the Change in Control with a claims period of six (6) years from the Change in Control, covering the Indemnitee, to the extent that the Indemnitee is covered by D O Insurance immediately prior to the Change in Control, with the coverage and amounts and containing terms and conditions that are not less advantageous to the directors and officers of the Company and its subsidiaries than those of the D O Insurance in effect immediately prior to such Change in Control; provided, however , that the aggregate premium therefor is not in excess of 200 of the annual premium then paid by the Company for coverage for its then current policy year for such insurance, and if the premium therefor would be in excess of such amount, the Company shall purchase such tail policy with the greatest coverage available as to matters occurring prior to the Change in Control as is available for a cost not exceeding that premium amount. Any such tail policy may not be amended, modified, cancelled or revoked after the Change in Control by the Company or any successor thereto in any manner that is adverse to the Indemnitee. 

13. Covenant Not To Sue, Limitation of Actions and Release of Claims . No legal action shall be brought and no cause of action shall be asserted by or in the right of the Company (or any of its subsidiaries) against the Indemnitee, the Indemnitee s spouse, heirs, executors, or personal or legal representatives, administrators or estate after the expiration of two years from the date of accrual of such cause of action, and any claim or cause of action of the Company shall be extinguished and deemed released unless asserted by the timely filing of a legal action within such two-year period; provided, however , that if any shorter period of limitations is otherwise applicable to any such cause of action such shorter period shall govern. 

14. Modifications and Waiver. Except as provided in Section 10 with respect to changes in the NYBCL that broaden the right of Indemnitee to be indemnified by the Company and Section 15 which provides for the Indemnitee to be afforded the benefit of a more favorable term or terms included in other indemnification agreements, no supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both of the Parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be binding unless in the form of a writing signed by the party against whom enforcement of the waiver is sought, or shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar), nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver. 

14 
 
 15. More Favorable Indemnification Agreements . In the event the Company or any of its subsidiaries enters into an indemnification agreement with another director, officer, agent, fiduciary or manager of the Company or any of its subsidiaries containing a term or terms more favorable to the Indemnitee than the terms contained herein (as determined by the Indemnitee), the Indemnitee shall be afforded the benefit of such more favorable term or terms and such more favorable term or terms shall be deemed incorporated by reference herein as if set forth in full herein. 

16. Subrogation . In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of contribution or recovery of the Indemnitee against other persons, and the Indemnitee shall execute all papers reasonably required and shall do everything that may be reasonably necessary to secure such rights, including the execution of such documents necessary to enable the Company effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights. 

17. No Duplication of Payments . The Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment in connection with any Proceeding to the extent the Indemnitee has otherwise actually received payment (whether under any statute, insurance policy, any provision of the Bylaws, any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, vote, or otherwise) of the amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder. The Company s obligation of indemnification or Expense Advance hereunder to the Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, partner, managing member, fiduciary, board of directors committee member, employee or agent of any other Person shall be reduced by any amount the Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or advancement of Expenses from such Person. 

18. Notification and Defense of Proceedings . 

(a) As soon as reasonably practicable after receipt by the Indemnitee of written notice that he or she is a party to or a participant (as a witness or otherwise) in any Proceeding or of any other matter in respect of which the Indemnitee intends to seek indemnification or Expense Advance hereunder, the Indemnitee shall provide to the Company written notice thereof, including the nature of and the facts underlying such Proceeding or matter. The omission by the Indemnitee to so notify the Company will not relieve the Company from any liability which it may have to the Indemnitee hereunder or otherwise. 

(b) The Company shall be entitled, at its option and expense, either to participate in the defense of any Proceeding relating to an Indemnifiable Event or, upon written notice to the Indemnitee, to assume the defense thereof with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnitee and after delivery of such notice, the Company shall not be liable to the Indemnitee under this Agreement for any fees or expenses of counsel subsequently incurred by the Indemnitee with respect to such Proceeding; provided that (i) the Indemnitee shall have the right to retain separate counsel in respect of such Proceeding at the Indemnitee s expense or, if previously authorized in writing by the Company, at the Company s expense, and (ii) if the Indemnitee believes, after consultation with counsel selected by the Indemnitee, that (A) the use of counsel chosen by the Company to represent 

15 
 
 the Indemnitee would present such counsel with an actual or potential conflict of interest, (B) the named parties in any such Proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include the Company or any subsidiary of the Company and the Indemnitee, and the Indemnitee concludes that there may be one or more legal defenses available to him or her that are different from or in addition to those available to the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, or (C) any such representation by such counsel would be precluded under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, then the Indemnitee shall be entitled to retain separate counsel (but not more than one law firm plus, if applicable, local counsel in respect of any particular Proceeding) at the Company s expense. 

(c) The Company shall not be liable to the Indemnitee under this Agreement for any amounts paid in settlement of any Proceeding relating to an Indemnifiable Event effected without the Company s prior written consent and the Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the Indemnitee, effect any settlement of any Proceeding relating to an Indemnifiable Event which the Indemnitee is or could have been a party unless such settlement solely involves the payment of money and includes a complete and unconditional release of the Indemnitee from all liability on all claims that are the subject matter of such Proceeding; provided that neither the Company nor the Indemnitee shall unreasonably withhold its or his or her consent to any proposed settlement; and provided that the Indemnitee may withhold consent to any settlement or compromise which (i) includes an admission of fault of Indemnitee or (ii) does not include, as an unconditional term thereof, the full release of Indemnitee from all liability in respect of the Proceeding, which release shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnitee. 

19. Contribution. 

(a) Whether or not the indemnification provided in Section 2 of this Agreement is available, in respect of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in the Proceeding that is the basis for the Proceeding), the Company shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount of any judgment or settlement of such Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes any right of contribution it may have against Indemnitee. The Company shall not enter into any settlement of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in the Proceeding that is the basis for the Proceeding) unless such settlement provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee, which release shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnitee. 

(b) Without diminishing or impairing the obligations of the Company set forth in Section 19(a), if, for any reason, Indemnitee shall elect or be required to pay all or any portion of any judgment or settlement relating to any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such action, suit or proceeding), the Company shall contribute to the amount of expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred and paid or payable by Indemnitee in proportion to the relative benefits received by the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company other than Indemnitee 

16 
 
 who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, from the transaction from which such Proceeding arose; provided, however , that the proportion determined on the basis of relative benefit may, to the extent necessary to conform to law, be further adjusted by reference to the relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company other than Indemnitee who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such action, suit or proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, in connection with the events that resulted in such expenses, judgments, fines or settlement amounts, as well as any other equitable considerations which the law may require to be considered. The relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company other than Indemnitee who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such action, suit or proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the degree to which their actions were motivated by intent to gain personal profit or advantage, the degree to which their liability is primary or secondary, and the degree to which their conduct is active or passive. 

(c) The Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify and hold Indemnitee harmless from any claims of contribution which may be brought by officers, directors or employees of the Company other than Indemnitee who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee. 

20. Services of Indemnitee . This Agreement shall not be deemed to constitute an agreement of employment nor shall it impose any obligation on Indemnitee or the Company to continue Indemnitee s service to the Company beyond any period otherwise required by law or by other agreements or commitments of the Parties, if any. The Indemnitee, if a member of the Board of Directors, hereby agrees to serve or continue to serve as a director of the Company, for so long as the Indemnitee is duly elected or appointed or until the Indemnitee tenders his or her resignation or is removed. 

21. Binding Effect, Successors. This Agreement shall be (a) binding upon all successors and assigns of the Company (including any transferee of all or a substantial portion of the business, stock and/or assets of the Company and any direct or indirect successor by merger or consolidation or otherwise by operation of law) and (b) binding on and shall inure to the benefit of the personal and legal representatives, spouses, heirs, executors and administrators of Indemnitee. This Agreement shall continue in effect for the benefit of the Indemnitee and such personal and legal representatives, assigns, spouses, heirs, executors and administrators regardless of whether the Indemnitee continues to serve as an officer, director or other representative or agent of the Company or any other Person at the request of the Company. The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially all, or a significant portion, of the business and/or assets of the Company and/or its subsidiaries, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 21, neither this 

17 
 
 Agreement nor any duties or responsibilities pursuant hereto may be assigned by the Company to any other Person without the express prior written consent of the Indemnitee. 

22. Entire Agreement . This Agreement and the documents referred to herein constitute the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the matters covered hereby, and any other prior or contemporaneous oral or written understandings or agreements with respect to the matters covered hereby are expressly superseded by this Agreement, including, but not limited to, any previous forms of director s and officer s indemnification agreements adopted by the Board and/or entered into by the Company with the Indemnitee; provided, however , that this Agreement is supplemental to and in furtherance of the rights provided to, or for the benefit of the Indemnitee, by the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, the NYBCL and any other applicable law, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, and does not diminish or abrogate any rights of the Indemnitee thereunder. 

23. Severability . If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever, (i) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including all portions of any paragraph of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that are not themselves invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law, and (ii) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including all portions of any paragraph of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed or deemed reformed so as to give the maximum effect to the intent of the Parties manifested by the provision held invalid, illegal or unenforceable and to give the maximum effect to the terms of this Agreement. 

24. Specific Performance. The Company and the Indemnitee agree that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult to prove, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the Parties agree that Indemnitee may enforce this Agreement by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that, by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which Indemnitee may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by the court, and the Company hereby waives any such requirement of a bond or undertaking. 

25. Notices . All notices, requests, demands, consents and other communications hereunder to any party shall be in writing and either delivered in person or sent by U.S. mail, overnight courier or by e-mail or other electronic transmission, addressed to such party at the address set forth below or such other address as may hereafter 

18 
 
 be designated on the signature pages of this Agreement or in writing by such party to the other parties, and shall be effective only upon receipt by such party: 

(a) If to the Company, to: 

Financial Institutions, Inc. 220 Liberty Street 
 Warsaw, NY 14569 
 Attention: Chief Legal Officer 
 E-mail: sjburruano@five-starbank.com 
 
 (b) If to the Indemnitee, to the address set forth on Annex A hereto. 

26. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (including by PDF or facsimile), each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement. 

27. Headings . The headings of the sections and paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction or interpretation thereof. 

28. Other Indemnification Rights and Conflict With Governing Documents . 

(a) Except as provided in paragraph (b) of this Section, the provisions of indemnification and advancement of expenses are not exclusive of any other rights Indemnitee may have under any provision of law, in any court in which a Proceeding is brought, by vote of the Company s shareholders or Disinterested Directors, under any other agreement or otherwise. Indemnitee s rights under this Agreement shall continue after Indemnitee has ceased being a director or officer of the Company and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee s heirs, executors and administrators. No amendment or alteration of the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws or other governing documents of the Company shall adversely affect Indemnitee s rights under this Agreement. 

(b) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail. 

29. Cooperation and Intent . The Company shall cooperate in good faith with the Indemnitee and use its best efforts to ensure that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Indemnitee is indemnified and/or reimbursed for Expenses described herein and receives the Expense Advance. 

19 
 
 30. Noninterference . The Company shall not seek or agree to any order of any court or other governmental authority that would prohibit or otherwise interfere, and shall not take or fail to take any other action if such action or failure would reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting or otherwise interfering, with the performance of the Company s indemnification, advancement of Expenses or other obligations under this Agreement. 

31. No Third Party Beneficiaries . No parties other than Indemnitee or the Company (and their successors and assigns as provided in Section 21 above) are entitled to rely upon this Agreement and enforce the Company s or Indemnitee s obligations hereunder. 

32. Validity of Agreement . The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any Proceeding, including, without limitation, an action under Section 2(f) above, that the provisions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable or that there is insufficient consideration for this Agreement and shall stipulate in court that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. 

33. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, as applied to contracts between New York residents entered into and to be performed entirely within such state without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of choice of laws of such state or any other jurisdiction. 

34. Consent to Jurisdiction . The Company and the Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in a New York State court, and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, (ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such New York State court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, (iii) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in such New York State court, and (iv) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in such New York State court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum. 

[Balance of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

20 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 
 FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, INC. 
 By: 	 Name: Martin K. Birmingham 
 Title: President Chief Executive Officer 
 		 [Indemnitee Name] 
 
 [Signature Page to Indemnification Agreement] 
 
 	 21 
 
 Annex A 
 Name and Address 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

22 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 6
 fisi-ex10_13.htm
 EX-10.13

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.13 
 FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, INC. 
 EXECUTIVE INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 1. Establishment of Plan . 

Financial Institutions, Inc. (the Company intends to provide annual cash incentive award opportunities for eligible executives of the Company and its Subsidiaries (defined below) through the use of this Financial Institutions, Inc. Executive Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The objective of the Plan is to align the interests of Participants (defined below) with the interests of the Company and its Subsidiaries in obtaining superior financial results. The Plan was first approved by the Management Development and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Committee on March 19, 2021, to be effective as of January 1, 2021. 
 2. Definitions . 

For purposes of the Plan, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
 a. Award means the cash incentive award opportunity granted to a Participant under the Plan. 

b. Award Certificate means the award certificate given to each Participant evidencing the terms of the Participant's Award opportunity granted under the Plan, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B. 

c. Bank means Five Star Bank, a Subsidiary of the Company. 

d. CEO means the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 

e. Director of HR means the Director of Human Resources of the Bank. 

f. Disability means (i) in the case of a Participant whose employment with the Company or a Subsidiary is subject to the terms of an employment or consulting agreement that includes a definition of Disability, the meaning set forth in such employment or consulting agreement during the period that such employment or consulting agreement remains in effect; and (ii) in all other cases, the meaning as set forth under the long-term disability plan applicable to the Participant as may be amended from time to time, and in the event there is no such plan applicable to a Participant, a physical or mental condition resulting from bodily injury, disease or mental disorder which renders the Participant incapable of continuing his or her usual and customary employment with the Company or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, for a period of not less than 120 days or such other period as may be required by applicable law. 

g. Funding Percentage of a Performance Requirement means the percentage used to determine the Award Pool, which is based on the Performance Goal achieved for the Performance Requirement. 

h. Participant means an executive officer or senior executive of the Company or a Subsidiary who has been selected by the Committee and granted an Award opportunity under the Plan. 

i. Performance Goal means the threshold, target and maximum performance goals for each Performance Requirement, as set forth in the applicable Plan Year Schedule. 

j. Performance Period means the Plan Year specified in the applicable Plan Year Schedule. 

k. Performance Requirement means a performance requirement measured during a Performance Period, as set forth in the applicable Plan Year Schedule. 

l. Plan Year means January 1 to December 31 of a specified year. 

m. Plan Year Schedule means the Schedule containing the general terms of the Awards for a given Plan Year, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. 

n. Retire and Retirement mean the resignation or voluntary termination of employment of a Participant after attainment of age 65 and ten or more years of service with the Company or a Subsidiary. 

o. Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company within the meaning of Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

p. Weighting Percentage means the weighting given to a Performance Requirement, as set forth in the applicable Plan Year Schedule. 

3. Administration . 

a. Committee . The Plan shall be administered by the Committee. The Committee has the exclusive power, authority and discretion to: (i) designate the Participants for a Plan Year, and if applicable, a Participant's Annual Percentage, Deferral Percentage, Deferral Performance Period and Deferral Performance Requirements; (ii) establish and review an Award's Performance Requirements and their respective Weighting Percentages, Performance Goals and Funding Percentages for a Performance Period; (iii) determine whether and to what extent the Performance Requirements and the Deferral Performance Requirements were achieved for the Performance Period and the Deferral Performance Period, respectively; (iv) calculate the Funding Percentages, the Aggregate Funding Percentage (as defined below) and the amount of the Award Pool resulting from the achievement of the Performance Requirements for a Performance Period; (v) determine the Earned Amount (as defined below) of an Award payable to any Participant based on such objective or subjective factors as the Committee shall deem relevant; (vi) establish, adopt or revise any rules and regulations as it may deem necessary or advisable to administer the Plan; (vii) make all other decisions and determinations that may be required under the Plan or as the Committee deems necessary or advisable to administer the Plan; and (viii) approve, modify, amend, or terminate the Plan as provided herein. The Committee's interpretation of the Plan and all decisions and determinations by the Committee with respect to the Plan are final, binding, and conclusive on all parties. 

b. Delegation . In accordance with applicable law, the Committee may delegate any of the responsibilities listed above in Section 3(a) to the CEO or the Director of HR, or may receive recommendations from such individuals regarding such responsibilities. Any reference herein to the Committee shall be deemed to include any person to whom any duty of the Committee has been delegated pursuant to this Section 3(b). 

4. Eligibility . 

a. Selection . For each Plan Year, the Committee will select the executive officers and senior executives who will participate in the Plan for the upcoming Plan Year, and those executives, if any, to be included in the mandatory deferral portion of the Plan for such Plan Year. 

b. Notification . Following the selection of Participants by the Committee for a Plan Year, each selected Participant shall be notified of his or her participation in the Plan for the Plan Year, and shall receive an Award Certificate (together with the Plan Year Schedule for the Plan Year) setting forth the terms of his or her participation in the Plan for the Plan Year. 

5. Award Pool . 

a. Gateway Requirement . As soon as practicable following the end of the Plan Year, the Committee will determine the Tier 1 capital ratio of the Bank as determined under the final US Basel III capital framework (the Tier 1 Capital Ratio as of the end of the Plan Year. If the Tier 1 Capital Ratio as of the end of the Plan Year does not meet the requirement set by the Committee, the Award Pool will be zero and no Award shall be paid to any Participant for the Plan Year. 

b. Performance Results . If the Tier 1 Capital Ratio as of the end of the Plan Year meets or exceeds the requirement set by the Committee, then the Committee will determine the Performance Goal achieved for each Performance Requirement for the Performance Period. The Aggregate Funding Percentage for the Performance Period will be equal to the sum of the following for each Performance Requirement: (i) the Weighting Percentage for such Performance Requirement, multiplied by (ii) the Funding Percentage for such Performance Requirement based on the Performance Goal achieved, each as set forth in, and determined pursuant to, the Plan Year Schedule for the Plan Year that includes the Performance Period. 

c. Award Pool . The Award Pool for a Performance Period will be the Aggregate Funding Percentage for the Performance Period, multiplied by the aggregate sum of the target amount set forth in the Award Certificate for the Plan Year that includes the Performance Period (the Target Amount of each Participant who was employed on the last day of the Performance Period or who is entitled to a pro rata Award pursuant to Section 6(a)(ii) for the Performance Period. 

6. Awards . 

a. Determination of Awards . 

i. Earned Amount . The Committee, in consultation with the CEO and the Director of HR, will determine and approve the amount of each Participant's Award (respectively, a Participant's Earned Amount ), if any, taking into account the Participant's Target Amount and the Participant's absolute and relative individual performance during the Plan Year; provided, however, the aggregate total of all Participants' Earned Amounts for the Plan Year may not exceed the actual Award Pool unless the Committee determined otherwise 

ii. Partial Year Participation . If a person becomes a Participant in the Plan after the beginning of a Plan Year and prior to September 30 th of such Plan Year, or a Participant Retires during a Plan Year, then unless the Committee determines otherwise, the Participant's Award for such Plan Year will be prorated based on the number of days such person participated in the Plan during the Performance Period. If a person becomes a Participant in the Plan after September 

30 th of a Plan Year, then unless the Committee determines otherwise, the Participant is not eligible to participate in the Plan until the next Plan Year. If a Participant takes a leave of absence during the Plan Year for any reason, then unless the Committee determines otherwise, the Participant will receive a pro rata share of an Award, if any, for such Plan Year. Only the portion of the Award actually paid to a Participant pursuant to this Section 6(a)(ii) will count against the Award Pool. 

b. Annual Amount and Deferred Amount . The Earned Amount under a Participant's Award consists of two components: 

i. an Annual Amount determined in accordance with Section 7; and 

ii. if specified in a Participant's Award Certificate, a Deferred Amount determined in accordance with Section 8. 

7. Annual Amount . 

a. Calculation . A Participant's Annual Amount is equal to the Participant's Earned Amount determined in accordance with Section 6, multiplied by the annual percentage set forth in the Participant's Award Certificate (the Annual Percentage ). If a Participant's Award Certificate does not contain an Annual Percentage or a Deferral Percentage (as defined below), then the Annual Percentage shall be 100 ; and if a Participant's Award Certificate does not contain an Annual Percentage, but does contain a Deferral Percentage, the Annual Percentage shall be 100 minus the Deferral Percentage. 

b. Payment . Subject to Section 7(c), a Participant must be actively employed by the Company or a Subsidiary on the date that the Annual Amount is paid in order to be eligible to receive payment of the Annual Amount. The Annual Amount shall be paid to the Participant in a lump-sum cash payment as soon as administratively practicable following the end of the Performance Period, but in no event later than December 31 st of the year following the end of the Performance Period. It is anticipated that payment of the Annual Amount will be made not later than March 15 th of the year following the end of the Performance Period. 

c. Effects of Certain Events on the Annual Amount . 

i. Death, Disability or Retirement During the Performance Period . In the event of a Participant's death or termination of employment due to Disability during the Performance Period, the Participant shall be entitled to a pro rata Annual Amount under the Plan for the Plan Year in which the Participant's death or termination of employment due to Disability occurs equal to the product of: (1) the Target Amount of the Award multiplied by the Annual Percentage; and (2) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days that have elapsed in the Performance Period, and the denominator of which is 365. Such amount shall be paid to the Participant as soon as practicable following the Participant's death or termination of employment due to Disability, but in no event later than 75 days thereafter. In the event of a Participant's Retirement during the Performance Period, the Participant may be entitled to a pro rata Award under the Plan pursuant to Section 6(a)(ii). 

ii. Termination of Employment (other than Death, Disability or Retirement) During the Performance Period . If a Participant's employment is terminated for any reason other than Retirement during the Performance Period (including death or Disability), then such Participant shall not be entitled to payment of the Annual Amount or the Deferred Amount of the Award for the Plan Year in which the Participant's employment is terminated. 

iii. Death, Disability or Retirement Following the Performance Period . In the event of a Participant's death or termination of employment due to Disability or Retirement after the end of the Performance Period but prior to payment of the Annual Amount, the Participant shall continue to be entitled to payment of the Annual Amount of the Award for the Plan Year that includes the Participant's death or in which the Participant's employment is terminated due to Disability or Retirement, and such Annual Amount shall be paid at the same time and in the same form as payments made to other Participants under Section 7(b). 

iv. Change in Control . In the event of a change in control (as defined in the Financial Institutions, Inc. 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time, and including any successor plan thereto (the LTIP )) during the Performance Period, then all Participants shall be entitled to a pro rata Award under the Plan for the Plan Year in which the change in control occurs equal to the product of: (1) the greater of the Earned Amount under the Award, determined based on actual performance through the date of the change in control, and the Target Amount of the Award; and (2) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days that have elapsed in the Performance Period, and the denominator of which is 365. Such amount shall be paid to the Participants as soon as practicable following the occurrence of the change in control, but in no event later than 75 days thereafter. 

8. Deferred Amount . 

a. Calculation . To further promote prudent and sound behaviors consistent with the long-term objectives of the Company, certain Participants are required to defer a portion of the Earned Amount (the Deferred Amount) until the end of a deferral performance period specified in the Participant's Award Certificate (the Deferral Performance Period ). A Participant's Deferred Amount is equal to the Participant's Earned Amount determined in accordance with Section 6, multiplied by the deferral percentage, if any, set forth in the Participant's Award Certificate (the Deferral Percentage ). If a Participant's Award Certificate does not contain a Deferral Percentage, then the Deferral Percentage shall be 0 . At the payment date for Annual Amount, the Deferred Amount will be credited to a hypothetical recordkeeping account for the benefit of the Participant. Whether all or a portion of the Deferred Amount becomes payable to a Participant is determined based on the satisfaction of the service and/or performance requirements specified in the Participant's Award Certificate (the Deferral Performance Requirements for a deferral performance period specified in the Participant's Award Certificate (the Deferral Performance Period 

b. Payment . Subject to Section 8(c), a Participant must be actively employed by the Company or a Subsidiary on the date that the Deferred Amount is paid in order to be eligible to receive payment of the Deferred Amount. The Deferred Amount shall be paid to the Participant in a lump-sum cash payment as soon as administratively practicable following the end of the Deferral Performance Period, but in no event later than December 31 st of the year following the end of the Deferral Performance Period. It is anticipated that payment of the Deferred Amount will be made not later than March 15 th of the year following the end of the Deferral Performance Period. 

c. Effects of Certain Events on the Deferred Amount . 

i. Death or Disability During the Deferral Performance Period . If a Participant dies or his or her employment is terminated due to Disability during the Deferral Performance Period, then the Participant shall be entitled to a pro rata payment of the Deferred Amount equal to the product of: (1) the Deferred Amount, subject to satisfaction of the Deferral Performance 

Requirements through the date of the participant's death or termination of employment due to Disability; and (2) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days that have elapsed in the Deferral Performance Period through the date of death or termination of employment, and the denominator of which is the total number of days in the Deferral Performance Period. Payment shall be made as soon as practicable following the Participant's death or termination of employment due to Disability, but in no event later than 75 days thereafter. 

ii. Involuntary Termination of Employment During the Deferral Performance Period . If a Participant's employment is involuntarily terminated by the Company or a Subsidiary during the Deferral Performance Period due to a reduction in force, the elimination of his or her position or the closing of his or her office, then the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall determine whether such Participant shall become entitled to a payment of all or a portion of the Deferred Amount. Any such payment shall be made as soon as practicable following the Participant's termination of employment, but in no event later than 75 days thereafter. 

iii. Retirement During the Deferral Performance Period . If a Participant Retires during the Deferral Performance Period, then the Participant shall be entitled to a pro rata payment of the Deferred Amount equal to the product of: (1) the Deferred Amount, subject to satisfaction of the Deferral Performance Requirements through the end of the Deferral Performance Period; and (2) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days that have elapsed in the Deferral Performance Period through the date of Retirement, and the denominator of which is the total number of days in the Deferral Performance Period. Payment shall be made at the same time and in the same form as payments made to other Participants under Section 8(b). 

iv. Death, Disability or Retirement Following the Deferral Performance Period . If a Participant dies or his or her employment is terminated due to Disability or Retirement after the end of the Deferral Performance Period but prior to payment of the Deferred Amount, then the Participant shall continue to be entitled to payment of the Deferred Amount, which shall be paid at the same time and in the same form as payments made to other Participants under Section 8(b). 

v. Change in Control . In the event of a change in control (as defined in the LTIP) during the Deferral Performance Period, then all Participants with a Deferred Amount shall be entitled to payment of such Deferred Amount as soon as practicable following the occurrence of the change in control, but in no event later than 75 days thereafter. 

9. Miscellaneous 

a. Amendment . The Committee may, at any time and from time to time, amend, modify or terminate the Plan and/or any Plan Year Schedule. Termination of the Plan after the end of the Performance Period but before Awards are paid for that Plan Year will not reduce Participants' rights to receive the Annual Amount or, if applicable, the Deferred Amount for such Plan Year. Termination or amendment of the Plan and/or any Plan Year Schedule during the Performance Period may be retroactive to the beginning of the Performance Period, at the discretion of the Committee. If a change in control occurs, no amendment or termination of the Plan after the date of the change in control may adversely affect amounts payable to a Participant without the consent of the Participant. 

b. No Right to Continued Employment . The terms and conditions of the Award, the Award Certificate, any Plan Year Schedule and the Plan shall not be deemed to constitute a contract of employment between the Company or a Subsidiary and a Participant. Such employment is 

hereby acknowledged to be an at will employment relationship that can be terminated at any time for any reason, or no reason, with or without cause, and with or without notice, except as otherwise provided in a written employment agreement. Nothing in any Award, any Award Certificate, any Plan Year Schedule or the Plan shall be deemed to give a Participant the right to be retained in the service of the Company or a Subsidiary as an employee or to interfere with the right of the Company or a Subsidiary to discipline or discharge a Participant at any time. 

c. Withholding Taxes . The Company or a Subsidiary shall deduct the amounts required to be withheld by federal, state or local tax law from the Annual Amount and the Deferred Amount. 

d. Notices . All notices relating to the Plan to the Company shall be in writing and sent to the Director of Human Resources at 220 Liberty Street, Warsaw, NY 14569 or such other address designated by the Company. Notices to the Participant shall be addressed to the Participant at the Participant's home or work address, including via interoffice mail, as it appears on the records of Participant's employer. Any such notices may be made in electronic format or through means of online or other electronic transmission. 

e. Officer Titles . If the Company or the Bank changes the current titles of its officers, the references to specific officer titles in the Plan will be construed to mean the title of the officer in the new or revised system that, in the Company's discretion, most closely approximates the title of the officer under the current system. 

f. Compensation Recovery Policy . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, any amount received under the Plan shall be subject to potential cancellation, recoupment, rescission, payback or other action in accordance with the terms of the Company's compensation recovery policy, if any, or any similar policy that the Company may adopt from time to time (the Policy ). The Participant agrees and consents to the Company's application, implementation and enforcement of (i) the Policy that may apply to the Participant and (ii) any provision of applicable law relating to cancellation, rescission, payback or recoupment of compensation, and expressly agrees that the Company may take such actions as are necessary to effectuate the Policy or applicable law without further consent or action being required by the Participant. To the extent that the terms of the Plan and the Policy or any similar policy conflict, then the terms of such policy shall prevail. 

g. Section 280G of the Code . In the event that the accelerated payment of the Award, together with all other payments and the value of any benefit received or to be received by the Participant, would result in all or a portion of such payment being subject to excise tax (the Excise Tax under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), then the Participant's payment shall be either (a) the full payment or (b) such lesser amount that would result in no portion of the payment being subject to the Excise Tax, whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state, and local employment taxes, income taxes, and the Excise Tax, results in the receipt by the Participant, on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of the payment notwithstanding that all or some portion of the payment may be taxable under Section 4999 of the Code. Any such reduction shall be made by the Company in compliance with all applicable legal authority, including Section 409A (defined below). All determinations required to be made under this Section shall be made by the nationally recognized accounting firm which is the Company's outside auditor immediately prior to the event triggering the payments that are subject to the Excise Tax, which firm must be reasonably acceptable to the Participant (the Accounting Firm ). The Company shall cause the Accounting Firm to provide detailed supporting calculations of its determinations to the Company and the Participant. Notice must be given to the Accounting Firm within 15 business days after an event entitling the 

Participant to a payment under Section 7(c)(iii) or Section 8(c)(iv). All fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm shall be borne solely by the Company. 

h. Section 409A . The compensation under the Plan is intended to be exempt from or comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and any regulations promulgated and other guidance issued thereunder (collectively, Section 409A ), and the Plan shall be administered and interpreted consistent with such intention. The preceding sentences, however, shall not be construed as a guarantee by the Company or any Subsidiary of any particular tax effect to Participants under the Plan. The Company and its Subsidiaries shall not be liable to any Participant for any payment made under the Plan that is determined to result in an additional tax, penalty or interest under Section 409A, nor for reporting in good faith any payment made under the Plan as an amount includible in gross income under Section 409A. 

i. Governing Law . The Plan, to the extent not otherwise governed by the Code or the laws of the United States, shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without reference to principles of conflict of laws, and construed accordingly. 

EXHIBIT A 
 FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, INC. 
 EXECUTIVE INCENTIVE PLAN 
 PLAN YEAR SCHEDULE 

EXHIBIT B 
 FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, INC. 
 EXECUTIVE INCENTIVE PLAN 
 AWARD CERTIFICATE 
 Financial Institutions, Inc., a New York financial holding company (the Company ), hereby grants to the Participant set forth below, as of the Award Date set forth below, a cash Award (the Award ), based on attainment of the Performance Requirements and as determined pursuant to the terms of the Financial Institutions, Inc. Executive Incentive Plan (the Plan and the applicable Plan Year Schedule. 
 Participant Tier :	[__________] 
 Award Date :	[__________] 
 Plan Year :	 [__________] 
 Target Amount :	[__________] 
 The applicable Performance Period, Performance Requirements, Performance Goals, Weighting Percentages and Funding Percentages are set forth in the attached Plan Year Schedule. 

Deferred Amount if applicable Annual Percentage :	[___] Deferral Percentage :	[___] Deferral Performance Period :	[___] Deferral Performance Requirements . The Deferred Amount is subject to the additional Deferral Performance Requirements: a. 

 b. 

The Award is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Award Certificate, the applicable Plan Year Schedule and the Plan. All terms and provisions of the Plan, as the same may be amended from time to time, are incorporated and made part of this Award Certificate. If any provision of this Award Certificate is in conflict with the terms of the Plan, then the terms of the Plan shall govern. All capitalized terms used in this Award Certificate and not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Plan. The Participant hereby expressly acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Award Certificate as of the Award Date. 
 FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, INC. 
 By: ___________________ 
 Name:	___________________ 
 Title: 	___________________ 
 The Participant hereby accepts and agrees to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Award Certificate, the applicable Plan Year Schedule and the Plan. 
 ____________________________				_________________________ 
 Participant Signature						Date 
 
 ____________________________ 
 Participant Name (printed) 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 7
 fisi-ex21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

Exhibit 21 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT 

State or Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

Financial Institutions, Inc. Subsidiaries: 

Five Star Bank 
 
 New York 

SDN Insurance Agency, LLC 
 
 New York 

Courier Capital, LLC 
 
 New York 

HNP Capital, LLC 
 
 New York 

Corn Hill Innovation Labs, LLC 
 
 New York 

Five Star Bank Subsidiaries: 

Five Star REIT, Inc. 
 
 New York 

FSB Mid-Atlantic, LLC 
 
 Virginia 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 8
 fisi-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (No. 333-82202, 333-87338, 333-204446, and 333-260592) on Forms S-8 and the Registration Statement (No. 333-260593) on Form S-3 of Financial Institutions, Inc., of our reports dated March 9, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Financial Institutions, Inc., appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Financial Institutions, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 /s/ RSM US LLP 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 March 9, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 9
 fisi-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Martin K. Birmingham, certify that: 
 1. 	 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Financial Institutions, Inc.; 
 2. 	 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. 	 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. 	 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) 	 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) 	 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) 	 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) 	 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. 	 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) 	 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) 	 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 9, 2023 
 
 /s/ Martin K. Birmingham 

Martin K. Birmingham 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 10
 fisi-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, W. Jack Plants, II, certify that: 
 1. 	 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Financial Institutions, Inc.; 
 2. 	 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. 	 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. 	 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) 	 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) 	 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) 	 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) 	 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. 	 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) 	 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) 	 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 9, 2023 
 
 /s/ W. Jack Plants, II 

W. Jack Plants, II 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 11
 fisi-ex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

Exhibit 32 
 Certification pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as adopted pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Martin K. Birmingham, President and Chief Executive Officer, and W. Jack Plants, II, Chief Financial Officer of Financial Institutions, Inc. (the Company ), each certify in his capacity as an officer of the Company that he has reviewed the Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 and that: 
 1. 	 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 2. 	 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 9, 2023 
 
 /s/ Martin K. Birmingham 

Martin K. Birmingham 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 9, 2023 
 
 /s/ W. Jack Plants, II 

W. Jack Plants, II 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

The purpose of this statement is solely to comply with Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, as amended by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Financial Institutions, Inc. and will be retained by Financial Institutions, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 fisi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 fisi-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 fisi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 fisi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 fisi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

