<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_1736035_0001736035-23-000008.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>54909132</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1881780</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3966260</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>13603141</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>14809931</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>20130718</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001736035-23-000008.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227063637
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001736035-23-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Blackstone Secured Lending Fund
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001736035
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01299
		FILM NUMBER:		23669975

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		345 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		31ST FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10154
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-503-2100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		345 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		31ST FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10154

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Blackstone / GSO Secured Lending Fund
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180329

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001736035-23-000008.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 bxsl-20221231.htm
 10-K

bxsl-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _______________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _______________________________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 _______________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 
 _______________________________________________________________________ (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 _______________________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company 
 and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). YES NO 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the common shares of beneficial interest Common Shares held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was million. 
 The number of the Registrant s Common Shares, 0.001 par value per share, outstanding as of February 22, 2023 was . 

Table of Contents 

Table of Contents Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 27 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 98 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 98 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 98 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 98 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 99 
 Item 6. 
 (Reserved) 
 101 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 102 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 113 
 Item 8. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 115 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 182 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 182 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 184 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 184 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 185 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 192 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 193 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 194 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 195 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 198 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 201 
 SIGNATURES 
 202 

i 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This report contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors and undue reliance should not be placed thereon. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about Blackstone Secured Lending Fund (together, with its consolidated subsidiaries, the Company, we, us, or our ), our current and prospective portfolio investments, our industry, our beliefs and opinions, and our assumptions. Words such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, will, may, continue, believes, seeks, estimates, would, could, should, targets, projects, outlook, potential, predicts and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements, including without limitation: 
 our future operating results; 
 our business prospects and the prospects of the companies in which we may invest; 
 the impact of the investments that we expect to make; 
 our ability to raise sufficient capital and buy back shares to execute our investment strategy; 
 general economic, logistical and political trends and other external factors, including inflation and recent supply chain and labor market disruptions; 
 the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives; 
 our current and expected financing arrangements and investments; 
 changes in the general interest rate environment; 
 the adequacy of our cash resources, financing sources and working capital; 
 the timing and amount of cash flows, distributions and dividends, if any, from our portfolio companies; 
 our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 
 actual and potential conflicts of interest with Blackstone Credit BDC Advisors LLC (the Adviser or any of its affiliates; 
 the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its effect on the industries in which we may invest; 
 our use of financial leverage; 
 our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies, including our and their ability to effectively respond to challenges posed by the novel coronavirus COVID-19 ); 
 the ability of the Adviser to source suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments; 
 the impact of future acquisitions and divestitures; 
 the ability of the Adviser or its affiliates to attract and retain highly talented professionals; 
 general price and volume fluctuations in the stock market; 
 our ability to maintain our qualification as a regulated investment company and as a business development company BDC ); 
 the impact on our business of U.S. and international financial reform legislation, rules and regulations; 
 the effect of changes to tax legislation and our tax position; and 
 the tax status of the enterprises in which we may invest. 
 
 Although we believe that the assumptions on which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate, and as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of any projection or forward-looking statement in this report should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. These risks and uncertainties include those described or identified in the section entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report. These forward-looking statements apply only as of the date of this report. Moreover, we assume no duty and do not undertake to update the forward-looking statements, except as required by applicable law. You are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we make directly to you or through reports that we have filed or in the future file with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC including annual reports on Form 10-K, registration statements on Form N-2, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. This annual report on Form 10-K contains statistics and other data that have been obtained from or compiled from information made available by third-party service providers. We have not independently verified such statistics or data. 
 Because we are an investment company, the forward-looking statements and projections contained in this report are excluded from the safe harbor protection provided by Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Act, as amended (the 1934 Act ). 
 1 

Table of Contents 

Risk Factor Summary 
 The following is only a summary of the principal risks that may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The following should be read in conjunction with the more complete discussion of the risk factors we face, which are set forth in the section entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors in this report. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Structure 
 Price declines in the medium- and large-sized U.S. corporate debt market may adversely affect the fair value of our portfolio and our market price. 
 Our ability to achieve our investment objectives depends on the ability of the Adviser to manage and support our investment process largely through relationships with private equity sponsors, investment banks and commercial banks. 
 Our Board of Trustees Board may change our operating policies and strategies or amend our Declaration of Trust without prior notice or shareholder approval, the effects of which may be adverse to our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We may face increasing competition for investment opportunities, have difficulty sourcing investment opportunities and experience fluctuations in our quarterly results. 
 As required by the 1940 Act (as defined below), a significant portion of our investment portfolio is and will be recorded at fair value as determined in good faith by our Board and, as a result, there is and will be uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments. 
 There is a risk that investors in our shares may not receive distributions or that our distributions may decrease over time. 
 Changes in laws or regulations governing our operations may adversely affect our business, and the impact of financial reform legislation on us is uncertain. 
 General economic conditions could adversely affect the performance of our investments and our market price, including recessionary fears, geopolitical events and inflation. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Investments 
 We generally will not control our portfolio companies and our investments in prospective portfolio companies may be risky. 
 Economic recessions or downturns or restrictions on trade could impair our portfolio companies and adversely affect our operating results. 
 Our portfolio companies may incur debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, our investments in such companies and breach covenants or defaults on such debt. 
 We are exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates. 
 Second priority liens on collateral securing debt investments that we make to our portfolio companies may be subject to control by senior creditors with first priority liens. 
 Our portfolio may be concentrated in a limited number of industries, which may subject us to specific risks. 
 
 Risks Related to the Adviser and Its Affiliates 
 The Adviser and its affiliates, including our officers and some of our trustees, face conflicts of interest caused by compensation arrangements with us and our affiliates, which could result in actions that are not in the best interests of our shareholders. 
 We may be obligated to pay the Adviser incentive compensation even if we incur a net loss due to a decline in the value of our portfolio and the compensation paid to the Adviser is determined without independent assessment. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

The Adviser relies on key personnel, the loss of any of whom could impair its ability to successfully manage us. 
 
 Risks Related to Business Development Companies 
 The requirement that we invest a sufficient portion of our assets in assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act Qualifying Assets could preclude us from investing in accordance with our current business strategy; conversely, the failure to invest a sufficient portion of our assets in Qualifying Assets could result in our failure to maintain our status as a BDC. 
 Regulations governing our operation as a BDC and regulated investment company RIC will affect our ability to raise, and the way in which we raise, additional capital or borrow for investment purposes. 
 
 Risks Related to Debt Financing 
 We borrow money, which magnifies the potential for loss on amounts invested in us and may increase the risk of investing in us. 
 Provisions in a credit facility may limit our investment discretion. 
 We are subject to risks associated with the unsecured notes and debt securitizations that we have issued and our credit facilities. 
 
 Federal Income Tax Risks 
 We will be subject to corporate-level income tax if we are unable to qualify as a RIC under Subchapter M of Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the "Code") or to satisfy RIC distribution requirements. 
 Our portfolio investments may present special tax issues. 
 Legislative or regulatory tax changes could adversely affect investors. 
 
 Risks Related to an Investment in the Common Shares 
 Shares of closed-end management investment companies, including BDCs, often trade at a discount to their net asset value. 
 An investment in our shares involves a high degree of risk and the market price of our securities could fluctuate significantly. 
 There is a risk that investors in our equity securities will not receive distributions or that our distributions do not grow over time and a portion of our distributions could be a return of capital. 
 Website Disclosure 
 We use our website (www.bxsl.com) as a channel of distribution of company information. The information we post through this channel may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor this channel, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and webcasts. The contents of our website are not, however, a part of this report. 
 Other Disclosure 
 To the extent required by laws implementing the European Union Directive on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (the Directive in any relevant European Economic Area member state, the information in respect of the Company required to be disclosed pursuant to Article 23(4) and (5) of the Directive will be made available to each applicable shareholder. In respect of the period ended December 31, 2022, there have been no material changes to the information listed in Article 23 of the Directive. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Our Company 
 Blackstone Secured Lending Fund (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the Company ), is a Delaware statutory trust formed on March 26, 2018, and structured as an externally managed, non-diversified, closed-end management investment company. On October 26, 2018, the Company elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the 1940 Act ). In addition, the Company has elected to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and intends to qualify annually, as a regulated investment company (a RIC under the Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the Code ). 
 We are externally managed by Blackstone Credit BDC Advisors LLC (the Adviser ). Blackstone Alternative Credit Advisors LP (the Administrator and, collectively with its affiliates in the credit-focused business of Blackstone Inc. Blackstone ), Blackstone Credit, which, for the avoidance of doubt, excludes Harvest Fund Advisors LLC and Blackstone Insurance Solutions) provides certain administrative and other services necessary for the Company to operate pursuant to an administration agreement (the Administration Agreement ). Blackstone Credit is part of the credit-focused platform of Blackstone and is the primary part of its "Credit Insurance" reporting segment. 
 first lien senior secured investments and unitranche loans, second lien debt investments and in equity instruments. As of December 31, 2022, 99.9 of our debt investments were floating rate in nature (93.1 of which had an interest rate floor above zero) and the weighted average yield on our income producing investments was at fair value. As of December 31, 2022 we had investments in 176 portfolio companies, with an average debt investment size in each of our portfolio companies of approximately 56.33 million based on fair value. 
 As a BDC, at least 70 of our assets must be the type of qualifying assets listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, as described herein, which are generally privately-offered securities issued by U.S. private or thinly-traded companies. We may also invest up to 30 of our portfolio opportunistically in non-qualifying portfolio investments, such as investments in non-U.S. companies. We generally intend to distribute substantially all of our available earnings annually by making quarterly cash distributions. We use leverage and intend to continue to use leverage for our investment activities. We use and intend to continue to use leverage, which is permitted up to the maximum amount allowed by the 1940 Act (currently limited to a debt-to-equity ratio of 2:1), to enhance potential returns. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources Borrowings . 
 Effective on December 10, 2020, we changed our name from Blackstone / GSO Secured Lending Fund to Blackstone Secured Lending Fund. 
 On October 28, 2021, the Company priced its initial public offering IPO ), issuing 9,180,000 of its common shares of beneficial interest at a public offering price of 26.15 per share. Net of underwriting fees, the Company received net cash proceeds, before offering expenses, of 230.6 million. On November 4, 2021, the underwriters in the IPO exercised their option to purchase an additional 1,377,000 shares of common shares, which resulted in net cash proceeds, before offering expenses, of 33.8 million. The Company s common shares began trading on the NYSE under the symbol BXSL on October 28, 2021. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Our Investment Adviser 
 Our investment activities are managed by our Adviser, a subsidiary of Blackstone Alternative Credit Advisors LP, the primary investment manager for Blackstone Credit. The principal executive offices of our Adviser are located at 345 Park Avenue, 31st Floor New York, NY, 10154. Our Adviser is responsible for originating prospective investments, conducting research and due diligence investigations on potential investments, analyzing investment opportunities, negotiating and structuring our investments and monitoring our investments and portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. 
 In conducting our investment activities, we believe that we benefit from the significant scale and resources of Blackstone Credit, including our Adviser and its affiliates, subject to the policies and procedures of Blackstone regarding the management of conflicts of interest. In order to source transactions, the Adviser utilizes its significant access to transaction flow, along with its trading platform. The Adviser seeks to generate investment opportunities through direct origination channels as well as through syndicate and club deals. With respect to Blackstone Credit s origination channel, the global presence of Blackstone Credit generates access to a substantial amount of directly originated transactions with what we believe to be attractive investment characteristics. With respect to syndicate and club deals (i.e., where a limited number of investors participate in a loan transaction), Blackstone Credit has built a network of relationships with commercial and investment banks, finance companies and other investment funds as a result of the long track record of its investment professionals in the leveraged finance marketplace. Blackstone Credit also has a significant trading platform, which, we believe, allows us access to the secondary market for investment opportunities. Blackstone Credit employs a rigorous investment process and defensive investment approach to evaluate all potential opportunities with a focus on long-term credit performance and principal protection. The investment professionals employed by Blackstone Credit have spent their careers developing the resources necessary to invest in private companies. Before undertaking an investment, the Adviser s transaction team conducts a thorough and rigorous due diligence review of the opportunity to ensure the portfolio company fits our investment strategy. 
 Our Adviser s investment committee (the Investment Committee is responsible for reviewing and approving our investment opportunities. The Adviser s Investment Committee review process is consensus-driven, multi-step and iterative, and occurs in parallel with the diligence and structuring of investments. Others who participate in the Investment Committee process include the team responsible for conducting due diligence, others on the investing team and other senior members of Blackstone and Blackstone Credit. There are no representatives from other business groups of Blackstone involved in the Adviser s Investment Committee process. 
 We have agreed to pay our Adviser a management fee at an annual rate of 1.0 of the average value of our gross assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters. We also pay the Adviser an income based incentive fee based on our aggregate pre-incentive fee net investment income from the calendar quarter then ending and the eleven preceding calendar quarters. See Investment Advisory Agreement for more information. 
 The members of the senior management and Investment Team of the Adviser serve or may serve as officers, directors or principals of entities that operate in the same or a related line of business as we do, or of investment funds managed by the same personnel. As a result, the Adviser, its officers and employees and certain of its affiliates will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time between us and other activities in which they are or may become involved, including the management of its affiliated equipment funds. See Allocation of Investment Opportunities and Potential Conflicts of Interests and Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to the Adviser and Its Affiliates 
 Our Administrator 
 Blackstone Alternative Credit Advisors LP, a Delaware limited partnership, serves as our Administrator. The principal executive offices of our Administrator are located at 345 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10154. We reimburse the Administrator for its costs, expenses and allocable overhead (including rent, office equipment and utilities) in connection with administrative services performed for us. See Administration Agreement . 
 Blackstone Credit 
 Blackstone Credit is part of the credit-focused platform of Blackstone, which is the largest alternative asset manager in the world with leading investment businesses across asset classes. Blackstone s platform provides significant competitive advantages including scale, expertise across industries and capital structures, and deep relationships with companies and financial sponsors. 
 Blackstone s four business segments are real estate, private equity, credit and insurance, and hedge fund solutions. Through its different investment businesses, as of December 31, 2022, Blackstone had total assets under management of approximately 975 billion. As of December 31, 2022, Blackstone Credit s asset management operation had aggregate assets 
 5 

Table of Contents 

under management of approximately 246 billion across multiple strategies within the leveraged finance marketplace, including loans, high yield bonds, distressed and mezzanine debt and private equity, including hedge funds, and approximately 280 billion with the inclusion of Harvest and BIS. Blackstone Credit, through its affiliates, employed 518 people headquartered in New York, with offices in London, Dublin, Houston, Baltimore, San Francisco, Chicago, Miami, Toronto, Frankfurt, Madrid, Milan, Paris, Sydney, Hong Kong, Tokyo and Singapore as of January 1, 2023. Blackstone Credit s 138-person private credit investment team (excluding Dwight Scott, Global Head of Blackstone Credit) is supported by a 56-person Chief Investment Office team, which consists of individuals focused on Investment Process, Portfolio Management, Asset Management, Capital Formation, Insurance Portfolios, and Data Sciences. Blackstone Credit s Senior Managing Directors have on average 24 years of industry experience. Since inception, Blackstone Credit has originated over 149 billion in private credit transactions and during 2022, Blackstone Credit originated over 34 billion in private credit transactions . Blackstone Credit believes that the depth and breadth of its team provides it with a significant competitive advantage in sourcing product on a global basis, structuring transactions and actively managing investments in the portfolio. 
 Market Opportunity 
 We believe that there are and will continue to be significant investment opportunities in the targeted asset classes discussed below. 
 Attractive Opportunities in Senior Secured Loans 
 We believe that opportunities in senior secured loans are significant because of the strong defensive characteristics of this asset class. While there is inherent risk in investing in any securities, senior secured debt is on the top of the capital structure and thus has priority in payment among an issuer s security holders (i.e. senior secured debt holders are due to receive payment before junior creditors and equity holders). Further, these investments are secured by the issuer s assets, which may be collateralized in the event of a default, if necessary. Senior secured debt often has restrictive covenants for the purpose of additional principal protection and ensuring repayment before junior creditors (i.e. most types of unsecured bondholders, and other security holders) and preserving collateral to protect against credit deterioration. 
 Opportunity in U.S. Private Companies 
 In addition to investing in senior secured loans generally, we believe that the market for lending to private companies, which includes middle market private companies within the United States, is underserved and presents a compelling investment opportunity. We believe that the following characteristics support our belief: 
 Secular Tailwinds in the Private Market, Including Private Credit. One of the important drivers of growth in the strategy is the increasing secular tailwinds in the private markets (i.e., social or economic trends positively impacting private markets), including growing demand for private credit, which has created attractive opportunities for private capital providers like Blackstone Credit. As of December 31, 2022, private equity funds with strategies focused on leveraged buyouts in North America had approximately 579.1 billion of dry powder (i.e., uncalled capital commitments), which should similarly drive demand for private capital providers like Blackstone Credit. 1 This shift is partially due to traditional banks continuing to face regulatory limitations and retreating from the space, creating additional opportunities for private credit to take advantage of. Further, financial sponsors and companies are becoming increasingly interested in working directly with private lenders as they are seeing the tremendous benefits versus accessing the public credit markets. The Company believes some of these benefits include faster execution and greater certainty, ability to partner with sophisticated lenders, more efficient process, and in some instances fewer regulatory requirements. As a result, Blackstone Credit benefits from increasing flow of larger scale deals that have become increasingly available to direct lending universe over traditional banks and other financing institutions. 
 
 Attractive Market Segment. We believe that the underserved nature of such a large segment of the market can at times create a significant opportunity for investment. In many environments, we believe that private companies are more likely to offer attractive economics in terms of transaction pricing, up-front and ongoing fees, prepayment penalties and security features in the form of stricter covenants and quality collateral than loans to public companies. 
 Limited Investment Competition. Despite the size of the market, we believe that regulatory changes and other factors have diminished the role of traditional financial institutions and certain other capital providers in providing financing to companies. As tracked by Leverage Commentary Data (LCD), private credit markets financed 274 leveraged buyouts LBO (83 of total LBOs in 2022) compared to the publicly syndicated markets, which financed only 56 (17 of total LBOs in 2022). In addition, due to bank consolidation, the number of banks has also rapidly declined, furthering the lack of 
 
 1 Source : Preqin, December 2022. Represents dry powder (i.e., uncalled capital commitments) for private equity buyouts in North America. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

supply in financing to private companies. As of July 2020, there were approximately 4,375 banks in the U.S., which was only one-third of the number of banks in 1984, according to Federal Reserve Economic Data. 
 We also believe that lending and originating new loans to private companies generally requires a greater dedication of the lender s time and resources compared to lending to public companies, due in part to the size of each investment and the often fragmented nature of information available from these companies. Further, we believe that many investment firms lack the breadth and scale necessary to identify investment opportunities, particularly in regards to directly originated investments in private companies, and thus attractive investment opportunities are often overlooked. 
 Blackstone Credit Strengths 
 Blackstone Credit is one of the largest private credit investment platforms globally and a key player in the direct lending space. Blackstone Credit has experience scaling funds across its platform that invest throughout all parts of the capital structure. Blackstone Credit strives to focus on transactions where it can differentiate itself from other providers of capital, targeting large transactions and those where Blackstone Credit can bring its expertise and experience in negotiating and structuring. We believe that Blackstone Credit has the scale and platform to effectively manage a U.S. private credit investment strategy, offering investors the following potential strengths: 
 Ability to Provide Scale, Differentiated Capital Solutions . We believe that the breadth and scale of Blackstone Credit s approximately 246 billion platform, as of December 31, 2022, and affiliation with Blackstone are distinct strengths when sourcing proprietary investment opportunities and provide Blackstone Credit with a differentiated capability to invest in large, complex opportunities. Blackstone Credit is invested in over 3,100 corporate issuers across its portfolios globally and has focused primarily on the non-investment grade corporate credit market since its inception in 2005. 2 Blackstone Credit expects that in the current environment, in which committed capital from banks remains scarce, the ability to provide flexible, well-structured capital commitments in appropriate sizes will enable Blackstone Credit to command more favorable terms for its investments. Blackstone Credit seeks to generate investment opportunities through its direct origination channels and through syndicate and club deals (generally, investments made by a small group of investment firms). With respect to Blackstone Credit s origination channel, we seek to leverage the global presence of Blackstone Credit to generate access to a substantial amount of directly originated transactions with attractive investment characteristics. We believe that the broad network of Blackstone Credit provides a significant pipeline of investment opportunities for us. With respect to syndicate and club deals, Blackstone Credit has built a network of relationships with commercial and investment banks, finance companies and other investment funds as a result of the long track record of its investment professionals in the leveraged finance marketplace. Blackstone Credit also has a significant trading platform, which, we believe, allows us access to the secondary market for investment opportunities. 
 Established Origination Platform with Strong Credit Expertise . As of December 31, 2022, Blackstone Credit employed 518 people headquartered in New York, with offices in London, Dublin, Houston, Baltimore, San Francisco, Chicago, Miami, Toronto, Frankfurt, Madrid, Milan, Paris, Sydney, Hong Kong, Tokyo and Singapore as of January 1, 2023. Blackstone Credit s 138-person private credit investment team (excluding Dwight Scott, Global Head of Blackstone Credit) is supported by a 56-person Chief Investment Office team, which consists of individuals focused on Investment Process, Portfolio Management, Asset Management, Capital Formation, Insurance Portfolios, and Data Sciences. Blackstone Credit s Senior Managing Directors have on average 24 years of industry experience. Since inception, Blackstone Credit has originated over 149 billion in private credit transactions and during 2022, Blackstone Credit originated over 34 billion in private credit transactions 3 . We believe that Blackstone Credit s strong reputation and longstanding relationships with corporate boards, management teams, leveraged buyout sponsors, financial advisors, and intermediaries position Blackstone Credit as a partner and counterparty of choice and provides us with attractive sourcing capabilities. In Blackstone Credit s experience, these relationships help drive substantial proprietary deal flow and insight into investment opportunities. 
 
 Blackstone Credit believes that having one team responsible for alternatives private origination allows us to leverage the strengths and experiences of investment professionals to deliver the leading financing solutions to our companies. The team has operated through multiple industry cycles, with deep credit expertise, providing them valuable experience and a long-term view of the market. The team is also focused on making investments in what are characterized as good neighborhoods, which 
 
 2 As of December 31, 2022. Reflects unique corporate issuers across funds and accounts managed by Liquid Credit Strategies and Private Credit Strategies. 
 3 As of December 31, 2022. Includes invested and committed capital for privately originated and anchor investments across private credit strategies and vehicles since 2005, including Direct Lending, Sustainable Resources, Mezzanine, and Opportunistic. Excludes liquid credit strategy investments. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

are industries experiencing favorable tailwinds, such as life sciences, software technology, and renewable energy. In addition, the team is able to leverage the expertise of other parts of Blackstone s business that specialize in these fields. 
 
 Additionally, over the last several years, Blackstone Credit has also expanded its U.S. origination and sponsor coverage footprint with regional offices opened in select markets. Blackstone Credit has investment professionals across the U.S. and Europe and has developed a reputation for being a valued partner, with the ability to provide speed, creativity, and assurance of transaction execution. We believe that establishing this regional presence in the U.S. may help us more effectively source investment opportunities from mid-sized leveraged buyout sponsors as well as direction from companies, while potentially strengthening the Blackstone Credit brand. 
 
 Value-Added Capital Provider and Partner Leveraging the Blackstone Credit Advantage Program. Blackstone Credit has established a reputation for providing creative, value-added solutions to address a company s financing requirements and believes our ability to solve a need for a company can lead to attractive investment opportunities. In addition, Blackstone Credit has access to the significant resources of the Blackstone platform, including the Blackstone Advantage Program Blackstone Advantage ), which refers to the active management of the Blackstone portfolio company network, including cross-selling efforts across all of Blackstone, and aims to ensure practice sharing, operational, and commercial synergies among portfolio companies, effective deployment of Blackstone resources, and communication of the program with businesses and partners, and the Blackstone Credit Advantage Program Blackstone Credit Advantage ), which is a global platform that provides access to a range of cost saving, revenue generating and best practice sharing opportunities. Specifically, Blackstone Credit Advantage provides (i) partnership and best practices for portfolio companies by offering invaluable access to industry and function experts both within the Blackstone organization (including the Blackstone Portfolio Operations team) and the network among portfolio companies; (ii) cross selling opportunities across Blackstone and Blackstone Credit portfolio companies; (iii) industry knowledge via leadership summits and roundtables; and (iv) quarterly reports sharing meaningful insights from CEOs on business and economic trends. Finally, one of the most important benefits of the program is Blackstone s GPO, which is a collective purchasing platform that leverages the scale and buying power of the 5.9 billion of estimated total spending of Blackstone s portfolio companies with strategic partners and vendors measured over the past 10+ years. Blackstone and Blackstone Credit portfolio companies have generated significant cost savings through their use of the GPO, up to 40 , often from existing suppliers, on maintenance, repair, operations, back office, information technology, hardware, software, telecommunications, business insurance and human resources, among others. The benefits of working with Blackstone s GPO can include improved pricing and terms, differentiated service, and ongoing service that drops straight to the bottom line. As of December 31, 2022, Blackstone Advantage has grown revenue by over 500 million for Blackstone portfolio companies and Blackstone Credit Advantage has reduced annual costs by 249 million. The dedicated Blackstone Credit operational program provides support to portfolio companies and has created approximately 3 billion in value. 4 Blackstone Advantage has 112 internal Blackstone resources available to our portfolio companies as of December 31, 2022. 
 Flexible Investment Approach . Blackstone Credit believes that the ability to invest opportunistically throughout a capital structure is a meaningful strength when sourcing transactions and enables the Company to seek investments that provide the best risk/return proposition in any given transaction. Blackstone Credit s creativity and flexibility with regard to deal-structuring distinguishes it from other financing sources, including traditional mezzanine providers, whose investment mandates are typically more restrictive. Over time, Blackstone Credit has demonstrated the ability to negotiate favorable terms for its investments by providing creative structures that add value for an issuer. Blackstone Credit will continue to seek to use this flexible investment approach to focus on principal preservation, while generating attractive returns throughout different economic and market cycles. 
 Long-Term Investment Horizon . Our long-term investment horizon gives us great flexibility, which we believe allows us to maximize returns on our investments. Unlike most private equity and venture capital funds, as well as many private debt funds, we will not be required to return capital to our shareholders once we exit a portfolio investment. We believe that freedom from such capital return requirements, which allows us to invest using a long-term focus, provides us with an attractive opportunity to increase total returns on invested capital. 
 Disciplined Investment Process and Income-Oriented Investment Philosophy . Blackstone Credit employs a rigorous investment process and defensive investment approach to evaluate all potential opportunities with a focus on long-term credit performance and principal protection. We believe Blackstone Credit has generated attractive risk-adjusted returns in its investing activities throughout many economic and credit cycles by (i) maintaining its investment discipline; (ii) performing intensive credit work; (iii) carefully structuring transactions; and (iv) actively managing its portfolios. Blackstone Credit s investment approach involves a multi-stage selection process for each investment opportunity, as well as ongoing monitoring of each investment made, with particular emphasis on early detection of deteriorating credit conditions at portfolio companies, 
 
 4 Value creation represents 249 million of total annual savings as of December 31, 2022, representing estimated savings utilizing the Blackstone Credit Advantage program at the time cost is benchmarked with portfolio companies. Savings improved portfolio company EBITDA and created value assuming a 12x average EBITDA multiple. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

which would result in adverse portfolio developments. This strategy is designed to maximize current income and minimize the risk of capital loss while maintaining the potential for long-term capital appreciation. Additionally, Blackstone Credit s senior investment professionals have dedicated their careers to the leveraged finance and private equity sectors and we believe that their experience in due diligence, credit analysis and ongoing management of investments is invaluable to the success of the U.S. direct lending investment strategy. Blackstone Credit generally targets businesses with leading market share positions, sustainable barriers to entry, high free cash flow generation, strong asset values, liquidity to withstand market cycles, favorable underlying industry trends, strong internal controls and high-quality management teams. 
 Strong Investment Track Record. Blackstone Credit s track record in private debt lending and investing in below investment grade credit dates back to the inception of Blackstone Credit. Since 2005 through December 31, 2022, Blackstone Credit has provided approximately 149 billion in capital in privately-originated transactions 5 . Blackstone Credit has approximately 170 billion of investor capital currently deployed. 6 
 Efficient Cost Structure. We believe that we have an efficient cost structure, as compared to other publicly traded BDCs, with low management fees, expenses, and financing costs. We believe our operating efficiency and senior investment strategy enable us to generate greater risk-adjusted investment returns for our investors relative to other publicly traded BDCs. 
 
 Scale. Scale allows for more resources to source, diligence and monitor investments, and enables us to move up market where there is often less competition. 
 Investment Strategy 
 Our investment objectives are to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, long-term capital appreciation. We seek to meet our investment objectives by: 
 utilizing the experience and expertise of the management team of the Adviser, along with the broader resources of Blackstone Credit, which include its access to the relationships and human capital of Blackstone Credit s parent, Blackstone, in sourcing, evaluating and structuring transactions, subject to Blackstone s policies and procedures regarding the management of conflicts of interest; 
 employing a defensive investment approach focused on long-term credit performance and principal protection, generally lending on what the Adviser believes are (i) protective multiples of the borrower s earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA to its interest coverage obligations, (ii) conservative loan-to-value ratios and (iii) favorable financial covenant protections; 
 focusing primarily on loans and securities of private U.S. companies, including syndicated loans, specifically small and middle market companies. In many market environments, we believe such a focus offers an opportunity for superior risk-adjusted returns; 
 
 maintaining rigorous portfolio monitoring in an attempt to anticipate and pre-empt negative credit events within our portfolio; and 
 
 utilizing the power and scale of Blackstone and the Blackstone Credit platform to offer operational expertise to portfolio companies through the Blackstone Credit Advantage Program. 
 Under normal market conditions, we generally invest at least 80 of our total assets (net assets plus borrowings for investment purposes) in secured debt investments (including investments that are secured by equity interests). Our portfolio is composed primarily of first lien senior secured and unitranche loans (including first out/last out loans). To a lesser extent, we have and may continue to also invest in second lien, third lien, unsecured or subordinated loans and other debt and equity securities. We do not currently focus on investments in issuers that are distressed or in need of rescue financing. Subject to the limitations of the 1940 Act, we may invest in loans or other securities the proceeds of which may refinance or otherwise repay debt or securities of companies whose debt is owned by other Blackstone Credit funds. 
 
 5 Includes invested and committed capital for privately originated and anchor investments across private credit strategies and vehicles since 2005, including Direct Lending, Sustainable Resources, Mezzanine, and Opportunistic. Excludes liquid credit strategy investments. 
 6 As of December 31, 2022. Investor capital deployed as of December 31, 2022, consists of fee earning AUM of 97 billion for Liquid Credit Strategies and 73 billion for Private Credit and other liquid funds (inclusive of leverage). 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Although we do not expect a significant portion of our portfolio to be composed of second lien, third lien, unsecured or subordinated loans, there is no limit on the amount of such loans in which we may invest, subject to compliance with our 80 policy. We may purchase interests in loans or make other debt investments, including investments in senior secured bonds, through secondary market transactions in the over-the-counter market or directly from our target companies as primary market, directly originated or syndicated investments. In connection with our debt investments, we may on occasion receive equity interests such as warrants or options as additional consideration. We have and may continue to also purchase or otherwise acquire minority interests in the form of common or preferred equity or equity-related securities, such as rights and warrants that may be converted into or exchanged for our common shares or other equity or the cash value of shares or other equity, in our target companies, generally in conjunction with one of our debt investments or through a co-investment with a financial sponsor, such as an institutional investor or private equity firm, or a finance company transaction (such as a joint venture). In addition, a portion of our portfolio may be composed of unsecured bonds, CLOs, other debt securities and derivatives, including total return swaps and credit default swaps. Depending on market conditions, we may increase or decrease our exposure to less senior portions of the capital structure or otherwise make opportunistic investments. 
 Investment Selection 
 When identifying prospective investment opportunities, the Adviser currently intends to rely on fundamental credit analysis in order to minimize the loss of the Company s capital. The Adviser expects to invest in companies possessing the following attributes, which it believes will help achieve our investment objectives: 
 Leading, Defensible Market Positions. The Adviser intends to invest in companies that it believes have developed strong positions within their respective markets and exhibit the potential to maintain sufficient cash flows and profitability to service their obligations in a range of economic environments. The Adviser will seek companies that it believes possess advantages in scale, scope, customer loyalty, product pricing, or product quality versus their competitors, thereby minimizing business risk and protecting profitability. 
 Proven Management Teams. The Adviser focuses on investments in which the target company has an experienced and high-quality management team with an established track record of success. The Adviser typically requires companies to have in place proper incentives to align management s goals with the Company s goals. 
 
 Private Equity Sponsorship. Often the Adviser seeks to participate in transactions sponsored by what it believes to be high-quality private equity firms. The Adviser believes that a private equity sponsor s willingness to invest significant sums of equity capital into a company is an implicit endorsement of the quality of the investment. Further, private equity sponsors of companies with significant investments at risk generally have the ability and a strong incentive to contribute additional capital in difficult economic times should operational issues arise, which could provide additional protections for our investments. 
 
 Diversification. The Adviser seeks to invest broadly among companies and industries, thereby potentially reducing the risk of a downturn in any one company or industry having a disproportionate impact on the value of the Company s portfolio. 
 
 Viable Exit Strategy. In addition to payments of principal and interest, we expect the primary methods for the strategy to realize returns on our investments include refinancings, sales of portfolio companies, and in some cases initial public offerings and secondary offerings. While many debt instruments in which we will invest have stated maturities of five to eight years, we expect the majority to be redeemed or sold prior to maturity. These instruments often have call protection that requires an issuer to pay a premium if it redeems in the early years of an investment. The Investment Team regularly reviews investments and related market conditions in order to determine if an opportunity exists to realize returns on a particular investment. We believe the ability to utilize the entire resources of Blackstone Credit, including the public market traders and research analysts, allows the Adviser to gain access to current market information where the opportunity may exist to sell positions into the market at attractive prices. 
 Investment Process Overview 
 Our investment activities are managed by our Adviser. The Adviser is responsible for originating prospective investments, conducting research and due diligence investigations on potential investments, analyzing investment opportunities, negotiating and structuring our investments and monitoring our investments and portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

The investment professionals employed by Blackstone Credit have spent their careers developing the resources necessary to invest in private companies. Our transaction process is highlighted below. 
 
 Sourcing and Origination 
 In order to source transactions, the Adviser utilizes its significant access to transaction flow, along with its trading platform. The Adviser seeks to generate investment opportunities primarily through direct origination channels, and also through syndicate and club deals. With respect to Blackstone Credit s origination channel, the global presence of Blackstone Credit generates access to a substantial amount of directly originated transactions with what we believe to be attractive investment characteristics. With respect to syndicate and club deals, Blackstone Credit has built a network of relationships with commercial and investment banks, finance companies and other investment funds as a result of the long track record of its investment professionals in the leveraged finance marketplace. We believe that Blackstone Credit s strong reputation and longstanding relationships with its broad network will help drive substantial proprietary deal flow and provide a significant pipeline of investment opportunities for us. 
 Evaluation 
 Initial Review . The Investment Team examines information furnished by the target company and external sources, including banks, advisors and rating agencies, if applicable, to determine whether the investment meets our basic investment criteria within the context of proper allocation of our portfolio among various issuers and industries, and offers an acceptable probability of attractive returns with identifiable downside risk. In the case of directly originated transactions, Blackstone Credit conducts detailed due diligence investigations. For the majority of securities available on the secondary market, a comprehensive analysis is conducted and continuously maintained by a dedicated Blackstone Credit research analyst, the results of which are available for the transaction team to review. 
 Credit Analysis/Due Diligence . Before undertaking an investment, the Investment Team conducts a thorough and rigorous due diligence review of the opportunity to ensure the company fits our investment strategy for originated investments, which may include. but are not limited to: 
 a full operational analysis to identify the key risks and opportunities of the target s business, including a detailed review of historical and projected financial results; 
 a detailed analysis of industry and customer dynamics, competitive position, regulatory, tax, legal and environmental, social and governance matters; 
 on-site visits and customer and supplier reference calls, if deemed necessary; 
 background checks to further evaluate management and other key personnel; 
 a review by legal and accounting professionals, environmental or other industry consultants, if necessary; 
 financial sponsor due diligence, including portfolio company and lender reference checks, if necessary; and 
 a review of management s experience and track record. 
 Third parties are often involved in the Adviser s due diligence process, whether they are hired by the Adviser or by the lead sponsor in a transaction. Utilizing consultants to help evaluate a business and test an investment thesis is typically very beneficial. When possible, the Adviser seeks to structure transactions in such a way that our target companies are required to bear the costs of due diligence, including those costs related to any outside consulting work we may require. 
 The foregoing initial assessment is then followed by extensive credit analysis, including asset valuation, financial analysis, cash flow analysis and scenario analysis, legal and accounting review, and comparable credit and equity analyses. A thorough assessment of structure and leverage of a transaction and how the particular investment fits into the overall investment strategy of the portfolio is conducted. Blackstone Credit s typical diligence process for an originated investment opportunity spans two to six months, from the initial screen through final approval and funding. Depending on the deal, each investment 
 11 

Table of Contents 

team typically consists of three to four investment professionals, consisting of a portfolio manager, managing director, principal or vice president and associate and/or analyst. 
 Blackstone Credit s due diligence emphasizes the following key criteria to facilitate decisions by the Investment Committee (described below) on an investment: 
 Valuation: What is the intrinsic value of the business? How has the business historically generated returns on capital? Will these returns continue in the future? What growth opportunities does the business have, if any? And, most importantly, is the investment being purchased at a deep discount to long-term intrinsic value? 
 Return Hurdles : Is the investment expected to generate a rate of return that meets the Company's objectives? 
 Risk of Principal Loss Risk/Reward : What is the expected recovery in a severe downside case? Does the expected upside appropriately compensate for risk of loss? 
 Company Analysis : Does the business have a reason to exist? Does it provide needed products and services? Does it have strong business characteristics such as high relative market share and a defensible niche? 
 Industry Analysis : What is the expected time and depth of cyclical downturn? Is the distress related to cyclical or secular issues? Is there a favorable industry structure with respect to customers, suppliers and regulation? 
 Due Diligence : Do we have sufficient information to make an informed investment decision? 
 Catalyst : What steps are required to complete a reorganization, eliminate financial distress, gain control and implement improved business strategies? 
 Exit Plan : Do we expect refinancings, a sale of the company, or other exit opportunities? 
 Investment Committee Process . The Investment Committee review process is multi-step and iterative, and occurs in parallel with the diligence and structuring of investments. The initial investment screening process involves an Investment Committee heads-up (the Heads-Up review presentation by the portfolio manager and members of the investment team. The Heads-Up review involves the production of a short memo with a focus on the following diligence items: an early diligence review of the underlying business fundamentals; expected return potential; expected investment size; assessment of key risks; and an appropriate initial diligence plan. At this point in the decision-making process, the Investment Committee will decide whether or not the Investment Team should proceed with deeper diligence on the investment opportunity. 
 Once in-depth diligence has begun, the investment team presents updates at the weekly Investment Committee meetings. The senior team reviews all activity for the prior week, with a focus on detailed updates of ongoing situations and in-depth review of all new investment opportunities. The type of diligence materials reviewed at these meetings for each company may include, but are not limited to: 
 Detailed historical financial performance 
 Financial models with detailed revenue drivers 
 This includes the construction of a base case, a downside case and specifically tailored cases. This process includes probability-weighted analysis and a range of outcomes analysis. 
 Quarterly liquidity analyses 
 Industry analysis incorporating internal and external work from research analysts and industry consultants 
 Competitive position and market share analysis 
 Customer analysis, including revenue, profitability and concentration risk 
 Pricing and volume analyses 
 Detailed fixed vs. variable cost analysis, and line item analysis of cost of goods sold as well as selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Public and private credit and equity comparable analysis 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Accounting quality of earnings analysis 
 Legal due diligence 
 
 The ultimate results and findings of the investment analysis are compiled in comprehensive investment memoranda that are used as the basis to support the investment thesis and are utilized by the Investment Committee (or the applicable delegates or sub-committees as described below) for final investment review and approval. Each investment requires the consent of the Investment Committee, which may emphasize the following key criteria (among others) in making a decision: 
 Company Analysis: Does the company meet the investment criteria defined by the Blackstone Credit Scorecard ?: 
 Leading market share position 
 Sustainable barriers to entry that drive pricing power 
 High-quality management team 
 Stable financials: strong free cash flow generation, high earnings before interest and tax margins 
 Conservative capital structure with underlying equity value 
 Liquidity to withstand market cycles 
 Industry Analysis: Is there a favorable industry structure with respect to customers, suppliers and regulation? 
 Due Diligence: Have we fully diligenced each of the investment criteria specified by the Blackstone Credit Scorecard? Have we completely vetted each of the risk factors identified throughout the diligence and Investment Committee process? 
 Valuation: What is the intrinsic value of the business? How has the business historically generated returns on capital? Will these returns continue in the future? What growth opportunities does the business have, if any? Is there substantial equity value to support the capital structure? 
 Risk of Principal Loss Risk/Reward: What is the expected recovery in a severe downside case? Does the expected upside appropriately compensate for risk of loss? 
 Return Hurdles: Is the investment expected to generate a rate of return that meets the Company s objectives? 
 Exit Plan: Do we expect refinancings, a sale of the company, or other exit opportunities? 
 The Investment Committee utilizes a consensus-driven approach and currently consists of the following senior investment professionals: Dwight Scott, Brad Marshall, Robert Zable, Michael Zawadzki, Dan Smith, Rob Horn, Rob Petrini, Louis Salvatore and Paulo Eapen. Others who participate in the Investment Committee process include the members of the Investment Team responsible for sourcing, analyzing and conducting due diligence on the investment and other senior members of Blackstone Credit. For certain investments, generally smaller investments where the Company is participating alongside other lenders in a club deal, providing an anchor order or purchasing broadly syndicated loans, the Investment Committee has delegated the authority to make an investment decision to a sub-committee of the full Investment Committee. For broadly syndicated loan investments made by the Company alongside funds within Blackstone Credit s Liquid Credit Strategies, the portfolio managers of the Company may conduct a joint investment committee with the Liquid Credit Strategies business that follows the investment committee process for the Liquid Credit Strategies business in lieu of the Investment Committee process described above. There are no representatives from other business groups of Blackstone involved in the Company s Investment Committee process. 
 Monitoring 
 Portfolio Monitoring . Active management of our investments is performed by the team responsible for making the initial investment. The Adviser believes that actively managing an investment allows the Investment Team to identify problems early and work with companies to develop constructive solutions when necessary. The Adviser will monitor our portfolio with a focus toward anticipating negative credit events. In seeking to maintain portfolio company performance and help to ensure a successful exit, the Adviser will work closely with, as applicable, the lead equity sponsor, loan syndicator, portfolio company management, consultants, advisers and other security holders to discuss financial position, compliance with covenants, financial requirements and execution of the company s business plan. In addition, depending on the size, nature and performance of the 
 13 

Table of Contents 

transaction, we may occupy a seat or serve as an observer on a portfolio company s board of directors or similar governing body. 
 Watch List . Typically for its portfolio companies, Blackstone Credit establishes at closing a number of reporting and management tools. These tools include regular reporting on portfolio composition and reporting, calls with CEOs and detailed reports and calls with senior management on a regular basis, and quarterly in-person board meetings and board presentations. All reports and presentations are designed with Blackstone Credit input based on its past experience with private investments. These tools allow Blackstone Credit to identify problems quickly and work to fix them before they impair an investment. In addition, Blackstone Credit maintains a watch list for each business under-performing its expectations. Blackstone Credit seeks to approach each situation with the view that working closely with senior management and the shareholders of the company on strategies to remedy problems will ultimately maximize value realization. When, in order to maximize our recovery, Blackstone Credit is forced to take positions inconsistent with the company s shareholders, Blackstone Credit expects to act quickly to enforce its rights. 
 Blackstone Credit strives to position itself to be able to identify and manage the process surrounding a troubled portfolio company. When companies under-perform, Blackstone Credit generally increases its involvement in the business and works closely with senior management to develop plans to help get performance on track. Blackstone Credit will request more information and will enhance our information quality so that we are aware of any developments. Blackstone Credit s Investment Committee process is designed to identify red flags of a potential opportunity early and to leverage the collective knowledge of its prior experiences. Blackstone Credit believes that vetting all investments through its Investment Committee, which has deep expertise across industries, differentiates Blackstone Credit and can help it avoid mistakes. Additionally, Blackstone Credit may provide guidance on key management hires or supplement the portfolio company s board with relevant industry people that Blackstone Credit has worked with previously to engage more deeply in the operations of a portfolio company. Additionally, the GPO team can be leveraged to help reduce costs and augment key leadership positions. 
 Default/Workout . An important element of Blackstone Credit s strategy for originated investments is to attempt to structure investments in a manner such that Blackstone Credit will control negotiations should an issuer violate covenants or need to restructure its balance sheet. Blackstone Credit believes that this is typically achieved by ensuring that an investment is at or above the fulcrum security, if a restructuring were to occur. A fulcrum security is the security in a company s capital structure that, if the company were to be liquidated, would be partially repaid. Generally, securities more senior than the fulcrum security would typically be fully repaid in such a liquidation and securities more junior than the fulcrum security would typically receive no recovery in a liquidation. If an investment should default, Blackstone Credit believes it has ample resources necessary to take a company through a restructuring, as many of its investment professionals have restructuring backgrounds. 
 The Blackstone Credit deal team, along with other creditors and outside counsel, will be responsible for monitoring any defaulting portfolio companies and driving the restructuring processes thereafter. The same Investment Team members who originate an investment remain actively involved, from sourcing through diligence, execution and ongoing management all the way to exit. In the case that an investment requires a heavy workout that results in a board seat and more operational involvement, Blackstone Credit may dedicate or add a senior investment professional to solely focus on the workout situation. This individual will get involved and run the full workout process to allow the other deal team members to focus on new origination and other portfolio companies. Any investment undergoing a workout will also be discussed with portfolio management and the Investment Committee on a regular basis. 
 Valuation Process . Each quarter, we will value investments in our portfolio, and such values will be disclosed each quarter in reports filed with the SEC. With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available, a valuation committee appointed by the Board of Trustees will assist the Board of Trustees in determining the fair value of such investments in good faith, based on procedures adopted by and subject to the supervision of the Board of Trustees. 
 Managerial Assistance . As a BDC, we must offer, and provide upon request, significant managerial assistance to certain of our portfolio companies except where the Company purchases securities of an issuer in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the group makes available such managerial assistance. This assistance could involve, among other things, monitoring the operations of our portfolio companies, participating in board and management meetings, consulting with and advising officers of portfolio companies and providing other organizational and financial guidance, including through the Blackstone Credit Advantage program. The Adviser and the Administrator will provide such managerial assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies that request this assistance. To the extent fees are paid for these services, we, rather than the Adviser, will retain any fees paid for such assistance. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Exit 
 In addition to payments of principal and interest, we expect the primary methods for the strategy to realize returns on its investments include refinancings, sales of portfolio companies, and in some cases initial public offerings and secondary offerings. While many debt securities in which we will invest have stated maturities of five to eight years, based on Blackstone Credit s past experience, we believe most of these securities will be redeemed or sold prior to maturity. These securities often have call protection that requires an issuer to pay a premium if it redeems in the early years of an investment. However, there is no assurance that our investments will achieve realization events as a result of refinancings, sales of portfolio companies or public offerings and these realization events will become more unlikely when conditions in the loan and capital markets have deteriorated. 
 The Investment Team regularly reviews investments and related market conditions in order to determine if an opportunity exists to realize returns on a particular investment. We believe the Adviser s ability to utilize the entire resources of Blackstone Credit, including the public market traders and research analysts, allows the Adviser to gain access to current market information where the opportunity may exist to sell positions into the market at attractive prices. 
 Allocation of Investment Opportunities and Potential Conflicts of Interest 
 Blackstone Credit, including the Adviser, provides investment management services to other registered investment companies, investment funds, client accounts and proprietary accounts that Blackstone Credit may establish (other than the Company) (collectively the Other Blackstone Credit Clients ). In addition, Blackstone provides investment management services to other registered investment companies, investment funds, client accounts and proprietary accounts that Blackstone may establish (together with the Other Blackstone Credit Clients, the Other Clients ). See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to the Adviser and Its Affiliates There may be conflicts of interest related to obligations that the Adviser s senior management and Investment Team have to other clients. 
 Blackstone Credit will share any investment and sale opportunities with its other clients and the Company in accordance with the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the " Advisers Act ") and firm-wide allocation policies, which generally provide for sharing pro rata based on targeted acquisition size or targeted sale size. Subject to the Advisers Act and as further set forth in this annual report, certain other clients may receive certain priority or other allocation rights with respect to certain investments, subject to various conditions set forth in such other clients respective governing agreements. 
 In addition, as a BDC regulated under the 1940 Act, the Company is subject to certain limitations relating to co-investments and joint transactions with affiliates, which likely in certain circumstances limit the Company s ability to make investments or enter into other transactions alongside other clients. 
 Co-Investment Relief 
 We have in the past co-invested, and in the future may co-invest, with certain affiliates of the Adviser. We have received an exemptive order from the SEC that permits us, among other things, to co-invest with certain other persons, including certain affiliates of the Adviser and certain funds managed and controlled by the Adviser and its affiliates, subject to certain terms and conditions. Pursuant to such order, the board of trustees of the Company (the Board has established objective criteria Board Criteria clearly defining co-investment opportunities in which the Company will have the opportunity to participate with one or more listed or private Blackstone Credit-managed BDCs (including the Company, the Blackstone Credit BDCs ), and other public or private Blackstone Credit funds that target similar assets. If an investment falls within the Board Criteria, Blackstone Credit must offer an opportunity for the Blackstone Credit BDCs to participate. The Blackstone Credit BDCs may determine to participate or not to participate, depending on whether Blackstone Credit determines that the investment is appropriate for the Blackstone Credit BDCs (e.g., based on investment strategy). The co-investment would generally be allocated to us, any other Blackstone Credit BDCs and the other Blackstone Credit funds that target similar assets pro rata based on available capital in the applicable asset class. We generally are permitted to co-invest with certain of our affiliates if a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of our independent trustees make certain conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction, including that (1) the terms of the transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to us and our shareholders and do not involve overreaching in respect of us or our shareholders on the part of any person concerned, (2) the transaction is consistent with the interests of our shareholders and is consistent with our investment objectives and strategies, and (3) the investment by our affiliates would not disadvantage us, and our participation would not be on a basis different from or less advantageous than that on which our affiliates are investing. If the Adviser determines that such investment is not appropriate for us, the investment will not be allocated to us, but the Adviser will be required to report such investment and the rationale for its determination for us to not participate in the investment to the Board at the next quarterly board meeting. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Investments 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the fair value of our investments was 9,617 million and 9,855 million, respectively, in 176 and 148 portfolio companies, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 the Company had unfunded delayed draw terms loans and revolvers in the aggregate principal amount of million and million, respectively. 
 See the Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 in our consolidated financial statements in Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Consolidated Schedule of Investments for more information on these investments. 
 Capital Resources and Borrowings 
 As a RIC, we intend to distribute substantially all of our investment company taxable income ICTI (as that term is defined in the Code, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid) to our shareholders. We anticipate generating cash in the future from the issuance of shares and cash flows from operations, including interest received on our debt investments. 
 Additionally, we are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of shares senior to our shares if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least equal to 150 immediately after each such issuance. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company s asset coverage was and , respectively. 
 Furthermore, while any indebtedness and senior securities remain outstanding, we must take provisions to prohibit any distribution to our shareholders (which may cause us to fail to distribute amounts necessary to avoid entity-level taxation under the Code), or the repurchase of such securities or shares unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the distribution or repurchase. In addition, we must also comply with positive and negative covenants customary for these types of facilities. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 Investment Advisory Agreement 
 The Adviser provides management services to us pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement. The Investment Advisory Agreement has been approved by the Board. Under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Adviser is responsible for the following: 
 determining the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to our portfolio and the manner of implementing such changes in accordance with our investment objectives, policies and restrictions; 
 identifying investment opportunities and making investment decisions for us, including negotiating the terms of investments in, and dispositions of, portfolio securities and other instruments on our behalf; 
 monitoring our investments; 
 performing due diligence on prospective portfolio companies; 
 exercising voting rights in respect of portfolio securities and other investments for us; 
 serving on, and exercising observer rights for, boards of directors and similar committees of our portfolio companies; 
 negotiating, obtaining and managing financing facilities and other forms of leverage; and 
 providing us with such other investment advisory and related services as we may, from time to time, reasonably require for the investment of capital. 
 The Adviser s services under the Investment Advisory Agreement are not exclusive, and it is free to furnish similar services to other entities, and it intends to do so, so long as its services to us are not impaired. 
 Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, we pay our Adviser a fee for investment advisory and management services consisting of two components: a management fee and an incentive fee. The cost of both the management fee and the incentive fee will ultimately be borne by the shareholders. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Management Fees 
 The management fee is payable quarterly in arrears at an annual rate 1.0 (which rate was 0.75 prior to the IPO) of the average value of our gross assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters. For purposes of the Investment Advisory Agreement, gross assets means our total assets determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP ), excluding undrawn commitments but including assets purchased with borrowed amounts. For the quarter in which the IPO occurred, the management fee shall be calculated for such calendar quarter at a weighted rate calculated based on the fee rates applicable before and after the IPO based on the number of days in such calendar quarter before and after the IPO. 
 In order to maintain the same management fee arrangement that the Company had in place prior to the IPO for a period of time following the IPO, the Adviser voluntarily waived its right to receive the base management fee in excess of 0.75 of the average value of the Company s gross assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters from the date of consummation of the IPO through the two year anniversary of the consummation of the IPO (the Waiver Period ). As a result of the fee waiver, the pre-listing management fee and incentive fee rates paid by the Company to the Adviser will not increase during the Waiver Period. Amounts waived by the Adviser are not subject to recoupment by the Adviser. 
 Incentive Fees 
 The incentive fees consists of two components that are determined independently of each other, with the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not. One component of the incentive fee is based on our income and the other component is based on of our capital gains, each as described below. 
 (i) Income based incentive fees 
 The first part of the incentive fees is based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns means, as the context requires, either the dollar value of, or percentage rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediately preceding quarter from, interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus our operating expenses accrued for the quarter (including the management fee, expenses payable under the administration agreement entered into between us and the Administrator (the Administration Agreement ), and any interest expense or fees on any credit facilities or outstanding debt and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred shares, but excluding the incentive fee). 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns include, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with payment-in-kind PIK interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns do not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. The Company excludes the impact of expense support payments and recoupments from pre-incentive fee net investment income. 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediately preceding quarter, is compared to a hurdle rate of return of 1.5 per quarter (6.0 annualized). 
 Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Company is required to pay an income based incentive fee of 15 prior to the consummation of the IPO and 17.5 following the consummation of the IPO, with a 1.5 hurdle and 100 catch-up. However, the Adviser has implemented a voluntary waiver with respect to the income based incentive fee. The Adviser has voluntarily waived its right to receive an income based incentive fee above 15 during the Waiver Period. 
 The Company pays its Adviser an income based incentive fee based on its aggregate pre-incentive fee net investment income, as adjusted as described above, from the calendar quarter then ending and the eleven preceding calendar quarters (such period, the Trailing Twelve Quarters ). 
 
 The hurdle amount for the income based incentive fee will be determined on a quarterly basis and is equal to 1.5 multiplied by the Company s NAV at the beginning of each applicable calendar quarter comprising the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters. The hurdle amount is calculated after making appropriate adjustments for issuances by the Company of common shares, including issuances pursuant to its dividend reinvestment plan and distributions that occurred during the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters. The income based incentive fee for any partial period will be appropriately prorated. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

For the income based incentive fee, the Company will pay the Adviser a quarterly incentive fee based on the amount by which (A) aggregate pre-incentive fee net investment income in respect of the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters exceeds (B) the hurdle amount for such Trailing Twelve Quarters. The amount of the excess of (A) over (B) described in this paragraph for such Trailing Twelve Quarters is referred to as the Excess Income Amount. 
 The income based incentive fee for each quarter will be determined as follows: 
 No income based incentive fee is payable to the Adviser for any calendar quarter for which there is no Excess Income Amount; 
 The Adviser will be paid 100 of the pre-incentive fee net investment income in respect of the Trailing Twelve Quarters, if any, that exceeds the hurdle amount for such Trailing Twelve Quarters, but is less than or equal to an amount, which we refer to as the Catch-up Amount, determined as the sum of 1.76 (7.06 annualized) prior to the end of the Waiver Period, or 1.82 (7.27 annualized) following the Waiver Period, multiplied by the Company s NAV at the beginning of each applicable calendar quarter comprising the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters that is included in the calculation of the Incentive Fee based on income. 
 The Adviser will be paid 15 prior to the end of the Waiver Period, or 17.5 following the Waiver Period, of the pre-incentive fee net investment income in respect of the Trailing Twelve Quarters that exceeds the Catch-up Amount. 
 The amount of the income based incentive fee that will be paid to the Adviser for a particular quarter will equal the excess of (a) the income based incentive fee so calculated over (b) the aggregate income based incentive fee that was paid in respect of the first eleven calendar quarters included in the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters subject to the Incentive Fee Cap as described below. 
 
 The income based incentive fee that will be paid to the Adviser for a particular quarter is subject to a cap (the Incentive Fee Cap ). The Incentive Fee Cap for any quarter is an amount equal to (a) 15 prior to the end of the Waiver Period, or 17.5 following the Waiver Period, of the Cumulative Net Return (as defined below) during the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters minus (b) the aggregate income based incentive fee that was paid in respect of the first eleven calendar quarters (or the portion thereof) included in the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters. 
 
 Cumulative Net Return means (x) the pre-incentive fee net investment income in respect of the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters minus (y) any Net Capital Loss (as defined below), if any, in respect of the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters. If, in any quarter, the Incentive Fee Cap is zero or a negative value, the Company will pay no income based incentive fee to the Adviser for such quarter. If, in any quarter, the Incentive Fee Cap for such quarter is a positive value but is less than the income based incentive fee that is payable to the Adviser for such quarter (before giving effect to the Incentive Fee Cap) calculated as described above, the Company will pay an income based incentive fee to the Adviser equal to the Incentive Fee Cap for such quarter. If, in any quarter, the Incentive Fee Cap for such quarter is equal to or greater than the income based incentive fee that is payable to the Adviser for such quarter (before giving effect to the Incentive Fee Cap) calculated as described above, the Company will pay an income based incentive fee to the Adviser equal to the incentive fee calculated as described above for such quarter without regard to the Incentive Fee Cap. 
 
 Net Capital Loss in respect of a particular period means the difference, if positive, between (i) aggregate capital losses, whether realized or unrealized, in such period and (ii) aggregate capital gains, whether realized or unrealized, in such period. 
 
 These calculations are prorated for any period of less than three months and adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the relevant quarter. A rise in the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to higher interest rates applicable to our debt investments. Accordingly, an increase in interest rates would make it easier for us to meet or exceed the incentive fee hurdle rate and may result in a substantial increase of the amount of incentive fees payable to the Adviser with respect to Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns. Because of the structure of the incentive fee, it is possible that we may pay an incentive fee in a calendar quarter in which we incur an overall loss taking into account capital account losses. For example, if we receive Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns in excess of the quarterly hurdle rate, we will pay the applicable incentive fee even if we have incurred a loss in that calendar quarter due to realized and unrealized capital losses. If the Waiver Period ends on a date other than the first day of a calendar quarter, the incentive fee applicable after the Waiver Period will be calculated for such calendar quarter at a weighted rate calculated based on the fee rates applicable during and after the Waiver Period based on the number of days in such calendar quarter during and after the Waiver Period. In no event will the amendments to the income based incentive fee to include the three year income and total return lookback features allow the Adviser to receive greater cumulative income based incentive fees under the Investment Advisory Agreement than it would 
 18 

Table of Contents 

have under the prior investment advisory agreement. Amounts waived by the Adviser are not subject to recoupment by the Adviser. 
 
 The following is a graphical representation of the calculation of the Incentive Fee based on income: 
 Incentive Fee Based on Income Prior to the end of the Waiver Period (1) 
 Percentage of pre-incentive fee net income comprising the Incentive Fee based on Income 
 (expressed as an annualized rate (2) of return on the value of net assets as of the beginning of each of the quarters included in the Trailing Twelve Quarters) 

(1) Following the end of the Waiver Period, the Catch-up Amount will increase to 7.27 annualized and the income based incentive fee will increase to 17.5 
 (2) The income based incentive fee is determined on a quarterly basis but has been annualized for purposes of the above diagram. The diagram also does not reflect the Incentive Fee Cap. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

(ii) Capital Gains based incentive fees 
 Since the completion of the IPO, the second part of the incentive fee, a capital gains incentive fee, has been determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year in an amount equal to 17.5 of realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis from inception through the end of each calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gain incentive fees as calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 Prior to the IPO, the second part of the incentive fee, a capital gains incentive fee, was determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year in an amount equal to 15.0 of realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis from inception through the end of each calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gain incentive fees as calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. However, similar to the voluntary waivers referenced above, the Adviser voluntarily waived its right to receive a capital gains based incentive fee above 15 from the date of consummation of the IPO through the Waiver Period. The Company will accrue, but will not pay, a capital gains incentive fee with respect to unrealized appreciation because a capital gains incentive fee would be owed to the Adviser if the Company were to sell the relevant investment and realize a capital gain. Amounts waived by the Adviser are not subject to recoupment by the Adviser. 
 The fees that are payable under the Investment Advisory Agreement for any partial period are appropriately prorated. 
 Administration Agreement 
 Under the terms of the Administration Agreement, the Administrator provides, or oversees the performance of, administrative and compliance services, including, but not limited to, maintaining financial records, overseeing the calculation of NAV, compliance monitoring (including diligence and oversight of our other service providers), preparing reports to shareholders and reports filed with the SEC, preparing materials and coordinating meetings of our Board, managing the payment of expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered by others and providing office space, equipment and office services. We will reimburse the Administrator for its costs, expenses and allocable portion of overhead (including rent, office equipment and utilities) in connection with the services performed for us pursuant to the terms of the Administration Agreement. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Administration Agreement, the Administrator may delegate its obligations under the Administration Agreement to an affiliate or to a third party and we will reimburse the Administrator for any services performed for us by such affiliate or third party. The Administrator has hired a sub-administrator to assist in the provision of administrative services. The sub-administrator receives compensation for its provision of sub-administrative services under a sub-administration agreement. 
 Certain Terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement and Administration Agreement 
 Each of the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement has been approved by the Board. Unless earlier terminated as described below, each of the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement will remain in effect for a period of two years from the date it first became effective and will remain in effect from year-to-year thereafter if approved annually by a majority of the Board or by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities and, in each case, a majority of the independent trustees. We may terminate the Investment Advisory Agreement or the Administration Agreement, without payment of any penalty, upon 60 days written notice. The decision to terminate either agreement may be made by a majority of the Board or the shareholders holding a majority outstanding voting securities, which means the lesser of (1) 67 or more of such company s voting securities present at a meeting if more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company are present or represented by proxy, or (b) more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company. In addition, the Adviser may terminate the Investment Advisory Agreement or the Administrator may terminate the Administration Agreement, without payment of any penalty, upon 60 days written notice. The Investment Advisory Agreement will automatically terminate within the meaning of the 1940 Act and related SEC guidance and interpretations in the event of its assignment. 
 The Adviser and the Administrator shall not be liable for any error of judgment or mistake of law or for any act or omission or any loss suffered by the Company in connection with the matters to which the Investment Advisory Agreement and Administration Agreement, respectively, relate, provided that the Adviser and Administrator shall not be protected against any liability to the Company or its shareholders to which the Adviser or Administrator would otherwise be subject by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence on its part in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations disabling conduct ). Each of the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement provides that, absent disabling conduct, each of our Adviser and our Administrator, as applicable, 
 20 

Table of Contents 

and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with it are entitled to indemnification from us for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of our Adviser s services under the Investment Advisory Agreement and our Administrator s services under the Administration Agreement or otherwise as adviser or administrator for us. The Adviser and the Administrator shall not be liable under their respective agreements with us or otherwise for any loss due to the mistake, action, inaction, negligence, dishonesty, fraud or bad faith of any broker or other agent; provided, that such broker or other agent shall have been selected, engaged or retained and monitored by the Adviser or the Administrator in good faith, unless such action or inaction was made by reason of disabling conduct, or in the case of a criminal action or proceeding, where the Adviser or Administrator had reasonable cause to believe its conduct was unlawful. 
 Distributions 
 We generally intend to distribute substantially all of our available earnings annually by paying distributions on a quarterly basis, as determined by the Board in its discretion. We cannot assure investors that we will achieve investment results that will allow us to make a specified level of cash distributions or year-to-year increases in cash distributions. Our distributions will generally be paid from current and/or accumulated tax earnings and profits, which includes interest income and capital gains generated by our investment portfolio, and any other income, including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees, that we receive from portfolio companies, if any. However, if we do not have sufficient current and/or accumulated tax earnings and profits to support our distributions, all or a part of such a distribution may be characterized as a return of capital for U.S. tax purposes. The specific tax characteristics of our dividends and other distributions are reported to shareholders after the end of each calendar year. See Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Distributions and Dividend Reinvestment. 
 Dividend Reinvestment Plan 
 We have adopted a dividend reinvestment plan DRIP ), pursuant to which we reinvest all cash dividends declared by the Board on behalf of our shareholders who do not elect to receive their dividends in cash, as provided below. As a result, if the Board authorizes, and we declare, a cash dividend or other distribution, then our shareholders who have not opted out of our dividend reinvestment plan will have their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares as described below, rather than receiving the cash dividend or other distribution. See Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Distributions and Dividend Reinvestment. 
 The number of shares to be issued to a shareholder is determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the cash dividend or distribution payable to a shareholder by the market price per common share at the close of regular trading on the NYSE on the payment date of a distribution, or if no sale is reported for such day, the average of the reported bid and ask prices. However, if the market price per share on the payment date of a cash dividend or distribution exceeds the most recently computed NAV per share, the Company will issue shares at the greater of (i) the most recently computed NAV per share and (ii) 95 of the current market price per share (or such lesser discount to the current market price per share that still exceeded the most recently computed NAV per share). For example, if the most recently computed NAV per share is 25.00 and the market price on the payment date of a cash dividend is 24.00 per share, the Company will issue shares at 24.00 per share. If the most recently computed NAV per share is 25.00 and the market price on the payment date of a cash dividend is 27.00 per share, the Company will issue shares at 25.65 per share (95 of the current market price). If the most recently computed NAV per share is 25.00 and the market price on the payment date of a cash dividend is 26.00 per share, the Company will issue shares at 25.00 per share. 
 We use newly issued shares to implement the plan. Shares issued under the dividend reinvestment plan will not reduce outstanding Capital Commitments. 
 No action is required on the part of a registered shareholder to have his, her or its cash dividend or other distribution reinvested in our shares. Shareholders can elect to opt out of the Company s dividend reinvestment plan in their Subscription Agreements. A shareholder may elect to receive its entire dividend in cash at any time by notifying the Company s transfer agent in writing. If, however, a shareholder requests to change its election within 95 days prior to a distribution, the request will be effective only with respect to distributions after the 95-day period. 
 There are no brokerage charges or other charges to shareholders who participate in the plan. 
 The Board may amend or supplement the terms of the dividend reinvestment plan at any time without shareholder approval. The plan may be terminated by the Company at any time upon notice in writing mailed to each shareholder of record. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Share Repurchase Plan 
 In October 2021, our Board approved a share repurchase plan (the " Company 10b5-1 Plan "), to acquire up to approximately 262 million (representing the net proceeds from the IPO) in the aggregate of our common shares at prices below our NAV per share over a specified period, in accordance with the guidelines specified in Rule 10b-18 and Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act. The Company 10b5-1 Plan terminated by its own terms in November 2022. In February 2023, our Board authorized a share repurchase plan, under which we may repurchase up to 250 million in the aggregate of our outstanding common shares in the open market at prices below our NAV per share for a one-year term, in accordance with the guidelines specified in Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act (the Company 10b-18 Plan ). The timing, manner, price and amount of any share repurchases will be determined by us, in our sole discretion, based upon the evaluation of economic and market conditions, stock price, applicable legal and regulatory requirements and other factors. The Company 10b-18 Plan does not require us to repurchase any specific number of shares of common shares or any shares of common shares at all. Consequently, we cannot assure shareholders that any specific number of shares of common shares, if any, will be repurchased under the Company 10b-18 Plan. The Company 10b-18 Plan may be suspended, extended, modified or discontinued at any time. 
 Competition 
 We compete for investments with other BDCs and investment funds (including private equity funds, mezzanine funds, performing and other credit funds, and funds that invest in CLOs, structured notes, derivatives and other types of collateralized securities and structured products), as well as traditional financial services companies such as commercial banks and other sources of funding. These other BDCs and investment funds might be reasonable investment alternatives to us and may be less costly or complex with fewer and/or different risks than we have. Moreover, alternative investment vehicles, such as hedge funds, have begun to invest in areas in which they have not traditionally invested, including making investments in middle market private U.S. companies. As a result of these new entrants, competition for investment opportunities in middle market private U.S. companies may intensify. Many of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, some competitors may have a lower cost of capital and access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments than we have. These characteristics could allow our competitors to consider a wider variety of investments, establish more relationships and offer better pricing and more flexible structuring than we are able to do. We may lose investment opportunities if we do not match our competitors pricing, terms or structure. If we are forced to match our competitors pricing, terms or structure, we may not be able to achieve acceptable returns on our investments or may bear substantial risk of capital loss. A significant part of our competitive advantage stems from the fact that the market for investments in middle market private U.S. companies is underserved by traditional commercial banks and other financial sources. A significant increase in the number and/or the size of our competitors in this target market could force us to accept less attractive investment terms. Furthermore, many of our competitors have greater experience operating under, or are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC. 
 For additional information concerning the competitive risks we face, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related To Our Business And Structure. 
 Human Resource Capital 
 We do not currently have any employees and do not expect to have any employees. Services necessary for our business are provided by individuals who are employees of the Adviser or its affiliates pursuant to the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administrator or its affiliates pursuant to the Administration Agreement. Each of our executive officers described herein is employed by the Adviser or its affiliates. Our day-to-day investment operations are managed by the Adviser. The services necessary for the sourcing and administration of our investment portfolio will be provided by investment professionals employed by the Adviser or its affiliates. The Investment Team will focus on origination, non-originated investments and transaction development and the ongoing monitoring of our investments. 
 Regulation as a Business Development Company 
 The following discussion is a general summary of the material prohibitions and descriptions governing BDCs generally. It does not purport to be a complete description of all of the laws and regulations affecting BDCs. 
 Qualifying Assets . Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as Qualifying Assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, Qualifying Assets represent at least 70 of the company s total assets. The principal categories of Qualifying Assets relevant to our business are any of the following: 
 22 

Table of Contents 

(1) Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an Eligible Portfolio Company (as defined below), or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an Eligible Portfolio Company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An Eligible Portfolio Company is defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer which: 
 (a) is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 
 (b) is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly-owned by the BDC) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the 1940 Act; and 
 (c) satisfies any of the following: 
 (i) does not have any class of securities that is traded on a national securities exchange; 
 (ii) has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, but has an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non-voting common equity of less than 250 million; 
 (iii) is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including a BDC and the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the Eligible Portfolio Company; or 
 (iv) is a small and solvent company having total assets of not more than 4 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2 million. 
 (2) Securities of any Eligible Portfolio Company controlled by the BDC. 
 (3) Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. 
 (4) Securities of an Eligible Portfolio Company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and the BDC already owns 60 of the outstanding equity of the Eligible Portfolio Company. 
 (5) Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) through (4) above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. 
 (6) Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 
 In addition, a BDC must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described in (1), (2) or (3) above. 
 Significant Managerial Assistance. A BDC must have been organized and have its principal place of business in the United States and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described above. However, in order to count portfolio securities as Qualifying Assets for the purpose of the 70 test, the BDC must either control the issuer of the securities or must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities (other than small and solvent companies described above) significant managerial assistance; except that, where the BDC purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the group may make available such managerial assistance. Making available significant managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the BDC, through its trustees, officers or employees, offers to provide and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company through monitoring of portfolio company operations, selective participation in board and management meetings, consulting with and advising a portfolio company s officers or other organizational or financial guidance. 
 Temporary Investments. Pending investment in other types of Qualifying Assets, as described above, our investments can consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which are referred to herein, collectively, as temporary investments, so that 70 of our assets would be Qualifying Assets. 
 Warrants. Under the 1940 Act, a BDC is subject to restrictions on the issuance, terms and amount of warrants, options or rights to purchase shares that it may have outstanding at any time. In particular, the amount of shares that would result from 
 23 

Table of Contents 

the conversion or exercise of all outstanding warrants, options or rights to purchase shares cannot exceed 25 of the BDC s total outstanding shares. 
 Leverage and Senior Securities; Coverage Ratio. We are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior to our shares if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at or above 150 immediately after each such issuance. On September 25, 2018, our sole shareholder approved the adoption of this 150 threshold pursuant to Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act and such election became effective the following day. In addition, while any senior securities remain outstanding, we are required to make provisions to prohibit any dividend distribution to our shareholders or the repurchase of such securities or shares unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the dividend distribution or repurchase. We are also permitted to borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of our total assets for temporary or emergency purposes, which borrowings would not be considered senior securities. 
 We have established asset based credit facilities and may establish future facilities or enter into other financing arrangements to facilitate investments and the timely payment of our expenses. Our existing financing facilities bear, and it is anticipated that any future credit facilities will bear interest at floating rates at to be determined spreads over LIBOR. Shareholders indirectly bear the costs associated with any borrowings under a credit facility or otherwise, including increased management fees payable to the Adviser as a result of such borrowings. Our current credit facilities require us, and future lenders may require us to pledge assets, commitments and/or drawdowns (and the ability to enforce the payment thereof) and to comply with positive or negative covenants that could have an effect on our operations. In addition, from time to time, our losses on leveraged investments may result in the liquidation of other investments held by us and may result in additional drawdowns to repay such amounts. 
 We also issued unsecured bonds and may have additional bond offerings in the future. 
 We may enter into a total return swap TRS agreement. A TRS is a contract in which one party agrees to make periodic payments to another party based on the change in the market value of the assets underlying the TRS, which may include a specified security, basket of securities or securities indices during a specified period, in return for periodic payments based on a fixed or variable interest rate. A TRS effectively adds leverage to a portfolio by providing investment exposure to a security or market without owning or taking physical custody of such security or investing directly in such market. Because of the unique structure of a TRS, a TRS often offers lower financing costs than are offered through more traditional borrowing arrangements. The Company would typically have to post collateral to cover this potential obligation. To the extent the Company complies with the applicable requirements of Rule 18f-4, the leverage incurred through TRS will not be considered a borrowing for purposes of the Company s overall leverage limitation. 
 We have also created leverage by securitizing our assets (including in CLOs) and retaining the equity portion of the securitized vehicle and may enter into other debt securitizations in the future. Debt securitizations (including in CLOs) are a form of secured financing, which would generally be consolidated on our financial statements and subject to our overall asset coverage requirement. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain a CLO debt securitization on favorable terms or at all or that any such financing will benefit our investment performance. We may also from time to time make secured loans of our marginable securities to brokers, dealers and other financial institutions. 
 Code of Ethics. We and the Adviser have adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act and Rule 204A-1 under the Advisers Act, respectively, that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions. Personnel subject to the code are permitted to invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that may be purchased or held by us, so long as such investments are made in accordance with the code s requirements. You may obtain copies of the codes of ethics, after paying a duplicating fee, by electronic request at the following email address: publicinfo@sec.gov. 
 Affiliated Transactions. We may be prohibited under the 1940 Act from conducting certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of our trustees who are not interested persons and, in some cases, the prior approval of the SEC. We have received an exemptive order from the SEC that permits us, among other things, to co-invest with certain other persons, including certain affiliates of the Adviser and certain funds managed and controlled by the Adviser and its affiliates, subject to certain terms and conditions. 
 Other. We will be periodically examined by the SEC for compliance with the 1940 Act, and be subject to the periodic reporting and related requirements of the 1934 Act. 
 We are also required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect against larceny and embezzlement. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting any trustee or officer against any 
 24 

Table of Contents 

liability to our shareholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. 
 We are also required to designate a chief compliance officer and to adopt and implement written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of the federal securities laws and to review these policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation. 
 We are not permitted to change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or to withdraw our election as, a BDC unless approved by a majority of our outstanding voting securities. A majority of the outstanding voting securities of a company is defined under the 1940 Act as the lesser of: (i) 67 or more of such company s shares present at a meeting if more than 50 of the outstanding shares of such company are present or represented by proxy, or (ii) more than 50 of the outstanding shares of such company. 
 Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 
 We have delegated our proxy voting responsibility to the Adviser. The Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures of the Adviser are set forth below. The guidelines are reviewed periodically by the Adviser, and, accordingly, are subject to change. 
 As an investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act, the Adviser has a duty to monitor corporate events and to vote proxies, as well as a duty to cast votes in the best interest of clients and not subrogate client interests to its own interests. Rule 206(4)-6 under the Advisers Act places specific requirements on registered investment advisers with proxy voting authority. 
 Proxy Policies 
 The Adviser s policies and procedures are reasonably designed to ensure that the Adviser votes proxies in the best interest of the Company and addresses how it will resolve any conflict of interest that may arise when voting proxies and, in so doing, to maximize the value of the investments made by the Company, taking into consideration the Company s investment horizons and other relevant factors. It will review on a case-by-case basis each proposal submitted for a shareholder vote to determine its impact on the portfolio securities held by its clients. Although the Adviser will generally vote against proposals that may have a negative impact on its clients portfolio securities, it may vote for such a proposal if there exists compelling long-term reasons to do so. 
 Decisions on how to vote a proxy generally are made by the Adviser. The Investment Committee and the members of the Investment Team covering the applicable security often have the most intimate knowledge of both a company s operations and the potential impact of a proxy vote s outcome. Decisions are based on a number of factors which may vary depending on a proxy s subject matter, but are guided by the general policies described in the proxy policy. In addition, the Adviser may determine not to vote a proxy after consideration of the vote s expected benefit to clients and the cost of voting the proxy. To ensure that its vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, the Adviser will require the members of the Investment Committee to disclose any personal conflicts of interest they may have with respect to overseeing a Company s investment in a particular company. 
 Proxy Voting Records 
 You may obtain information, without charge, regarding how we voted proxies with respect to our portfolio securities by making a written request for proxy voting information to: Chief Compliance Officer, Blackstone Credit BDC Advisors LLC, 345 Park Avenue, 31st Floor, New York, NY 10154. 
 Reporting Obligations and Available Information 
 We furnish our shareholders with annual reports containing audited financial statements, quarterly reports, and such other periodic reports as we determine to be appropriate or as may be required by law. We are required to comply with all periodic reporting, proxy solicitation and other applicable requirements under the 1934 Act. 
 We file annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, and our directors, officers and 10 beneficial owners file reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 pursuant to section 13(a), 15(d) or 16(a) of the 1934 Act. The SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information. We have made available free of charge on our website (www.bxsl.com) our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K and our governing documents. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 
 The following discussion is a general summary of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to the Company. This discussion does not purport to be complete or to deal with all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to the Company. This discussion is based upon present provisions of the Code, the regulations promulgated thereunder, and judicial and administrative ruling authorities, all of which are subject to change, or differing interpretations (possibly with retroactive effect). Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors with regard to the U.S. federal tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, or disposition of our shares, as well as the tax consequences arising under the laws of any state, foreign country or other taxing jurisdiction. 
 The Company has elected to be treated, and intends to qualify each taxable year, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. 
 To qualify for the favorable tax treatment accorded to RICs under Subchapter M of the Code, the Company must, among other things: (1) have an election in effect to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act at all times during each taxable year; (2) have filed with its return for the taxable year an election to be a RIC or have made such election for a previous taxable year; (3) derive in each taxable year at least 90 of its gross income from (a) dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities loans, and gains from the sale or other disposition of stock or securities or foreign currencies, or other income (including but not limited to gains from options, futures or forward contracts) derived with respect to its business of investing in such stock, securities, or currencies; and (b) net income derived from an interest in certain publicly traded partnerships that are treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes and that derive less than 90 of their gross income from the items described in (a) above (each, a Qualified Publicly Traded Partnership ); and (4) diversify its holdings so that, at the end of each quarter of each taxable year of the Company (a) at least 50 of the value of the Company s total assets is represented by cash and cash items (including receivables), U.S. government securities and securities of other RICs, and other securities for purposes of this calculation limited, in respect of any one issuer to an amount not greater in value than 5 of the value of the Company s total assets and to not more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of such issuer, and (b) not more than 25 of the value of the Company s total assets is invested in the securities (other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs) of (I) any one issuer, (II) any two or more issuers which the Company controls and which are determined to be engaged in the same or similar trades or businesses or related trades or businesses or (III) any one or more Qualified Publicly Traded Partnerships (described in 3b above). 
 As a RIC, the Company generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on its investment company taxable income (as that term is defined in the Code, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid) and net capital gain (the excess of net long-term capital gain over net short-term capital loss), if any, that it distributes in each taxable year to its shareholders, provided that it distributes at least 90 of the sum of its investment company taxable income and its net tax-exempt income for such taxable year. The Company intends to distribute to its shareholders, at least annually, substantially all of its investment company taxable income and net capital gain. 
 Amounts not distributed on a timely basis in accordance with a calendar year distribution requirement are subject to a nondeductible 4 U.S. federal excise tax. To prevent imposition of the excise tax, the Company must distribute during each calendar year an amount at least equal to the sum of (i) 98 of its ordinary income (not taking into account any capital gains or losses) for the calendar year, (ii) 98.2 of its capital gains in excess of its capital losses (adjusted for certain ordinary losses) for the one-year period ending October 31 of the calendar year, and (iii) any ordinary income and capital gains for previous years that were not distributed during those years. For these purposes, the Company will be deemed to have distributed any income or gains on which it paid U.S. federal income tax. 
 A distribution will be treated as paid on December 31 of any calendar year if it is declared by the Company in October, November or December with a record date in such a month and paid by the Company during January of the following calendar year. Such distributions will be taxable to shareholders in the calendar year in which the distributions are declared, rather than the calendar year in which the distributions are received. 
 If the Company fails to qualify as a RIC or fails to satisfy the 90 distribution requirement in any taxable year, the Company would be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates on its taxable income (including distributions of net capital gain), even if such income were distributed to its shareholders, and all distributions out of earnings and profits would be taxed to shareholders as ordinary dividend income. Such distributions generally would be eligible (i) to be treated as qualified dividend income in the case of individual and other non-corporate shareholders and (ii) for the dividends received deduction in the case of corporate shareholders. In addition, the Company could be required to recognize unrealized gains, pay taxes and make distributions (which could be subject to interest charges) before requalifying for taxation as a RIC. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

A. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

28 

Table of Contents 

29 

Table of Contents 

30 

Table of Contents 

31 

Table of Contents 

32 

Table of Contents 

33 

Table of Contents 

34 

Table of Contents 

35 

Table of Contents 

B. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

37 

Table of Contents 

38 

Table of Contents 

39 

Table of Contents 

40 

Table of Contents 

41 

Table of Contents 

42 

Table of Contents 

43 

Table of Contents 

44 

Table of Contents 

45 

Table of Contents 

46 

Table of Contents 

47 

Table of Contents 

48 

Table of Contents 

49 

Table of Contents 

50 

Table of Contents 

C. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

52 

Table of Contents 

D. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

54 

Table of Contents 

E. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

56 

Table of Contents 

57 

Table of Contents 

58 

Table of Contents 

Assumed Return on Our Portfolio (Net of Expenses) -10 -5 0 5 10 Corresponding return to common stockholder (1) 
 - - - 
 (1) Based on (i) 9.9 billion in total assets as of December 31, 2022, (ii) 5.6 billion in outstanding indebtedness, at par, as of December 31, 2022, (iii) 4.2 billion in net assets as of December 31, 2022 and (iv) an annualized average interest rate, including fees (such as fees on undrawn amounts and amortization of financing costs), on our indebtedness, as of December 31, 2022, of 3.55 . 
 Based on an outstanding indebtedness, at par, of 5.6 billion as of December 31, 2022 and the weighted average effective annual interest rate, including fees (such as fees on undrawn amounts and amortization of financing costs), of 3.55 as of that date, our investment portfolio at fair value would have had to produce an annual return of approximately 2.00 to cover annual interest payments on the outstanding debt. For more information on our indebtedness, see Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

F. 

60 

Table of Contents 

G. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

62 

Table of Contents 

63 

Table of Contents 

64 

Table of Contents 

65 

Table of Contents 

66 

Table of Contents 

67 

Table of Contents 

68 

Table of Contents 

69 

Table of Contents 

70 

Table of Contents 

71 

Table of Contents 

72 

Table of Contents 

73 

Table of Contents 

74 

Table of Contents 

75 

Table of Contents 

76 

Table of Contents 

77 

Table of Contents 

78 

Table of Contents 

79 

Table of Contents 

80 

Table of Contents 

81 

Table of Contents 

82 

Table of Contents 

83 

Table of Contents 

84 

Table of Contents 

85 

Table of Contents 

86 

Table of Contents 

87 

Table of Contents 

88 

Table of Contents 

89 

Table of Contents 

90 

Table of Contents 

91 

Table of Contents 

92 

Table of Contents 

93 

Table of Contents 

94 

Table of Contents 

95 

Table of Contents 

96 

Table of Contents 

97 

Table of Contents 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 We do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operation. Our corporate headquarters are located at 345 Park Avenue, 31st floor, New York, New York 10154 and are provided by the Administrator in accordance with the terms of our Administration Agreement. We believe that our office facilities are suitable and adequate for our business as it is contemplated to be conducted. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, are any material legal proceeding threatened against us. From time to time, we may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. Our business is also subject to extensive regulation, which may result in regulatory proceedings against us. While the outcome of any such future legal or regulatory proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect that any such future proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 98 

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol BXSL. Our common stock has historically traded at prices above or below our NAV per share since our common stock began trading on the NYSE on October 28, 2021. It is not possible to predict whether our common stock will trade at a price per share at, above or below NAV per share. On February 24, 2023, the last reported closing sales price of our common stock on the NYSE was 25.29 per share, which represented a discount of 2.5 to NAV per share reported by us as of December 31, 2022. 
 Holders 
 As of February 22, 2023, there were 111 holders of record of our shares. This number does not include shareholders for whom shares are held in nominee or street name. 
 Distributions and Dividend Reinvestment 
 We generally intend to distribute, out of assets legally available for distribution, substantially all of our available earnings, on a quarterly basis, as determined by the Board in its discretion. We can offer no assurance that we will achieve results that will permit the payment of any cash distributions and, if we issue senior securities, we will be prohibited from making distributions if doing so causes us to fail to maintain the asset coverage ratios stipulated by the 1940 Act or if distributions are limited by the terms of any of our borrowings. 
 The following table summarizes our distributions declared and payable for the year ended December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands except per share amounts): Date Declared Record Date Payment Date Per Share Amount Total Amount October 18, 2021 January 18, 2022 May 13, 2022 0.1000 16,927 (1) October 18, 2021 March 16, 2022 May 13, 2022 0.1500 25,454 (1) February 23, 2022 March 31, 2022 May 13, 2022 0.5300 89,937 October 18, 2021 May 16, 2022 August 12, 2022 0.2000 33,995 (1) May 2, 2022 June 30, 2022 August 12, 2022 0.5300 89,169 October 18, 2021 July 18, 2022 November 14, 2022 0.2000 32,976 (1) August 30, 2022 September 30, 2022 November 14, 2022 0.6000 97,094 November 2, 2022 December 30, 2022 January 31, 2023 0.6000 96,882 Total distributions 2.9100 482,434 
 (1) Represents a special distribution. 
 Pursuant to our dividend reinvestment plan, the following table summarizes the amounts received and shares issued to shareholders who have not opted out of our dividend reinvestment plan during the year ended December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands except share amounts): 
 Payment Date DRIP Shares Value DRIP Shares Issued January 31, 2022 11,469 417,379 May 13, 2022 16,501 640,829 August 12, 2022 11,470 455,148 November 14, 2022 12,942 541,489 Total distributions 52,382 2,054,845 
 99 

Table of Contents 

Share Repurchase Plan 
 In October 2021, our Board approved a share repurchase plan (the Company 10b5-1 Plan ), to acquire up to approximately 262 million (representing the net proceeds from the IPO) in the aggregate of our common shares at prices below our NAV per share over a specified period, in accordance with the guidelines specified in Rule 10b-18 and Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act. The Company 10b5-1 Plan terminated by its own terms in November 2022. In February 2023, our Board authorized a share repurchase plan, under which we may repurchase up to 250 million in the aggregate of our outstanding common shares in the open market at prices below our NAV per share for a one-year term, in accordance with the guidelines specified in Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act (the Company 10b-18 Plan ). The timing, manner, price and amount of any share repurchases will be determined by us, in our sole discretion, based upon the evaluation of economic and market conditions, stock price, applicable legal and regulatory requirements and other factors. 
 The following table summarizes the shares repurchased under the Company 10b5-1 Plan during the year ended December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands except share amounts and per share amounts): 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program April 1 - April 30, 2022 262,000 May 1 - May 31, 2022 774,558 25.24 774,558 242,447 June 1 - June 30, 2022 1,313,782 24.49 1,313,782 210,275 July 1 - July 31, 2022 2,394,113 23.20 2,394,113 154,736 August 1 - August 31, 2022 2,223,389 24.22 2,223,389 100,886 September 1 - September 30, 2022 2,251,657 24.14 2,251,657 46,527 October 1 - October 31, 2022 2,002,432 23.67 2,002,432 Total Repurchases 10,959,931 10,959,931 
 
 Price Range of Common Stock 
 0.78 Second Quarter 25.89 ) 0.73 Third Quarter 25.76 ) ) 0.80 Fourth Quarter 25.93 ) ) 0.60 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Fourth Quarter 26.27 N/A 0.53 
 (1) NAV per share is determined as of the last day in the relevant quarter and therefore may not reflect the NAV per share on the date of the high and low closing sales prices. The NAV shown are based on outstanding shares at the end of the relevant quarter. 
 (2) Calculated as the respective high or low closing sales price less NAV, divided by NAV (in each case, as of the applicable quarter). 
 (3) Represents the dividend or distribution declared and payable in the relevant quarter. 
 100 

Table of Contents 

Stock Performance Graph 
 
 This graph compares the stockholder return on our common stock from October 28, 2021 (the date our common stock commenced trading on the NYSE) to December 31, 2022 with that of the Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index, Standard Poor s BDC Index and Standard Poor s LSTA Leveraged Loan Stock Index. This graph assumes that on October 28, 2021, 100 was invested in our common stock, the Standard Poor s BDC Index, the Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index and the Standard Poor s LSTA Leveraged Loan Stock Index. The graph also assumes the reinvestment of all cash dividends prior to any tax effect. The graph and other information furnished under this Part II Item 5 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C under, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of, the Exchange Act. The stock price performance included in the below graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock performance. 
 
 COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN AMONG BLACKSTONE SECURED LENDING FUND STANDARD POOR S 500 INDEX, STANDARD POOR S BDC INDEX AND STANDARD POOR S LSTA LEVERAGED LOAN INDEX 

Item 6. (Reserved.) 

101 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 This section of this Form 10-K generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year to year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. For the discussion of 2021 compared to 2020 see Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which specific discussion is incorporated herein by reference. The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. This discussion contains forward-looking statements and involves numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to those described in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K Risk Factors. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated by such forward-looking information due to factors discussed under Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Overview and Investment Framework 
 We are a Delaware statutory trust structured as a non-diversified, closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. In addition, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we elected to be treated as a RIC under the Code. We are managed by our Adviser. The Administrator will provide the administrative services necessary for us to operate. 
 Our investment objectives are to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, long-term capital appreciation. 
 Under normal market conditions, we generally invest at least 80 of our total assets (net assets plus borrowings for investment purposes) in secured debt investments and our portfolio is composed primarily of first lien senior secured and unitranche loans. To a lesser extent, we have and may continue to also invest in second lien, third lien, unsecured or subordinated loans and other debt and equity securities. We do not currently focus on investments in issuers that are distressed or in need of rescue financing. 
 
 Key Components of Our Results of Operations 
 Investments 
 We focus primarily on loans and securities, including syndicated loans, of private U.S. companies, which includes small and middle market companies. In many market environments, we believe such a focus offers an opportunity for superior risk-adjusted returns. 
 
 Our level of investment activity (both the number of investments and the size of each investment) can and will vary substantially from period to period depending on many factors, including the amount of debt and equity capital available to middle market companies, the level of merger and acquisition activity for such companies, the general economic environment, trading prices of loans and other securities and the competitive environment for the types of investments we make. 
 Revenues 
 We generate revenues in the form of interest income from the debt securities we hold and dividends. Our debt investments typically have a term of five to eight years and bear interest at floating rates on the basis of a benchmark such as LIBOR, SOFR, or SONIA. In some instances, we receive payments on our debt investments based on scheduled amortization of the outstanding balances. In addition, we may receive repayments of some of our debt investments prior to their scheduled maturity date. The frequency or volume of these repayments fluctuates significantly from period to period. Our portfolio activity also reflects the proceeds of sales of securities. In some cases, our investments may provide for deferred interest payments or PIK interest. The principal amount of loans and any accrued but unpaid interest generally become due at the maturity date. 
 In addition, we generate revenue from various fees in the ordinary course of business such as in the form of commitment, loan origination, structuring, consent, waiver, amendment, syndication and other miscellaneous fees as well as fees for providing managerial assistance to our portfolio companies. 
 102 

Table of Contents 

Expenses 
 Except as specifically provided below, all investment professionals and staff of the Adviser, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory services to us, and the base compensation, bonus and benefits, and the routine overhead expenses, of such personnel allocable to such services, will be provided and paid for by the Adviser. We bear all other costs and expenses of our operations, administration and transactions, including, but not limited to (a) investment advisory fees, including management fees and incentive fees, to the Adviser, pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement; (b) our allocable portion of compensation, overhead (including rent, office equipment and utilities) and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its administrative obligations under the Administration Agreement, including but not limited to: (i) our chief compliance officer, chief financial officer and their respective staffs; (ii) investor relations, legal, operations and other non-investment professionals at the Administrator that perform duties for us; and (iii) any internal audit group personnel of Blackstone or any of its affiliates; and (c) all other expenses of our operations, administrations and transactions. 
 From time to time, the Adviser, the Administrator or their affiliates may pay third-party providers of goods or services on our behalf. We will reimburse the Adviser, Administrator or such affiliates thereof for any such amounts. From time to time, the Adviser or the Administrator may defer or waive fees and/or rights to be reimbursed for expenses. The Administrator has elected to forgo any reimbursement for rent and other occupancy costs for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. However, the Administrator may seek reimbursement for such costs in future periods. All of the foregoing expenses will ultimately be borne by our shareholders. 
 Costs and expenses of the Administrator and the Adviser that are eligible for reimbursement by us will be reasonably allocated on the basis of time spent, assets under management, usage rates, proportionate holdings, a combination thereof or other reasonable methods determined by the Administrator in accordance with policies adopted by the Board. 
 
 Portfolio and Investment Activity 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we acquired 1,109.6 million aggregate principal amount of investments (including 90.3 million of unfunded commitments), 1,074.5 million of which was first lien debt, 7.9 million of which was second lien debt, 14.0 million of which was unsecured debt and 13.2 million of which was equity. 
 103 

Table of Contents 

Our investment activity is presented below (information presented herein is at amortized cost unless otherwise indicated) (dollar amounts in thousands): For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Investments: Total investments, beginning of period 9,745,126 5,575,482 3,067,767 New investments purchased (1) 
 1,002,091 6,833,479 4,536,541 Net accretion of discount on investments 47,429 62,799 50,058 Net realized gain (loss) on investments 37,402 7,785 (4,378) Investments sold or repaid (1,174,176) (2,734,419) (2,074,506) Total investments, end of period 9,657,872 9,745,126 5,575,482 Amount of investments funded at principal: First lien debt investments 984,200 6,672,961 4,436,388 Second lien debt investments 7,896 68,519 35,352 Unsecured debt 14,023 52,670 129,933 Equity investments 13,144 90,286 17,852 Total 1,019,263 6,884,436 4,619,525 Proceeds from investments sold or repaid: First lien debt investments (1,077,767) (2,632,926) (1,923,689) Second lien debt investments (20,907) (48,024) (18,473) Unsecured debt (13,535) (52,537) (131,629) Warrants (8,514) Equity investments (53,453) (932) (715) Total (1,174,176) (2,734,419) (2,074,506) Number of portfolio companies 176 148 81 Number of new investment commitments in new portfolio companies 53 117 40 Average new investment commitment amount 19,231 58,841 115,488 Weighted average yield of new investment commitments 
 10.16 7.03 7.42 Weighted average yield on investments fully sold or paid down 7.14 7.45 7.81 Weighted average yield on debt and income producing investments, at amortized cost (2)(3) 
 10.64 7.25 7.70 Weighted average yield on debt and income producing investments, at fair value (2)(3) 
 10.73 7.21 7.68 Average loan to value (LTV) (4) 
 47.5 44.0 45.8 Percentage of debt investments bearing a floating rate 99.9 99.9 100.0 Percentage of debt investments bearing a fixed rate 0.1 0.1 
 (1) Includes payment-in-kind PIK interest received that increases the loan principal. 
 (2) Computed as (a) the annual stated interest rate or yield plus the annual accretion of discounts or less the annual amortization of premiums, as applicable, on accruing debt included in such securities, divided by (b) total debt investments (at fair value or cost, as applicable) included in such securities. Actual yields earned over the life of each investment could differ materially from the yields presented above. 
 (3) As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the weighted average total portfolio yield at cost was 10.52 , 7.16 and 7.65 , respectively. The weighted average total portfolio yield at fair value was 10.56 , 7.08 and 7.64 , respectively. 
 (4) Includes all private debt investments for which fair value is determined by our Board in conjunction with a third-party valuation firm and excludes quoted assets. Average loan-to-value represents the net ratio of loan-to-value for each portfolio company, weighted based on the fair value of total applicable private debt investments. Loan-to-value is calculated as the current total net debt through each respective loan tranche divided by the estimated enterprise value of the portfolio company as of the most recent quarter end. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio companies had a weighted average annual revenue of 698 million and weighted average annual EBITDA of 167 million. These calculations include all private debt investments for which fair value is determined by the Board of Trustees in conjunction with a third-party valuation firm and excludes quoted assets. Amounts are weighted based on fair value of each respective investment. Amounts were derived from the most recently available 
 104 

Table of Contents 

portfolio company financial statements, have not been independently estimated by us, and may reflect a normalized or adjusted amount. Accordingly, we make no representation or warranty in respect of this information. 
 Our investments consisted of the following (dollar amounts in thousands): December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cost Fair Value of Total Investments at Fair Value Cost Fair Value of Total Investments at Fair Value First lien debt 9,497,570 9,419,963 97.95 9,563,051 9,621,939 97.63 Second lien debt 48,753 46,336 0.48 62,445 63,175 0.64 Equity 111,549 150,949 1.57 119,630 170,265 1.73 Total 9,657,872 9,617,248 100.00 9,745,126 9,855,379 100.00 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, no loans in the portfolio were on non-accrual status. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The following table represents the operating results (dollar amounts in thousands): For The Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Total investment income 850,292 624,700 389,641 Net expenses 365,130 270,586 149,543 Net investment income before excise tax 485,162 354,114 240,098 Excise tax expense 1,386 2,438 517 Net investment income after excise tax 483,776 351,676 239,581 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) (122,149) 104,178 (16,582) Net realized gain (loss) 42,929 4,568 (4,361) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 404,556 460,422 218,638 
 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations can vary from period to period as a result of various factors, including acquisitions, the level of new investment commitments, the recognition of realized gains and losses and changes in unrealized appreciation and depreciation on the investment portfolio. As a result, comparisons may not be meaningful. 
 Investment Income 
 Investment income was as follows (dollar amounts in thousands): For The Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Interest income 796,499 610,508 381,797 Payment-in-kind interest income 40,324 8,188 7,119 Dividend income 9,307 219 Fee income 4,162 5,785 725 Total investment income 850,292 624,700 389,641 
 Total investment income increased to 850.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 225.6 million, or 36 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily attributable to increased reference interest rates driving increased interest income from our investments. The size of our investment portfolio at fair value decreased slightly to 9,617.2 million at December 31, 2022 from 9,855.4 million at December 31, 2021. Additionally, for the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded 4.9 million of non-recurring interest income (e.g., prepayment premiums, accelerated accretion of upfront loan origination fees and unamortized discounts, etc.) as compared to 60.9 million in the prior year primarily a result of decreased prepayments. We expect that investment income will vary based on a variety of factors including the pace of our originations, repayments and changes in interest rates. 
 105 

Table of Contents 

While rising interest rates have favorably impacted our investment income during 2022, further interest rate increases and the resulting higher cost of capital have the potential to negatively impact the free cash flow and credit quality of certain borrowers which could impact their ability to make principal and interest payments. If such interest rate increases occur concurrently with a period of economic weakness or a slowdown in growth, our borrowers and/or our portfolio performance may be negatively impacted. Further, significant market dislocation as a result of changing economic conditions could limit the liquidity of certain assets traded in the credit markets, and this would impact our ability to sell such assets at attractive prices or in a timely manner. 
 Expenses 
 Expenses were as follows (dollar amounts in thousands): For The Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Interest expense 203,579 120,469 65,949 Management fees (Note 3) 101,707 62,401 32,874 Income based incentive fees (Note 3) 97,154 67,272 41,983 Capital gains incentive fees (Note 3) (11,883) 16,312 (3,141) Professional fees 4,011 2,925 1,999 Board of Trustees' fees 853 571 467 Administrative service expenses 2,672 2,370 2,271 Other general and administrative 6,343 4,794 4,166 Amortization of offering costs 1,509 Excise tax expense 1,386 2,438 517 Total expenses (including excise tax expense) 405,822 279,552 148,594 Management fees waived (25,427) (4,195) Incentive fees waived (13,879) (2,333) Expense support Recoupment of expense support 1,466 Net expenses (including excise tax expense) 366,516 273,024 150,060 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Total interest expense (including unused fees and other debt financing expenses), increased to 203.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 83.1 million, or 69 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by increased borrowings under our credit facilities during the year and an increase in our weighted average interest rate on our borrowings relative to the prior year. The average principal debt outstanding increased to 5,732.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 4,000.8 million in the prior year. Our weighted average interest rate increased to 3.46 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 2.92 in the prior year. 
 Management Fees 
 Management fees increased to 101.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 39.3 million, or 63 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase in average quarter end gross assets during 2022 compared to the prior year. The Adviser voluntarily waived management fees following the IPO such that the management fee will remain at 0.75 for a period of two years following the IPO (versus the contractual rate of 1.00 ), which resulted in a waiver of 25.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Management fees net of amounts waived increased 18.1 million, or 31 compared to the prior year. 
 Our average quarter end total gross assets increased to 10,137.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 8,289.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 106 

Table of Contents 

Income Based Incentive Fees 
 Income based incentive fees increased to 97.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 an increase of 29.9 million, or 44 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase in pre-incentive fee net investment income. The Adviser voluntarily waived incentive fees following the IPO such that the fee will remain at 15.0 for a period of two years following the IPO (versus the contractual rate of 17.5 ), which resulted in waivers of 13.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Incentive fees net of amounts waived increased 18.3 million or 28 . 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income increased to 555.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 432.9 million in the prior year. 
 Capital Gains Incentive Fees 
 We accrued capital gains incentive fees of (11.9) million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 16.3 million for the prior year. The reversal of previously accrued incentive fees was attributable to net realized and unrealized losses in the current year. The accrual for any capital gains incentive fee under U.S. GAAP in a given period may result in an additional expense if such cumulative amount is greater than in the prior period or a reduction of previously recorded expense if such cumulative amount is less in the prior period. If such cumulative amount is negative, then there is no accrual. 
 Other Expenses 
 Professional fees include legal, rating agencies, audit, tax, valuation, technology and other professional fees incurred related to the management of us. Administrative service fees represent fees paid to the Administrator for our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the administration agreement, including our allocable portion of the cost of certain of our executive officers, their respective staff and other non-investment professionals that perform duties for us. Prior to the IPO, offering costs included costs associated with our private offering. Other general and administrative expenses include insurance, filing, research, our sub-administrator, subscriptions and other costs. 
 Total other expenses increased to 13.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 10.6 million in the prior year, primarily driven by an increase in professional fees and certain other general and administrative expenses. 
 Income Taxes, Including Excise Taxes 
 We elected to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code, and we intend to operate in a manner so as to continue to qualify for the tax treatment applicable to RICs. To qualify for tax treatment as a RIC, we must, among other things, distribute to our shareholders in each taxable year generally at least 90 of the sum of our investment company taxable income, as defined by the Code (without regard to the deduction for dividends paid), and net tax-exempt income for that taxable year. To maintain our tax treatment as a RIC, we, among other things, intend to make the requisite distributions to our shareholders, which generally relieve us from corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes. 
 Depending on the level of taxable income earned in a tax year, we may carry forward taxable income (including net capital gains, if any) in excess of current year dividend distributions from the current tax year into the next tax year and pay a nondeductible 4 U.S. federal excise tax on such taxable income, as required. To the extent that we determine that our estimated current year annual taxable income will be in excess of estimated current year dividend distributions from such income, we will accrue excise tax on estimated excess taxable income. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we incurred 1.4 million, 2.4 million and 0.5 million, respectively, of U.S. federal excise tax. 
 107 

Table of Contents 

Net Unrealized Gain (Loss) 
 Net unrealized gain (loss) was comprised of the following (dollar amounts in thousands): For The Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net unrealized gain (loss) on investments (126,493) 104,727 (16,593) Net unrealized gain (loss) on translation of assets and liabilities in foreign currencies 4,344 (549) 11 Net unrealized gain (loss) on investments (122,149) 104,178 (16,582) 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we has net unrealized losses of 122.1 million, compared to unrealized gains of 104.2 million during the prior year, were primarily driven by an decrease in the fair value of our debt investments. The fair value of our debt investments as a percentage of principal decreased by 0.8 as compared to a 1.0 increase for the same period in prior year driven, in part, by inflation and changes in the economic outlook during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Net Realized Gain (Loss) 
 
 The realized gains and losses on fully exited and partially exited investments comprised of the following (dollar amounts in thousands): 
 For The Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net realized gain (loss) on investments 37,402 7,785 (4,378) Net realized gain (loss) on foreign currency transactions 5,527 (3,217) 17 Net realized gain (loss) on investments 42,929 4,568 (4,361) 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated realized gains on investments of 45.1 million, partially offset by realized losses on investments of 7.7 million, primarily from full or partial sales of our debt investments. 
 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 and , respectively. We seek to carefully consider our unfunded commitments for the purpose of planning our ongoing financial leverage. Further, we maintain sufficient borrowing capacity within the 150 asset coverage limitation to cover any outstanding unfunded commitments we are required to fund. 
 Cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022, taken together with our 987.0 million of unused capacity under our credit facilities (subject to borrowing base availability) is expected to be sufficient for our investing activities and to conduct our operations in the near term. Additionally, we held 144.5 million of Level 2 debt investments as of December 31, 2022, which could provide additional liquidity if necessary. Although we were able to issue unsecured debt during the year ended December 31, 2022, a deterioration in economic conditions or any other negative economic developments could restrict our access to financing in the future. We may not be able to find new financing for future investments or liquidity needs and, 
 108 

Table of Contents 

Equity 
 There were no equity issuances of our common shares during the year ended December 31, 2022, except those issued to our shareholders through our dividend reinvestment plan . 
 Distributions 
 The following table summarizes the Company s distributions declared and payable for the year ended December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands except per share amounts): Date Declared Record Date Payment Date Per Share Amount Total Amount October 18, 2021 January 18, 2022 May 13, 2022 0.1000 16,927 (1) October 18, 2021 March 16, 2022 May 13, 2022 0.1500 25,454 (1) February 23, 2022 March 31, 2022 May 13, 2022 0.5300 89,937 October 18, 2021 May 16, 2022 August 12, 2022 0.2000 33,995 (1) May 2, 2022 June 30, 2022 August 12, 2022 0.5300 89,169 October 18, 2021 July 18, 2022 November 14, 2022 0.2000 32,976 (1) August 30, 2022 September 30, 2022 November 14, 2022 0.6000 97,094 November 2, 2022 December 30, 2022 January 31, 2023 0.6000 96,882 Total distributions 2.9100 482,434 
 (1) Represents a special distribution. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, interest-related dividends represented 86.4 , 85.2 and 77.9 , of total dividends paid by the Company, respectively. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, short-term capital gain dividends represented 1.8 , 11.0 and 17.0 , of total dividends paid by the Company, respectively. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, capital gain dividends represented 2.6 , 0.0 , and 0.0 , of total dividends paid by the Company, respectively. Qualified short-term capital gain dividends are exempt from U.S. withholding tax applicable to non-U.S. shareholders. 
 With respect to distributions, we have adopted an opt out dividend reinvestment plan for shareholders. As a result, in the event of a declared cash distribution or other distribution, each shareholder that has not opted out of the dividend reinvestment plan will have their dividends or distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares rather than receiving cash distributions. Shareholders who receive distributions in the form of shares will be subject to the same U.S. federal, state and local tax consequences as if they received cash distributions. 
 109 

Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes the amounts and shares issued to shareholders who have not opted out of our dividend reinvestment plan during the year ended December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands, except share amounts): 
 Payment Date DRIP Shares Value DRIP Shares Issued January 31, 2022 11,469 417,379 May 13, 2022 16,501 640,829 August 12, 2022 11,470 455,148 November 14, 2022 12,942 541,489 Total distributions 52,382 2,054,845 
 
 For additional information on our distributions and dividend reinvestment plan, see Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 8. Net Assets." 
 
 Share Repurchase Plan 
 In October 2021, our Board approved a share repurchase plan (the "Company 10b5-1 Plan" ), to acquire up to approximately 262 million (representing the net proceeds from the IPO) in the aggregate of our common shares at prices below our NAV per share over a specified period, in accordance with the guidelines specified in Rule 10b-18 and Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act. The Company 10b5-1 Plan terminated by its own terms in November 2022. In February 2023, our Board authorized a share repurchase plan, under which we may repurchase up to 250 million in the aggregate of our outstanding common shares in the open market at prices below our NAV per share for a one-year term, in accordance with the guidelines specified in Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act (the Company 10b-18 Plan ). The timing, manner, price and amount of any share repurchases will be determined by us, in our sole discretion, based upon the evaluation of economic and market conditions, stock price, applicable legal and regulatory requirements and other factors. 
 
 The following table summarizes the shares repurchased under the Company 10b5-1 Plan during the year ended December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands except share amounts): 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program April 1 - April 30, 2022 262,000 May 1 - May 31, 2022 774,558 25.24 774,558 242,447 June 1 - June 30, 2022 1,313,782 24.49 1,313,782 210,275 July 1 - July 31, 2022 2,394,113 23.20 2,394,113 154,736 August 1 - August 31, 2022 2,223,389 24.22 2,223,389 100,886 September 1 - September 30, 2022 2,251,657 24.14 2,251,657 46,527 October 1- October 31, 2022 2,002,432 23.67 2,002,432 Total Repurchases 10,959,931 10,959,931 
 For additional information on our changes in net assets and distributions see Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 8. Net Assets. 
 
 Borrowings 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had an aggregate principal amount of 5,563.0 million and 5,544.3 million, respectively, of debt outstanding. 
 For additional information on our debt obligations see Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 6. Borrowings. 

110 

Table of Contents 

Related-Party Transactions 
 We have entered into a number of business relationships with affiliated or related parties, including the following: 
 the Investment Advisory Agreement; and 
 the Administration Agreement; 
 In addition to the aforementioned agreements, we, our Adviser and certain of our Adviser s affiliates have been granted exemptive relief by the SEC to co-invest with other funds managed by our Adviser or its affiliates in a manner consistent with our investment objectives, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors. See Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 3. Agreements and Related Party Transactions. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 Macroeconomic Environment 
 The U.S. Federal Reserve s numerous actions to increase interest rates in order to control inflation have created further uncertainty for the economy and for our borrowers. Although our business model is such that rising interest rates will, all else being equal, correlate to increases in our net income, increases in interest rates may adversely affect our existing borrowers. It is difficult to predict the full impact of recent changes and any future changes in interest rates or inflation. 
 Many of our portfolio companies may be susceptible to economic downturns or recessions and may be unable to repay our loans during these periods. Therefore, during these periods our non-performing assets may increase and the value of our portfolio may decrease if we are required to write down the values of our investments. Adverse economic conditions may also decrease the value of collateral securing some of our loans and the value of our equity investments. Economic slowdowns or recessions could lead to financial losses in our portfolio and a decrease in revenues, net income and assets. Unfavorable economic conditions could increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. These events could prevent us from increasing investments and harm our operating results. 
 
 Reference Rate Reform 
 
 LIBOR and certain other floating rate benchmark indices to which our floating rate loans and other loan agreements are tied, including, without limitation, the Euro Interbank Offered Rate, or EURIBOR, the Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate, or STIBOR, the Australian Bank Bill Swap Reference Rate, or BBSY, the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate, or CDOR, the Swiss Average Rate Overnight, or SARON, and the Copenhagen Interbank Offering Rate, or CIBOR, or collectively, IBORs, are the subject of recent national, international and regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. As of December 31, 2021, the ICE Benchmark Association, or IBA, ceased publication of all non-USD LIBOR and the one-week and two-month USD LIBOR and, as and previously announced, intends to cease publication of remaining U.S. dollar LIBOR settings immediately after June 30, 2023. Further, on March 15, 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2022, which includes the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act, was signed into law in the U.S. This legislation establishes a uniform benchmark replacement process for financial contracts maturing after June 30, 2023 that do not contain clearly defined or practicable fallback provisions. The legislation also creates a safe harbor that shields lenders from litigation if they choose to utilize a replacement rate recommended by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve. 
 
 At this time, it is not possible to predict how markets will respond to SOFR, SONIA, or other alternative reference rates as the transition away from USD LIBOR and GBP LIBOR proceeds. Despite the LIBOR transition in other markets, benchmark rate methodologies in Europe, Australia, Canada, Switzerland, and Denmark have been reformed and rates such as EURIBOR, STIBOR, BBSY, CDOR, SARON, and CIBOR may persist as International Organization of Securities Commissions, or IOSCO, compliant reference rates moving forward. However, multi-rate environments may persist in these markets as regulators and working groups have suggested market participants adopt alternative reference rates. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Changes in the economic environment, financial markets, and any other parameters used in determining such estimates could cause actual results to differ. Our critical accounting policies and estimates should be read in connection with our risk factors described in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 111 

Table of Contents 

The Company is required to report its investments, including those for which current market values are not readily available, at fair value in accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements ASC 820 ), which defines fair value as the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the applicable measurement date, and Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act. 
 Fair value is based on observable market prices or parameters or derived from such prices or parameters when such quotations are readily available. In accordance with Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act, a market quotation is "readily available" only when it is a quoted price (unadjusted) in active markets for identical instruments that a fund can access at the measurement date, provided that such a quotation is not considered to be readily available if it is not reliable. The Company utilizes mid-market pricing (i.e., mid-point of average bid and ask prices) to value these investments. These market quotations are obtained from independent pricing services, if available; otherwise generally from at least two principal market makers or primary market dealers. To assess the continuing appropriateness of pricing sources and methodologies, the Adviser regularly performs price verification procedures and issues challenges, as necessary, to independent pricing services or brokers, and any differences are reviewed in accordance with the valuation procedures. The Adviser does not adjust the prices unless it has a reason to believe market quotations are not reflective of the fair value of an investment. Examples of events that would cause market quotations to not reflect fair value could include cases when a security trades infrequently or not at all, causing a quoted purchase or sale price to become stale, or in the event of a fire sale by a distressed seller. All price overrides require approval from the Board. 
 Where prices or inputs are not available or, in the judgment of the Board are not reliable, valuation techniques based on the facts and circumstances of the particular investment will be utilized. Securities that are not publicly traded or for which market prices are not readily available are valued at fair value as determined in good faith by the Board, based on, among other things, the input of the Adviser, the Audit Committee of the Board (the Audit Committee and independent valuation firms engaged on the recommendation of the Adviser and at the direction of the Board. These valuation approaches involve some level of management estimation and judgment, the degree of which is dependent on the price transparency for the investments or market and the investments complexity. 
 The Company s Board undertakes a multi-step valuation process each quarter in connection with determining the fair value of the Company s investments for which reliable market quotations are not readily available, or are available but deemed not reflective of the fair value of an investment, which includes, among other procedures, the following: 
 The valuation process begins with each investment being preliminarily valued by the Adviser s valuation team in conjunction with the Adviser s investment professionals responsible for each portfolio investment; 
 In addition, independent valuation firms engaged by the Board prepare quarter-end valuations of such investments except de minimis investments, as determined by the Adviser. The independent valuation firms provide a final range of values on such investments to the Board and the Adviser. The independent valuation firms also provide analyses to support their valuation methodology and calculations; 
 The Adviser s Valuation Committee reviews each valuation recommendation to confirm they have been calculated in accordance with the valuation policy and compares such valuations to the independent valuation firms valuation ranges to ensure the Adviser s valuations are reasonable; 
 The Adviser s Valuation Committee makes valuation recommendations to the Audit Committee; 
 The Audit Committee reviews the valuation recommendations made by the Adviser's Valuation Committee, including the independent valuation firms' quarterly valuations, and once approved, recommends them for approval by the Board; and 
 The Board reviews the valuation recommendations of the Audit Committee and determines the fair value of each investment in the portfolio in good faith based on the input of the Audit Committee, the Adviser's Valuation Committee and, where applicable, the independent valuation firms and other external service providers. 
 Valuation of each of our investments will generally be made, as described above, as of the end of each fiscal quarter. In cases where the Company determines its net asset value NAV at times other than a quarter end, the Company updates the value of securities with market quotations to the most recent market quotation. For securities without market quotations, non-quarterly valuations will generally be the most recent quarterly valuation unless the Adviser determines that a significant observable change has occurred since the most recent quarter end with respect to the investment (which determination may be as a result of a material event at a portfolio company, material change in market spreads, secondary market transaction in the securities of an investment or otherwise). If the Adviser determines such a change has occurred with respect to one or more investments, the Adviser will determine whether to update the value for each relevant investment using a range of values from 
 112 

Table of Contents 

an independent valuation firm, where applicable, in accordance with the Company's valuation policy, pursuant to authority delegated by the Board. 
 As part of the valuation process, the Board takes into account relevant factors in determining the fair value of the Company's investments for which reliable market quotations are not readily available, many of which are loans, including and in combination, as relevant, of: (i) the estimated enterprise value of a portfolio company, (ii) the nature and realizable value of any collateral, (iii) the portfolio company s ability to make payments based on its earnings and cash flow, (iv) the markets in which the portfolio company does business, (v) a comparison of the portfolio company s securities to any similar publicly traded securities, and (vi) overall changes in the interest rate environment and the credit markets that may affect the price at which similar investments may be made in the future. When an external event such as a purchase transaction, public offering or subsequent equity or debt sale occurs, the Board with the assistance of the Adviser, the Audit Committee and Independent valuation firms, considers whether the pricing indicated by the external event corroborates its valuation. 
 The Board has and will continue to engage independent valuation firms to provide assistance regarding the determination of the fair value of the Company s portfolio securities for which market quotations are not readily available or are readily available but deemed not reflective of the fair value of the investment each quarter, and the Board may reasonably rely on that assistance. However, the Board is responsible for the ultimate valuation of the portfolio investments at fair value as determined in good faith pursuant to the Company s valuation policy and a consistently applied valuation process. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Uncertainty with respect to the economic conditions has introduced significant volatility in the financial markets, and the effect of the volatility could materially impact our market risks, including those listed below. We are subject to financial market risks, including valuation risk and interest rate risk. 
 Valuation Risk 
 We have invested, and plan to continue to invest, primarily in illiquid debt and equity securities of private companies. Most of our investments will not have a readily available market price, and we value these investments at fair value as determined in good faith by our Board, based on, among other things, the input of the Adviser, our Audit Committee and independent third-party valuation firms engaged at the direction of the Board, and in accordance with our valuation policy. There is no single standard for determining fair value. As a result, determining fair value requires that judgment be applied to the specific facts and circumstances of each portfolio investment while employing a consistently applied valuation process for the types of investments we make. If we were required to liquidate a portfolio investment in a forced or liquidation sale, we may realize amounts that are different from the amounts presented and such differences could be material. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rate sensitivity refers to the change in earnings that may result from changes in the level of interest rates. We intend to fund portions of our investments with borrowings, and at such time, our net investment income will be affected by the difference between the rate at which we invest and the rate at which we borrow. Accordingly, we cannot assure shareholders that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 99.9 of our debt investments based on fair value in our portfolio were at floating rates. Based on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, the following table shows the annualized impact on net income of hypothetical base rate changes in interest rates (considering interest rate floors and ceilings for floating rate instruments assuming no changes in our investment and borrowing structure) (dollar amounts in thousands): Interest Income Interest Expense Net Income (1) Up 300 basis points 289,753 (71,700) 218,052 Up 200 basis points 193,169 (47,800) 145,368 Up 100 basis points 96,584 (23,900) 72,684 Down 100 basis points (96,584) 23,900 (72,684) Down 200 basis points (193,055) 47,800 (145,255) 
 113 

Table of Contents 

(1) Excludes the impact of incentive fees. See Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 3. Agreements and Related Party Transactions" for further information. 
 Inflation 
 Economic activity has continued to accelerate across sectors and regions. Nevertheless, due to global supply chain issues, geopolitical events, a rise in energy prices and strong consumer demand as economies continue to reopen, inflation is showing signs of acceleration in the U.S. and globally. Inflation is likely to continue in the near to medium-term, particularly in the U.S., with the possibility that monetary policy may tighten in response. Persistent inflationary pressures could affect our portfolio companies profit margins. 
 114 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 116 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 118 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 119 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 120 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 121 
 Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of December 31, 202 2 and December 31, 202 1 
 123 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 152 

115 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Trustees of Blackstone Secured Lending Fund: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Highlights 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities of Blackstone Secured Lending Fund and subsidiaries (the Company ), including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period then ended, the financial highlights for each of the years in the periods ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019 and from November 20, 2018 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2018, and the related notes. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements and financial highlights present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period then ended, and the financial highlights for each of the periods ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019 and the period from November 20, 2018 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2018 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 27, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements and financial highlights are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements and financial highlights based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements and financial highlights are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements and financial highlights, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements and financial highlights. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements and financial highlights. Our procedures included confirmation of investments owned as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, by correspondence with the custodian, loan agents, and borrowers; when replies were not received, we performed other auditing procedures. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Fair Value Investments Refer to Footnote 2 and 5 in the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 As described in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company held 9,472,796 thousand of total level 3 investments at fair value as of December 31, 2022, with debt investments representing approximately 98.4 of this total. For 9,083,469 thousand or 97.4 of the level 3 debt investments, the fair values were determined by the Adviser using a yield analysis. The significant unobservable input used in the yield analysis is the discount rate based on comparable market yields. 
 
 We identified the valuation of level 3 debt investments utilizing a yield analysis as a critical audit matter given the significant judgments made by the Adviser to estimate the fair value. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and extensive audit effort, including the need to involve fair value specialists who possess significant valuation experience, to evaluate the appropriateness of the valuation methodologies and the significant unobservable inputs. 
 116 

Table of Contents 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the valuation methodologies and the significant unobservable inputs used to estimate the fair value of debt investments utilizing a yield analysis included the following, among others: 
 We evaluated the appropriateness of the valuation methodologies used by the Adviser. 
 We evaluated the appropriateness of the estimates in the yield analyses through independent analysis and evidence, including the selected yields for debt investments. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the valuation methodologies and related significant assumptions. 
 We evaluated the impact of current market events and conditions on the valuation methodologies and inputs used by the Adviser. 

/s/ 

February 27, 2023 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 
 
 117 

Table of Contents 

Blackstone Secured Lending Fund 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Investments at fair value Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments (cost of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 Non-controlled/affiliated investments (cost of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 Total investments at fair value (cost of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 Cash and cash equivalents Interest receivable from non-controlled/non-affiliated investments Deferred financing costs Receivable for investments sold Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES Debt (net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 Payable for investments purchased Due to affiliates Management fees payable (Note 3) Income based incentive fees payable (Note 3) Capital gains incentive fees payable (Note 3) Interest payable Distribution payable (Note 8) Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) NET ASSETS Common shares, par value (unlimited shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 Additional paid in capital Distributable earnings (loss) Total net assets Total liabilities and net assets NET ASSET VALUE PER SHARE 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 118 

Table of Contents 

Blackstone Secured Lending Fund 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Investment income: From non-controlled/non-affiliated investments: Interest income Payment-in-kind interest income Dividend income Fee income Total investment income Expenses: Interest expense Management fees (Note 3) Income based incentive fees (Note 3) Capital gains incentive fees (Note 3) ) ) Professional fees Board of Trustees' fees Administrative service expenses (Note 3) Other general and administrative Amortization of offering costs Total expenses Management fees waived (Note 3) ) ) Incentive fees waived (Note 3) ) ) Recoupment of expense support (Note 3) Net expenses Net investment income before excise tax Excise tax expense Net investment income after excise tax Realized and unrealized gain (loss): Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation): Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments ) ) Non-controlled/affiliated investments Translation of assets and liabilities in foreign currencies ) Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) ) ) Realized gain (loss): Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments ) Foreign currency transactions ) Net realized gain (loss) ) Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations Net investment income per share (basic and diluted) Earnings (loss) per share (basic and diluted) Weighted average shares outstanding (basic and diluted) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 119 

Table of Contents 

Blackstone Secured Lending Fund 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets 
 (in thousands) 
 Par Amount Additional Paid in Capital Distributable Earnings (Loss) Total Net Assets Balance, December 31, 2019 
 Issuance of common shares Reinvestment of dividends Net investment income Net realized gain (loss) on investments ) ) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments ) ) Dividends declared from net investment income ) ) Tax reclassification of shareholders' equity in accordance with U.S. GAAP ) Balance, December 31, 2020 
 Issuance of common shares, net of offering and underwriting costs Reinvestment of dividends Net investment income Net realized gain (loss) on investments Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments Dividends declared from net investment income ) ) Tax reclassification of shareholders' equity in accordance with U.S. GAAP ) Balance, December 31, 2021 
 Issuance of common shares, net of offering and underwriting costs Reinvestment of dividends Common shares repurchased ) ) ) Net investment income Net realized gain (loss) on investments Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments ) ) Dividends declared from net investment income ) ) Tax reclassification of shareholders' equity in accordance with U.S. GAAP ) Balance, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 Blackstone Secured Lending Fund 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Net unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments ) Net unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on translation of assets and liabilities in foreign currencies ) ) Net realized (gain) loss on investments ) ) Net accretion of discount and amortization of premium ) ) ) Payment-in-kind interest capitalized ) ) ) Amortization of deferred financing costs Amortization of debt financing and debt issuance costs Amortization of offering costs Purchases of investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of investments and principal repayments Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Interest receivable ) ) ) Receivable for investments ) ) Other assets Payable for investments purchased ) ) Management fee payable Income based incentive fee payable Capital gains incentive fee payable ) ) Due to affiliates Interest payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Borrowings on debt Repayments on debt ) ) ) Deferred financing costs paid ) ) ) Debt issuance costs paid ) ) Deferred offering costs paid ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common shares, net of offering and underwriting costs Dividends paid in cash ) ) ) Redemptions paid in cash ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
 121 

Table of Contents 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Supplemental information and non-cash activities: Interest paid during the period Distribution payable Subscription receivable Reinvestment of distributions during the period Non-cash deferred financing costs activity ) Non-cash debt issuance costs activity ) Accrued but unpaid offering costs Non-cash purchases of investments ) Non-cash sales of investments Excise taxes paid 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 122 

Table of Contents 

Blackstone Secured Lending Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 
 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2)(15) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (1) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated First Lien Debt Aerospace Defense Corfin Holdings, Inc. (4)(11) L + 2/5/2026 Corfin Holdings, Inc. (4)(11) L + 2/5/2026 Linquest Corp. (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 7/28/2028 MAG DS Corp. (4)(11) L + 4/1/2027 Maverick Acquisition, Inc. (4)(11) L + 6/1/2027 TCFI AEVEX, LLC (4)(11) L + 3/18/2026 Air Freight Logistics AGI-CFI Holdings, Inc. (4)(10) SOFR + 6/11/2027 ENV Bidco AB (4)(6)(10) SOFR + 7/19/2029 ENV Bidco AB (4)(6)(7)(8) E + 7/19/2029 EUR Livingston International, Inc. (4)(6)(10) L + 4/30/2027 Mode Purchaser, Inc. (4)(11) SOFR + 12/9/2026 Mode Purchaser, Inc. (4)(11) SOFR + 2/5/2029 Redwood Services Group, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 6/15/2029 RoadOne Inc (4)(7)(11) SOFR + 12/30/2028 RWL Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 12/31/2028 SEKO Global Logistics Network, LLC (4)(5)(6)(11) E + 12/30/2026 EUR SEKO Global Logistics Network, LLC (4)(5)(7)(11) L + 12/30/2026 Building Products Fencing Supply Group Acquisition, LLC (4)(5)(11) L + 2/26/2027 Jacuzzi Brands, LLC (4)(11) SOFR + 2/25/2025 L S Mechanical Acquisition, LLC (4)(5)(10) L + 9/1/2027 Lindstrom, LLC (4)(11) SOFR + 4/7/2025 Windows Acquisition Holdings, Inc. (4)(5)(11) L + 12/29/2026 Commercial Services Supplies Bazaarvoice, Inc. (4)(7)(8) SOFR + 5/7/2028 Java Buyer, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 12/15/2027 JSS Holdings, Inc. (4)(10) L + 12/27/2028 JSS Holdings, Inc. (4)(10) L + 12/27/2028 Knowledge Pro Buyer, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 12/10/2027 KPSKY Acquisition, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 10/19/2028 Onex Baltimore Buyer, Inc. (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 12/1/2027 The Action Environmental Group, Inc. (4)(5)(12) SOFR + 1/16/2026 
 123 

Table of Contents 

 Blackstone Secured Lending Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 
 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2)(15) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (1) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) The Action Environmental Group, Inc. (4)(5)(12) L + 1/16/2026 Veregy Consolidated, Inc. (4)(11) L + 11/2/2027 Construction Engineering ASP Endeavor Acquisition, LLC (4)(5)(9) L + 5/3/2027 COP Home Services TopCo IV, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(11) L + 12/31/2027 Containers Packaging Ascend Buyer, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 10/2/2028 Ascend Buyer, LLC (4)(10) SOFR + 9/30/2028 Distributors BP Purchaser, LLC (4)(10) L + 12/10/2028 Bution Holdco 2, Inc. (4)(11) L + 10/17/2025 Dana Kepner Company, LLC (4)(11) SOFR + 12/29/2026 Dana Kepner Company, LLC (4)(11) SOFR + 12/29/2027 Genuine Cable Group, LLC (4)(10) SOFR + 11/2/2026 Marcone Yellowstone Buyer, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(10) SOFR + 6/23/2028 Marcone Yellowstone Buyer, Inc. (4)(5)(10) SOFR + 6/23/2028 Marcone Yellowstone Buyer, Inc. (4)(5)(10) SOFR + 6/23/2028 NDC Acquisition Corp. (4)(7)(11) L + 3/9/2027 Tailwind Colony Holding Corporation (4)(7)(11) SOFR + 11/13/2024 Unified Door Hardware Group, LLC (4)(11) SOFR + 6/30/2025 Unified Door Hardware Group, LLC (4)(11) L + 12/18/2027 Unified Door Hardware Group, LLC (4)(11) L + 6/30/2025 Diversified Consumer Services Cambium Learning Group, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 7/20/2028 Dreambox Learning Holding LLC (4)(5)(10) L + 12/1/2027 Go Car Wash Management Corp. (4)(7)(14) SOFR + 12/31/2026 Diversified Financial Services Barbri Holdings, Inc. (4)(10) L + 4/30/2028 SelectQuote, Inc. (4)(10) SOFR + (incl. PIK) 
 11/5/2024 Diversified Telecommunication Services Point Broadband Acquisition, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 10/1/2028 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 Blackstone Secured Lending Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 
 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2)(15) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (1) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Electric Utilities Qualus Power Services Corp. (4)(7)(11) L + 3/26/2027 Electrical Equipment Emergency Power Holdings, LLC (4)(5)(7)(11) L + 8/17/2028 Relay Purchaser, LLC (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 8/30/2028 Shoals Holdings, LLC (4)(11) SOFR + 11/25/2026 Electronic Equipment, Instruments Components Albireo Energy, LLC (4)(5)(11) L + 12/23/2026 CPI Intermediate Holdings Inc (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 10/8/2029 Energy Equipment Services Abaco Energy Technologies, LLC (4)(13) L + 10/4/2024 ISQ Hawkeye Holdco, Inc. (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 8/17/2029 Tetra Technologies, Inc. (4)(6)(11) L + 9/10/2025 Health Care Equipment Supplies CPI Buyer, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 11/1/2028 GCX Corporation Buyer, LLC (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 9/13/2027 Health Care Providers Services 123Dentist, Inc. (4)(6)(7)(10) C + 8/10/2029 CAD ACI Group Holdings, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 8/2/2028 ADCS Clinics Intermediate Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 5/7/2027 Amerivet Partners Management, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(10) SOFR + 2/25/2028 Canadian Hospital Specialties Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(7)(11) C + 4/14/2028 CAD CCBlue Bidco, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + (incl. PIK) 
 12/21/2028 Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (4)(10) L + 6/8/2027 DCA Investment Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 4/3/2028 Epoch Acquisition, Inc. (4)(11) SOFR + 10/4/2024 Healthcomp Holding Company, LLC (4)(5)(11) L + 10/27/2026 Healthcomp Holding Company, LLC (4)(5)(7)(11) L + 10/27/2026 Jayhawk Buyer, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 10/15/2026 Navigator Acquiror, Inc. (4)(7)(9) L + (incl. PIK) 
 7/16/2027 Odyssey Holding Company, LLC (4)(11) L + 11/16/2025 PPV Intermediate Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 8/31/2029 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 Blackstone Secured Lending Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 
 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2)(15) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (1) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Health Care Providers Services (continued) Smile Doctors, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 12/21/2028 Snoopy Bidco, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 6/1/2028 SpecialtyCare, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(11) L + 6/18/2028 Stepping Stones Healthcare Services, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 1/2/2029 The Fertility Partners, Inc. (4)(5)(6)(10) L + 3/16/2028 The Fertility Partners, Inc. (4)(5)(6)(7)(10) C + 3/16/2028 CAD The GI Alliance Management, LLC (4)(7)(11) SOFR + 9/15/2028 Unified Physician Management, LLC (4)(7)(9) SOFR + 6/18/2029 United Mutual Acquisition Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 7/15/2028 US Oral Surgery Management Holdco, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 11/18/2027 WHCG Purchaser III, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 6/22/2028 Health Care Technology Caerus US 1, Inc. (4)(6)(7)(10) SOFR + 5/25/2029 Caerus US 1, Inc. (4)(6)(7)(10) SOFR + 5/25/2029 Color Intermediate LLC (4)(10) SOFR + 10/4/2029 Edifecs, Inc. (4)(10) L + 9/21/2026 Edifecs, Inc. (4)(11) L + 9/21/2026 GI Ranger Intermediate, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 10/29/2028 NMC Crimson Holdings, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 3/1/2028 Project Ruby Ultimate Parent Corp. (10) L + 3/10/2028 RPBLS Midco, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 4/1/2028 Insurance Alera Group, Inc. (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 10/2/2028 Amerilife Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 8/31/2029 Benefytt Technologies, Inc. (4)(7)(10) SOFR + (incl. PIK) 
 8/12/2027 Foundation Risk Partners Corp. (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 10/29/2028 Galway Borrower, LLC (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 9/30/2028 High Street Buyer, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 4/14/2028 Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 8/27/2025 Jones Deslauriers Insurance Management, Inc. (5)(6)(10) C + 3/27/2028 CAD PGIS Intermediate Holdings, LLC (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 10/16/2028 SG Acquisition, Inc. (4)(9) L + 1/27/2027 Shelf Bidco Ltd (6)(10) SOFR + 1/3/2030 GBP 
 126 

Table of Contents 

 Blackstone Secured Lending Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 
 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2)(15) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (1) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Insurance (continued) Tennessee Bidco Limited (4)(5)(6)(8) S + 7/9/2028 GBP Tennessee Bidco Limited (4)(5)(6)(8) S + 7/9/2028 GBP Tennessee Bidco Limited (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 7/9/2028 Tennessee Bidco Limited (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 8/3/2028 Westland Insurance Group LTD (4)(5)(6)(11) L + 1/5/2027 Westland Insurance Group LTD (4)(5)(6)(7)(8) C + 1/5/2027 CAD Internet Direct Marketing Retail Donuts, Inc. (4)(11) SOFR + 12/29/2026 IT Services AI Altius Bidco, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 12/21/2028 AI Altius Bidco, Inc. (4)(5)(8) PIK 
 12/29/2029 Infostretch Corporation (4)(10) SOFR + 4/1/2028 Inovalon Holdings, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + (incl. PIK) 
 11/24/2028 Monterey Financing S. .r.l (4)(6)(7)(8) E + 9/28/2029 EUR Monterey Financing S. .r.l (4)(6)(8) CI + 9/28/2029 DKK Monterey Financing S. .r.l (4)(6)(9) N + 9/28/2029 NOK Monterey Financing S. .r.l(4)(6)(8) ST + 9/28/2029 SEK Razor Holdco, LLC (4)(10) L + 10/25/2027 Red River Technology, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 5/26/2027 Turing Holdco, Inc. (4)(5)(6)(7)(8) E + (incl. PIK) 
 8/3/2028 EUR Turing Holdco, Inc. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 8/3/2028 Machinery MHE Intermediate Holdings (4)(5)(7)(11) SOFR + 7/21/2027 MHE Intermediate Holdings (4)(5)(11) SOFR + 12/9/2025 Marine Armada Parent, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 10/29/2027 Media Trader Corp. (4)(6)(7)(10) C + 12/22/2029 CAD 
 127 

Table of Contents 

 Blackstone Secured Lending Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 
 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2)(15) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (1) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Oil, Gas Consumable Fuels Eagle Midstream Canada Finance, Inc. (4)(6)(10) SOFR + 8/15/2028 KKR Alberta Midstream Finance Inc. (4)(6)(10) SOFR + 8/15/2028 Paper Forest Products Profile Products, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 11/12/2027 Profile Products, LLC (4)(10) C + 11/12/2027 Pharmaceuticals Doc Generici (Diocle S.p.A.) (4)(6)(7)(8) E + 10/27/2028 EUR Professional Services ALKU, LLC (4)(10) SOFR + 3/1/2028 ALKU, LLC (4)(10) SOFR + 3/1/2028 BPPH2 Limited (4)(5)(6)(8) S + 3/2/2028 GBP CFGI Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 11/2/2027 Clearview Buyer, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 8/26/2027 Cumming Group, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 5/26/2027 Cumming Group, Inc. (4)(11) SOFR + 11/16/2027 Guidehouse, Inc. (4)(5)(10) L + 10/16/2028 HIG Orca Acquisition Holdings, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(11) SOFR + 8/17/2027 IG Investments Holdings, LLC (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 9/22/2028 Kaufman Hall Associates, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 12/14/2028 Legacy Intermediate, LLC (4)(5)(7)(10) SOFR + 2/25/2028 Material Holdings, LLC (4)(5)(7)(10) SOFR + 8/19/2027 Minotaur Acquisition, Inc. (8) SOFR + 3/27/2026 Petrus Buyer Inc (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 10/17/2029 Sherlock Buyer Corp. (4)(7)(10) L + 12/8/2028 Thevelia US, LLC (5)(6)(9) SOFR + 6/18/2029 Titan Investment Company, Inc. (4)(5)(8) L + 3/20/2027 Trinity Air Consultants Holdings Corp. (4)(7)(10) L + 6/29/2027 Trinity Partners Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 12/21/2028 West Monroe Partners, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 11/8/2028 Real Estate Management Development Progress Residential PM Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 2/16/2028 Progress Residential PM Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 7/25/2029 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 Blackstone Secured Lending Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 
 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2)(15) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (1) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Road Rail Gruden Acquisition, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(11) L + 7/1/2028 Software Anaplan, Inc. (4)(6)(7)(10) SOFR + 6/21/2029 AxiomSL Group, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 12/3/2027 BlueCat Networks USA, Inc. (4)(6)(7)(10) SOFR + 8/8/2028 Community Brands ParentCo, LLC (4)(5)(7)(10) SOFR + 2/24/2028 Confine Visual Bidco (4)(6)(7)(10) SOFR + 2/23/2029 Connatix Buyer, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 7/14/2027 Diligent Corporation (4)(11) L + 8/4/2025 Discovery Education, Inc. (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 4/9/2029 Episerver, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(11) L + 4/9/2026 Experity, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 2/24/2028 Gigamon Inc. (4)(7)(11) SOFR + 3/9/2029 GovernmentJobs.com, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 12/1/2028 GraphPAD Software, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 4/27/2027 LD Lower Holdings, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 2/8/2026 Lightbox Intermediate, LP (4)(8) L + 5/9/2026 Magnesium BorrowerCo, Inc. (4)(10) S + 5/18/2029 GBP Magnesium BorrowerCo, Inc. (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 5/18/2029 Mandolin Technology Intermediate Holdings, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(9) L + 7/31/2028 Medallia, Inc. (4)(10) L + 
 (incl. PIK) 
 10/29/2028 Monk Holding Co. (4)(7)(10) L + 12/1/2027 MRI Software, LLC (5)(7)(11) L + 2/10/2026 Nintex Topco Limited (4)(6)(10) L + 11/13/2028 Project Boost Purchaser, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 5/2/2029 Rally Buyer, Inc. (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 7/19/2028 Relativity ODA, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + (incl. 
 5/12/2027 Spitfire Parent, Inc. (4)(11) SOFR + 3/11/2027 Spitfire Parent, Inc. (4)(5)(11) E + 3/11/2027 EUR Spitfire Parent, Inc. (4)(7)(11) SOFR + 3/11/2027 Stamps.com, Inc. (4)(10) L + 10/5/2028 The NPD Group L.P. (4)(7)(10) SOFR + (incl. PIK) 
 12/1/2028 The NPD Group L.P. (4)(7)(10) L + 12/1/2028 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 Blackstone Secured Lending Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 
 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2)(15) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (1) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Software (continued) Triple Lift, Inc. (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 5/5/2028 Zendesk Inc (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 11/22/2028 Specialty Retail CustomInk, LLC (4)(11) L + 5/3/2026 Technology Hardware, Storage Peripherals Lytx, Inc. (4)(11) SOFR + 2/28/2026 Trading Companies Distributors Porcelain Acquisition Corp. (4)(7)(11) L + 4/1/2027 The Cook Boardman Group, LLC (11) SOFR + 10/17/2025 Transportation Infrastructure Capstone Logistics, LLC (4)(11) L + 11/12/2027 Frontline Road Safety, LLC (4)(10) L + 5/3/2027 Helix TS, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 8/4/2027 Italian Motorway Holdings S. .r.l (4)(6)(8) E + 4/28/2029 EUR Roadsafe Holdings, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 10/19/2027 Safety Borrower Holdings LP (4)(5)(7)(11) L + 9/1/2027 Sam Holding Co, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 9/24/2027 TRP Infrastructure Services, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 7/9/2027 Total First Lien Debt 
 130 

Table of Contents 

 Blackstone Secured Lending Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 
 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2)(15) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units(1) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets Second Lien Debt Construction Engineering COP Home Services TopCo IV, Inc. (4)(5)(11) L + 12/29/2028 Health Care Providers Services Canadian Hospital Specialties Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) 4/15/2029 CAD Jayhawk Buyer, LLC (4)(11) L + 10/15/2027 Industrial Conglomerates Victory Buyer, LLC (4)(9) L + 11/1/2029 IT Services Inovalon Holdings, Inc. (4)(5)(10) L + (incl. PIK) 
 11/24/2033 Professional Services Thevelia US, LLC (4)(6)(9) SOFR + 6/17/2030 Software Mandolin Technology Intermediate Holdings, Inc. (4)(5)(9) L + 7/30/2029 Total Second Lien Debt 
 
 131 

Table of Contents 

 Blackstone Secured Lending Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 
 Investments (1)(5) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (1) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets Equity Aerospace Defense Micross Topco, Inc. (4) Air Freight Logistics AGI Group Holdings LP - A2 Units (4) Mode Holdings, L.P. - Class A-2 Common Units (4) Distributors Box Co-Invest Blocker, LLC (4) EIS Acquisition Holdings, LP - Class A Common Units (4) Diversified Consumer Services Cambium Holdings, LLC - Senior Preferred Interests (4) Deneb Ultimate Topco, LLC - Class A Units (4) Diversified Telecommunication Services Point Broadband Holdings, LLC - Class A Units (4) Point Broadband Holdings, LLC - Class B Units (4) Point Broadband Holdings, LLC - Class Additional A Units (4) Point Broadband Holdings, LLC - Class Additional B Units (4) Health Care Equipment Supplies GCX Corporation Group Holdings, L.P. - Class A-2 Units (4) Health Care Providers Services AVE Holdings I Corp. (4) Jayhawk Holdings, LP - A-1 Common Units (4) Jayhawk Holdings, LP - A-2 Common Units (4) Health Care Technology Caerus Midco 2 S. . R.L - Additional Vehicle Units (4)(6) Caerus Midco 2 S. . R.L - Vehicle Units (4)(6) Insurance Shelf Holdco Ltd Common Equity (4)(6) IT Services NC Ocala Co-Invest Beta, L.P. - LP Interest (4) 
 132 

Table of Contents 

 Blackstone Secured Lending Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 
 Investments (1)(5) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (1) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets Equity (continued) Professional Services Guidehouse Holding Corp. - Preferred Equity (4) OHCP V TC COI, LP. - LP Interest (4) Tricor Horizon, LP (4)(6) Software Connatix Parent, LLC - Class L Common Units (4) Expedition Holdco, LLC - Class A Units (4) Expedition Holdco, LLC - Class B Units (4) Lobos Parent, Inc. - Series A Preferred Shares (4) Mandolin Technology Holdings, Inc. - Series A Preferred Shares (4) Mimecast Limited (4) Zoro Common Equity (4) Zoro Series A Preferred Shares (4) Specialty Retail CustomInk, LLC - Series A Preferred Units (4) Transportation Infrastructure Frontline Road Safety Investments, LLC - Class A Common Units (4) Ncp Helix Holdings, LLC. - Preferred Shares (4) Total Equity Investments Total Investment - non-controlled/non-affiliated Investments - non-controlled/affiliated Equity Insurance Blackstone Donegal Holdings LP - LP Interests (Westland Insurance Group LTD) (4)(5)(6)(16) Total Equity Total Investments - non-controlled/affiliated Total Investment Portfolio Cash and Cash Equivalents Other Cash and Cash Equivalents Total Portfolio Investments, Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 (1) 
 133 

Table of Contents 

 (2) of the debt portfolio at fair value had an interest rate floor above zero. Rates on equity instruments represents contractual dividend rates on certain preferred equity positions. 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 (5) 
 (6) of the Company s total assets. As of December 31, 2022, non-qualifying assets represented 11.0 of total assets as calculated in accordance with regulatory requirements. 
 (7) 

Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated Commitment Type Commitment Expiration Date Unfunded Commitment Fair Value First Lien Debt 123Dentist, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/10/2029 ) ) ACI Group Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/2/2023 ) ACI Group Holdings, Inc. Revolver 8/2/2027 ) ADCS Clinics Intermediate Holdings, LLC Revolver 5/7/2027 ) ) ADCS Clinics Intermediate Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/7/2023 ) AI Altius Bidco, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/21/2023 ) ) Amerilife Holdings, LLC Revolver 8/31/2028 ) ) Amerilife Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/31/2029 ) Amerivet Partners Management, Inc. Revolver 2/25/2028 ) ) Amerivet Partners Management, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 2/25/2024 ) Anaplan, Inc. Revolver 6/21/2028 ) ) Armada Parent, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/29/2023 ) Armada Parent, Inc. Revolver 10/29/2027 ) ) Ascend Buyer, LLC Revolver 9/30/2027 ) ) AxiomSL Group, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/3/2027 ) ) AxiomSL Group, Inc. Revolver 12/3/2025 ) ) Bazaarvoice, Inc. Revolver 5/7/2026 ) Benefytt Technologies, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/12/2023 ) BlueCat Networks USA, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/8/2028 ) BlueCat Networks USA, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/8/2028 ) ) Caerus US 1, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/25/2029 ) ) Caerus US 1, Inc. Revolver 5/25/2029 ) Caerus US 1, Inc. Revolver 5/25/2029 ) ) Caerus US 1, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/25/2029 ) Cambium Learning Group, Inc. Revolver 7/20/2028 ) Canadian Hospital Specialties Ltd. Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/14/2023 ) Canadian Hospital Specialties Ltd. Revolver 4/14/2027 ) 
 134 

Table of Contents 

 Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated Commitment Type Commitment Expiration Date Unfunded Commitment Fair Value CCBlue Bidco, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/21/2023 ) CFGI Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 11/2/2027 ) ) CFGI Holdings, LLC Revolver 11/2/2027 ) ) Clearview Buyer, Inc. Revolver 2/26/2027 ) ) Clearview Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/26/2024 ) Community Brands ParentCo, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 2/24/2024 ) ) Community Brands ParentCo, LLC Revolver 2/24/2028 ) ) Confine Visual Bidco Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/11/2024 ) Connatix Buyer, Inc. Revolver 7/14/2027 ) ) Connatix Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 7/14/2023 ) ) COP Home Services TopCo IV, Inc. Revolver 12/31/2025 ) ) CPI Buyer, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/1/2023 ) CPI Buyer, LLC Revolver 11/1/2026 ) ) CPI Intermediate Holdings Inc Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/8/2029 ) ) Cumming Group, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/26/2027 ) ) Cumming Group, Inc. Revolver 5/26/2027 ) DCA Investment Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/12/2023 ) DCA Investment Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/3/2028 ) ) Discovery Education, Inc. Revolver 4/9/2029 ) ) Discovery Education, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/9/2029 ) Doc Generici (Diocle S.p.A.) Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/26/2024 ) ) Emergency Power Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/17/2023 ) ) ENV BIDCO AB Delayed Draw Term Loan 7/19/2029 ) Episerver, Inc. Revolver 4/9/2026 ) ) Experity, Inc. Revolver 2/24/2028 ) ) Foundation Risk Partners Corp. Revolver 10/29/2027 ) Galway Borrower, LLC Revolver 9/30/2027 ) ) Galway Borrower, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 9/30/2023 ) GCX Corporation Buyer, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 9/13/2023 ) The GI Alliance Management, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 9/15/2028 ) ) GI Ranger Intermediate, LLC Revolver 10/29/2027 ) GI Ranger Intermediate, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/30/2028 ) Gigamon Inc. Revolver 3/11/2028 ) ) Go Car Wash Management Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/31/2023 ) GovernmentJobs.com, Inc. Revolver 11/30/2027 ) ) GovernmentJobs.com, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 11/30/2023 ) ) GraphPAD Software, LLC Revolver 4/27/2027 ) ) GraphPAD Software, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/27/2027 ) ) Gruden Acquisition, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 7/1/2023 ) ) Gruden Acquisition, Inc. Revolver 7/1/2026 ) ) Healthcomp Holding Company, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/29/2023 ) Helix TS, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/3/2023 ) 
 135 

Table of Contents 

 Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated Commitment Type Commitment Expiration Date Unfunded Commitment Fair Value Helix TS, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/14/2024 ) HIG Orca Acquisition Holdings, Inc. Revolver 8/17/2027 ) HIG Orca Acquisition Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/17/2023 ) High Street Buyer, Inc. Revolver 4/16/2027 ) ) High Street Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/16/2028 ) IG Investments Holdings, LLC Revolver 9/22/2027 ) Inovalon Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/24/2024 ) ) Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/27/2025 ) ISQ Hawkey Holdco, Inc. Revolver 8/17/2028 ) ) ISQ Hawkey Holdco, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/17/2029 ) Java Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/15/2023 ) Jayhawk Buyer, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/15/2026 ) Knowledge Pro Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/10/2023 ) ) Knowledge Pro Buyer, Inc. Revolver 12/10/2027 ) KPSKY Acquisition, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/19/2023 ) LD Lower Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 2/8/2023 ) Legacy Intermediate, LLC Revolver 2/25/2028 ) ) Legacy Intermediate, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 2/25/2023 ) ) Linquest Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 1/27/2023 ) ) Magnesium BorrowerCo, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/18/2029 ) ) Mandolin Technology Intermediate Holdings, Inc. Revolver 7/23/2026 ) Marcone Yellowstone Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/23/2028 ) Material Holdings, LLC Revolver 8/17/2027 ) Material Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/19/2023 ) MHE Intermediate Holdings, LLC Revolver 7/21/2027 ) Monk Holding Co. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/12/2023 ) Monterey Financing S. .r.l Delayed Draw Term Loan 9/19/2029 ) MRI Software, LLC Revolver 2/10/2026 ) ) MRI Software, LLC Revolver 2/10/2026 ) ) Navigator Acquiror, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 7/16/2023 ) NDC Acquisition Corp. Revolver 3/9/2027 ) NMC Crimson Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/1/2023 ) Onex Baltimore Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/1/2023 ) Petrus Buyer Inc Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/17/2029 ) ) Petrus Buyer Inc Revolver 10/17/2029 ) ) PGIS Intermediate Holdings, LLC Revolver 10/16/2028 ) ) Point Broadband Acquisition, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/1/2023 ) Porcelain Acquisition Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/1/2027 ) PPV Intermediate Holdings, LLC Revolver 8/31/2029 ) PPV Intermediate Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/31/2029 ) Profile Products, LLC Revolver 11/12/2027 ) Profile Products, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 11/12/2027 ) ) 
 136 

Table of Contents 

 Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated Commitment Type Commitment Expiration Date Unfunded Commitment Fair Value Progress Residential PM Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/17/2023 ) Progress Residential PM Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 7/25/2029 ) Project Boost Purchaser, LLC Revolver 5/2/2028 ) ) Project Boost Purchaser, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/2/2029 ) Qualus Power Services Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/26/2023 ) Rally Buyer, Inc. Revolver 7/19/2028 ) ) Rally Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 7/19/2028 ) ) Red River Technology, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/26/2023 ) Redwood Services Group, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/15/2029 ) Relativity ODA, LLC Revolver 5/12/2027 ) ) Relay Purchaser, LLC Revolver 8/30/2026 ) ) RoadOne Inc Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/30/2028 ) ) RoadOne Inc Revolver 12/30/2028 ) Roadsafe Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 7/31/2023 ) RPBLS Midco, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/1/2028 ) RWL Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/1/2027 ) ) Safety Borrower Holdings LP Revolver 9/1/2027 ) ) Sam Holding Co, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 9/24/2023 ) Sam Holding Co, Inc. Revolver 3/24/2027 ) SEKO Global Logistics Network, LLC Revolver 12/30/2026 ) SEKO Global Logistics Network, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/30/2026 ) Sherlock Buyer Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/8/2028 ) ) Sherlock Buyer Corp. Revolver 12/8/2027 ) ) Smile Doctors, LLC Revolver 12/23/2027 ) Snoopy Bidco, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/1/2023 ) ) SpecialtyCare, Inc. Revolver 6/18/2026 ) SpecialtyCare, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/18/2023 ) Spitfire Parent, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/11/2027 ) Stepping Stones Healthcare Services, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/30/2023 ) Stepping Stones Healthcare Services, LLC Revolver 12/30/2026 ) The Fertility Partners, Inc. Revolver 9/16/2027 ) The Fertility Partners, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/16/2024 ) The NPD Group L.P. Revolver 12/1/2027 ) The NPD Group L.P. Revolver 12/1/2027 ) ) Trader Corp. Revolver 12/22/2028 ) ) Trinity Air Consultants Holdings Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/29/2023 ) Trinity Air Consultants Holdings Corp. Revolver 6/29/2027 ) ) Trinity Partners Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/21/2023 ) ) Triple Lift, Inc. Revolver 5/6/2028 ) TRP Infrastructure Services, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 1/9/2023 ) ) Turing Holdco, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/3/2028 ) Unified Physician Management, LLC Revolver 6/18/2029 ) 
 137 

Table of Contents 

 Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated Commitment Type Commitment Expiration Date Unfunded Commitment Fair Value Unified Physician Management, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/18/2029 ) United Mutual Acquisition Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 7/15/2028 ) US Oral Surgery Management Holdco, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 11/18/2023 ) US Oral Surgery Management Holdco, LLC Revolver 11/18/2027 ) ) West Monroe Partners, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 11/9/2023 ) West Monroe Partners, LLC Revolver 11/9/2027 ) Westland Insurance Group LTD Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/31/2023 ) WHCG Purchaser III, Inc. Revolver 6/22/2026 ) WHCG Purchaser III, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/22/2023 ) Zendesk Inc Delayed Draw Term Loan 11/22/2028 ) ) Zendesk Inc Revolver 11/3/2028 ) ) Total unfunded commitments ) ) 
 
 (8) 
 (9) 
 (10) 
 (11) 
 (12) . 
 (13) 
 
 (15) 
 (16) Under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the 1940 Act ), the Company would be deemed to control a portfolio company if the Company owned more than 25 of its outstanding voting securities and/or held the power to exercise control over the management or policies of the portfolio company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company does not control any of these portfolio companies. Under the 1940 Act, the Company would be deemed an affiliated person of a portfolio company if the Company owns 5 or more of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s non-controlled/affiliated investments were as follows: 

Fair value as of December 31, 2021 Gross Additions Gross Reductions Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) Fair value as of December 31, 2022 Dividend and Interest Income Non-controlled/Affiliated Investments Blackstone Donegal Holdings LP Total 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 138 

Table of Contents 

 Blackstone Secured Lending Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 
 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units Cost (3) Fair Value Percentage of Net Assets Investments - non-controlled/non-affiliated First Lien Debt Aerospace Defense Corfin Holdings, Inc. (4)(11) L + 12/27/2027 Linquest Corp. (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 7/28/2028 MAG DS Corp. (11) L + 4/1/2027 Maverick Acquisition, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 6/1/2027 TCFI AEVEX, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 3/18/2026 Air Freight Logistics AGI-CFI Holdings, Inc. (4)(10) L + 6/11/2027 Livingston International, Inc. (4)(6)(10) L + 4/30/2027 Mode Purchaser, Inc. (4)(11) L + 12/9/2026 R1 Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 1/2/2026 RWL Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 12/31/2028 SEKO Global Logistics Network, LLC (4)(5)(11) E + 12/30/2026 EUR SEKO Global Logistics Network, LLC (4)(5)(7)(11) L + 12/30/2026 Building Products Fencing Supply Group Acquisition, LLC (4)(5)(11) L + 2/26/2027 Jacuzzi Brands, LLC (4)(11) L + 2/25/2025 L S Mechanical Acquisition, LLC (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 9/1/2027 Latham Pool Products, Inc. (8) L + 6/18/2025 Lindstrom, LLC (4)(11) L + 4/7/2025 Windows Acquisition Holdings, Inc. (4)(5)(11) L + 12/29/2026 Chemicals Polymer Additives, Inc. (8) L + 7/31/2025 VDM Buyer, Inc. (4)(8) L + 4/22/2025 EUR VDM Buyer, Inc. (4)(8) L + 4/22/2025 
 139 

Table of Contents 

 Blackstone Secured Lending Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 
 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units Cost (3) Fair Value Percentage of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Commercial Services Supplies Bazaarvoice, Inc. (4)(7)(8) L + 5/7/2028 Java Buyer, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 12/15/2027 JSS Holdings, Inc. (4)(10) L + 12/17/2028 JSS Holdings, Inc. (4)(11) L + 12/17/2028 Knowledge Pro Buyer, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 12/10/2027 KPSKY Acquisition, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 10/19/2028 The Action Environmental Group, Inc. (4)(7)(12) L + 1/16/2026 Veregy Consolidated, Inc. (11) L + 11/2/2027 Construction Engineering COP Home Services TopCo IV, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(11) L + 12/31/2027 Containers Packaging Ascend Buyer, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 9/30/2028 Distributors BP Purchaser, LLC (4)(10) L + 12/10/2028 Bution Holdco 2, Inc. (4)(11) L + 10/17/2025 Dana Kepner Company, LLC (4)(11) L + 12/29/2026 Genuine Cable Group, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 11/2/2026 Marcone Yellowstone Buyer, Inc. (7)(10) L + 12/23/2028 NDC Acquisition Corp. (4)(7)(11) L + 3/9/2027 NDC Acquisition Corp. (4)(5)(7)(11) - Revolving Term Loan L + 3/9/2027 Tailwind Colony Holding Corporation (4)(7)(11) L + 11/13/2024 Unified Door Hardware Group, LLC (4)(11) L + 6/30/2025 Diversified Consumer Services Cambium Learning Group, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 7/20/2028 Dreambox Learning Holding, LLC (4)(10) L + 12/1/2027 Go Car Wash Management Corp. (4)(7)(11) L + 12/31/2026 Diversified Financial Services Barbri Holdings, Inc. (4)(10) L + 4/30/2028 SelectQuote, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 11/5/2024 Diversified Telecommunication Services Point Broadband Acquisition, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 10/1/2028 Electric Utilities Qualus Power Services Corp. (4)(7)(11) L + 3/26/2027 
 140 

Table of Contents 

 Blackstone Secured Lending Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 
 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units Cost (3) Fair Value Percentage of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Electrical Equipment Emergency Power Holdings, LLC (4)(5)(7)(11) L + 8/17/2028 Radwell International, LLC (4)(6)(7)(10) L + 7/13/2027 Shoals Holdings, LLC (4)(11) L + 11/25/2026 Electronic Equipment, Instruments Components Albireo Energy, LLC (4)(5)(7)(11) L + 12/23/2026 Energy Equipment Services Abaco Energy Technologies, LLC (4)(11) L + (incl. PIK) 
 10/4/2024 Tetra Technologies, Inc. (4)(6)(11) L + 9/10/2025 Health Care Equipment Supplies CPI Buyer, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 11/1/2028 GCX Corporation Buyer, LLC (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 9/13/2027 Health Care Providers Services ACI Group Holdings, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 8/2/2028 ADCS Clinics Intermediate Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 5/7/2027 Canadian Hospital Specialties Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(7)(11) L + 4/14/2028 CAD Canadian Hospital Specialties Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(7)(11) - Revolving Term Loan C + 4/14/2028 CAD CCBlue Bidco, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + (incl. PIK) 
 12/21/2028 Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (4)(10) L + 6/8/2027 DCA Investment Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 3/12/2027 Epoch Acquisition, Inc. (4)(11) L + 10/4/2024 Healthcomp Holding Company, LLC (4)(5)(7)(11) L + 10/27/2026 Jayhawk Buyer, LLC (4)(11) L + 10/15/2026 Navigator Acquiror, Inc. (4)(7)(9) L + 7/16/2027 Odyssey Holding Company, LLC (4)(11) L + 11/16/2025 Onex Baltimore Buyer, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 12/1/2027 Smile Doctors, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 12/1/2028 Snoopy Bidco, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 6/1/2028 SpecialtyCare, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(11) L + 6/18/2028 Stepping Stones Healthcare Services, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 1/2/2029 The GI Alliance Management, LLC (4)(11) L + 11/4/2024 US Oral Surgery Management Holdco, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 11/18/2027 
 141 

Table of Contents 

 Blackstone Secured Lending Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 
 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units Cost (3) Fair Value Percentage of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Health Care Providers Services (continued) WHCG Purchaser III, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 6/22/2028 Health Care Technology Edifecs, Inc. (4)(11) L + 9/21/2026 Edifecs, Inc. (4)(10) L + 9/21/2026 GI Ranger Intermediate, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 10/29/2028 NMC Crimson Holdings, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 3/1/2028 Project Ruby Ultimate Parent Corp. (10) L + 3/3/2028 Insurance Alera Group, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 9/30/2028 Benefytt Technologies, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 8/12/2027 Foundation Risk Partners Corp. (4)(7)(10) L + 10/29/2028 Galway Borrower, LLC (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 9/24/2028 High Street Buyer, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 4/14/2028 Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 8/27/2025 Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC (4)(5)(11) L + 8/27/2025 Jones Deslauriers Insurance Management, Inc. (5)(6)(7)(10) C + 3/28/2028 CAD PGIS Intermediate Holdings, LLC (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 10/14/2028 SG Acquisition, Inc. (4)(9) L + 1/27/2027 Tennessee Bidco Limited (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 8/3/2028 Tennessee Bidco Limited (4)(5)(6)(7)(8) S + 8/3/2028 GBP Westland Insurance Group LTD (4)(5)(6)(11) L + 1/5/2027 Westland Insurance Group LTD (4)(5)(6)(7)(11) C + 1/5/2027 CAD Interactive Media Services Bungie, Inc. (4)(11) L + 8/28/2024 Internet Direct Marketing Retail Donuts, Inc. (4)(11) L + 12/29/2026 IT Services AI Altius Bidco, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 12/13/2028 Inovalon Holdings, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 11/24/2028 Razor Holdco, LLC (4)(10) L + 10/25/2027 Red River Technology, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 5/26/2027 Turing Holdco, Inc. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 8/3/2028 Turing Holdco, Inc. (4)(5)(6)(7)(8) L + 8/3/2028 EUR 
 142 

Table of Contents 

 Blackstone Secured Lending Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 
 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units Cost (3) Fair Value Percentage of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Machinery MHE Intermediate Holdings, LLC (4)(5)(7)(11) L + 7/21/2027 Marine Armada Parent, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 10/29/2027 Oil, Gas Consumable Fuels Eagle Midstream Canada Finance, Inc. (4)(6)(13) L + 11/26/2024 Paper Forest Products Profile Products, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 11/12/2027 Professional Services ALKU, LLC (4)(10) L + 3/1/2028 ASP Endeavor Acquisition, LLC (4)(5)(9) L + 5/3/2027 BPPH2 Limited (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 3/2/2028 GBP CFGI Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 11/1/2027 Clearview Buyer, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 8/26/2027 Guidehouse, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 10/16/2028 HIG Orca Acquisition Holdings, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(11) L + 8/17/2027 IG Investments Holdings, LLC (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 9/22/2028 Kaufman Hall Associates, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 12/14/2028 Material Holdings, LLC (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 8/19/2027 Sherlock Buyer Corp. (4)(7)(8) L + 12/8/2028 Titan Investment Company, Inc. (4)(5)(8) L + 3/20/2027 Trinity Air Consultants Holdings Corp. (4)(7)(10) L + 6/29/2027 Trinity Partners Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 12/21/2028 West Monroe Partners, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 11/8/2028 Real Estate Management Development Cumming Group, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 5/26/2027 Progress Residential PM Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 2/16/2028 Road Rail Gruden Acquisition, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(11) L + 7/1/2028 
 143 

Table of Contents 

 Blackstone Secured Lending Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 
 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units Cost (3) Fair Value Percentage of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Software AxiomSL Group, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 12/3/2027 Connatix Buyer, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 7/14/2027 Diligent Corporation (4)(11) L + 8/4/2025 Episerver, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(11) L + 4/9/2026 Experity, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 7/22/2027 GovernmentJobs.com, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 12/1/2028 GraphPAD Software, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 4/27/2027 LD Lower Holdings, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 2/8/2026 Mandolin Technology Intermediate Holdings, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(9) L + 7/6/2028 Medallia, Inc. (4)(10) L + PIK 
 10/29/2028 Monk Holding Co. (4)(7)(10) L + 12/1/2027 MRI Software, LLC (5)(7)(11) L + 2/10/2026 Nintex Topco Limited (4)(6)(10) L + 11/13/2028 Relativity ODA, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + PIK 
 5/12/2027 Relay Purchaser, LLC (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 8/30/2028 Spitfire Parent, Inc. (4)(5)(11) L + 3/11/2027 EUR Spitfire Parent, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 3/11/2027 Stamps.com, Inc. (4)(10) L + 10/5/2028 The NPD Group L.P. (4)(7)(10) L + 11/9/2028 Triple Lift, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 5/6/2028 Specialty Retail CustomInk, LLC (4)(11) L + 5/3/2026 Technology Hardware, Storage Peripherals Lytx, Inc. (4)(11) L + 2/28/2026 Trading Companies Distributors Porcelain Acquisition Corp. (4)(7)(11) L + 4/30/2027 The Cook Boardman Group, LLC (11) L + 10/17/2025 
 144 

Table of Contents 

 Blackstone Secured Lending Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 
 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units Cost (3) Fair Value Percentage of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Transportation Infrastructure Capstone Logistics, LLC (7)(11) L + 11/12/2027 Frontline Road Safety, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 5/3/2027 Helix TS, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 8/4/2027 Roadsafe Holdings, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 10/19/2027 Safety Borrower Holdings LP (4)(5)(7)(11) L + 9/1/2027 Sam Holding Co, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 9/24/2027 Spireon, Inc. (4)(11) L + 10/4/2024 TRP Infrastructure Services, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 7/9/2027 Total First Lien Debt Second Lien Debt Construction Engineering COP Home Services TopCo IV, Inc. (4)(5)(11) L + 12/31/2028 Health Care Providers Services Canadian Hospital Specialties Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) 4/15/2029 CAD Jayhawk Buyer, LLC (4)(11) L + 10/15/2027 Industrial Conglomerates Victory Buyer, LLC (4)(9) L + 11/19/2028 Insurance Jones Deslauriers Insurance Management, Inc. (5)(6)(7)(9) C + 3/26/2029 CAD IT Services Inovalon Holdings, Inc. (4)(5)(10) L + PIK 
 11/24/2033 Software Mandolin Technology Intermediate Holdings, Inc. (4)(5)(9) L + 7/6/2029 Total Second Lien Debt Warrants Software Mermaid EquityCo L.P. - Class B Units (4) Total Warrants Equity Aerospace Defense Corfin Holdco, Inc. - Common Stock (4) 
 145 

Table of Contents 

 Blackstone Secured Lending Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 
 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units Cost (3) Fair Value Percentage of Net Assets Equity (continued) Air Freight Logistics AGI Group Holdings LP - A2 Units (4) Mode Holdings, L.P. - Class A-2 Common Units (4) Distributors Box Co-Invest Blocker, LLC (4) EIS Acquisition Holdings, LP - Class A Common Units (4) Diversified Consumer Services Cambium Holdings, LLC - Senior Preferred Interests (4) Deneb Ultimate Topco, LLC - Class A Units (4) Diversified Telecommunication Services Point Broadband Holdings, LLC - Class A Units (4) Point Broadband Holdings, LLC - Class B Units (4) Health Care Equipment Supplies GCX Corporation Group Holdings, L.P. - Class A-2 Units (4) Health Care Providers Services Jayhawk Holdings, LP - A-1 Common Units (4) Jayhawk Holdings, LP - A-2 Common Units (4) IT Services NC Ocala Co-Invest Beta, L.P. - LP Interest (4) Professional Services Guidehouse Holding Corp. - Preferred Equity (4) OHCP V TC COI, LP. - LP Interest (4) Software Connatix Parent, LLC - Class L Common Units (4) Lobos Parent, Inc. - Series A Preferred Shares (4) Mandolin Technology Holdings, Inc.- Series A Preferred Shares (4) Mermaid Equity Co. L.P. - Class A-2 Common Units (4) 
 146 

Table of Contents 

 Blackstone Secured Lending Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 
 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units Cost (3) Fair Value Percentage of Net Assets Equity (continued) Specialty Retail CustomInk, LLC - Series A Preferred Units (4) Transportation Infrastructure Frontline Road Safety Investments, LLC - Class A Common Units (4) Ncp Helix Holdings, LLC. - Preferred Shares (4) Total Equity Investments Total Investments - non-controlled/non-affiliated Investments - non-controlled/affiliated Equity Insurance Blackstone Donegal Holdings LP - LP Interests (Westland Insurance Group LTD) (4)(5)(6)(14) Total Equity Total Investments - non-controlled/affiliated Total Investment Portfolio Cash and Cash Equivalents Other Cash and Cash Equivalents Total Portfolio Investments, Cash and Cash Equivalents ` 
 
 (1) 
 (2) Variable rate loans to the portfolio companies bear interest at a rate that is determined by reference to either LIBOR L ), Canadian Dollar Offered Rate CDOR or C ), Sterling Overnight Interbank Average Rate SONIA or S ), Euro Interbank Offer Rate Euribor or E ), Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), or an alternate base rate (commonly based on the Federal Funds Rate F or the U.S. Prime Rate P )), which generally resets periodically. For each loan, the Company has indicated the reference rate used and provided the spread and the interest rate in effect as of December 31, 2021. Variable rate loans typically include an interest reference rate floor feature. As of December 31, 2021, of the debt portfolio at fair value had an interest rate floor above zero. 
 (3) The cost represents the original cost adjusted for the amortization of discounts and premiums, as applicable, on debt investments using the effective interest method in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). 
 (4) 
 (5) 
 (6) of the Company s total assets. As of December 31, 2021, non-qualifying assets represented of total assets as calculated in accordance with regulatory requirements. 

147 

Table of Contents 

 (7) 
 Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated Commitment Type Commitment Expiration Date Unfunded Commitment Fair Value First and Second Lien Debt ACI Group Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/2/2023 ACI Group Holdings, Inc. Revolver 8/2/2027 ) ADCS Clinics Intermediate Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/7/2023 ADCS Clinics Intermediate Holdings, LLC Revolver 5/7/2027 ) AI Altius Bidco, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/21/2023 ) Albireo Energy, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/23/2022 Alera Group, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 9/30/2028 Armada Parent, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/29/2023 ) Armada Parent, Inc. Revolver 10/29/2027 Ascend Buyer, LLC Revolver 9/30/2027 AxiomSL Group, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/3/2027 ) AxiomSL Group, Inc. Revolver 12/3/2025 ) Bazaarvoice, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 11/7/2022 Bazaarvoice, Inc. Revolver 5/7/2026 Benefytt Technologies, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/12/2023 ) Monk Holding Co. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/12/2023 Cambium Learning Group, Inc. Revolver 7/20/2028 Canadian Hospital Specialties Ltd. Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/14/2023 Canadian Hospital Specialties Ltd. Revolver 4/14/2027 Capstone Logistics, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 11/12/2027 CCBlue Bidco, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/21/2023 CFGI Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 11/2/2027 ) CFGI Holdings, LLC Revolver 11/2/2027 ) Clearview Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/26/2024 Clearview Buyer, Inc. Revolver 2/26/2027 Connatix Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 7/14/2023 ) Connatix Buyer, Inc. Revolver 7/14/2027 COP Home Services TopCo IV, Inc. Revolver 12/31/2025 CPI Buyer, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/1/2023 CPI Buyer, LLC Revolver 11/1/2026 ) Cumming Group, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/26/2027 Cumming Group, Inc. Revolver 5/26/2027 DCA Investment Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/12/2023 Emergency Power Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/17/2023 Episerver, Inc. Revolver 4/9/2026 ) Experity, Inc. Revolver 7/22/2027 ) Foundation Risk Partners Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/29/2023 Foundation Risk Partners Corp. Revolver 10/29/2027 ) Frontline Road Safety, LLC - A Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/3/2027 Frontline Road Safety, LLC - B Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/3/2022 Galway Borrower, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 9/30/2023 
 148 

Table of Contents 

 Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated Commitment Type Commitment Expiration Date Unfunded Commitment Fair Value First and Second Lien Debt (continued) Galway Borrower, LLC Revolver 9/30/2027 ) GCX Corporation Buyer, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 9/13/2023 Genuine Cable Group, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/1/2023 GI Ranger Intermediate, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/29/2023 ) GI Ranger Intermediate, LLC Revolver 10/29/2027 ) Go Car Wash Management Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/31/2023 GovernmentJobs.com, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 11/30/2023 GovernmentJobs.com, Inc. Revolver 11/30/2027 ) GI Consilio Parent, LLC Revolver 5/14/2026 GraphPAD Software, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/27/2027 ) GraphPAD Software, LLC Revolver 4/27/2027 Gruden Acquisition, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 7/1/2023 Gruden Acquisition, Inc. Revolver 7/1/2026 ) Guidehouse, Inc. Revolver 10/15/2027 Healthcomp Holding Company, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/27/2022 Helix TS, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/3/2023 HIG Orca Acquisition Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/17/2023 ) HIG Orca Acquisition Holdings, Inc. Revolver 8/17/2027 High Street Buyer, Inc. - B Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/16/2028 High Street Buyer, Inc. Revolver 4/16/2027 ) IG Investments Holdings, LLC Revolver 9/22/2027 Inovalon Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/24/2024 ) Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/27/2025 Java Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/15/2023 Java Buyer, Inc. Revolver 12/15/2027 ) Jones Deslauriers Insurance Management, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/28/2022 Jones Deslauriers Insurance Management, Inc. (2nd Lien) Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/28/2022 Kaufman Hall Associates, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/14/2023 ) Knowledge Pro Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/10/2023 Knowledge Pro Buyer, Inc. Revolver 12/10/2027 KPSKY Acquisition, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/19/2023 L S Mechanical Acquisition, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 9/1/2022 LD Lower Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 2/8/2023 Linquest Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 1/27/2023 ) Mandolin Technology Intermediate Holdings, Inc. Revolver 7/30/2026 Marcone Yellowstone Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/23/2028 Material Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/19/2023 Material Holdings, LLC Revolver 8/17/2027 Maverick Acquisition, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/1/2023 MHE Intermediate Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 7/21/2023 MHE Intermediate Holdings, LLC Revolver 7/21/2027 ) MRI Software, LLC Revolver 2/10/2026 
 149 

Table of Contents 

 Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated Commitment Type Commitment Expiration Date Unfunded Commitment Fair Value First and Second Lien Debt (continued) Navigator Acquiror, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 7/16/2023 NDC Acquisition Corp. Revolver 3/9/2027 NMC Crimson Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/1/2023 ) Porcelain Acquisition Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/30/2022 ) Progress Residential PM Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 2/16/2022 Onex Baltimore Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/1/2023 PGIS Intermediate Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/16/2028 ) PGIS Intermediate Holdings, LLC Revolver 10/16/2028 ) Point Broadband Acquisition, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/1/2023 ) Profile Products, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 11/12/2027 Profile Products, LLC Revolver 11/12/2027 ) Qualus Power Services Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/26/2023 R1 Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/19/2022 Radwell International, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 7/13/2023 Radwell International, LLC Revolver 7/13/2027 Red River Technology, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/26/2023 Relativity ODA, LLC Revolver 5/12/2027 ) Relay Purchaser, LLC Revolver 8/30/2026 ) Roadsafe Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/19/2022 RWL Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/1/2027 ) Safety Borrower Holdings LP Delayed Draw Term Loan 9/1/2022 Safety Borrower Holdings LP Revolver 9/1/2027 ) Sam Holding Co, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 9/24/2023 Sam Holding Co, Inc. Revolver 3/24/2027 ) SEKO Global Logistics Network, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/30/2022 ) SEKO Global Logistics Network, LLC Revolver 12/30/2026 SelectQuote, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 11/3/2022 Sherlock Buyer Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/8/2028 ) Sherlock Buyer Corp. Revolver 12/8/2027 ) Smile Doctors, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/21/2023 Smile Doctors, LLC Revolver 12/21/2027 Snoopy Bidco, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/1/2023 SpecialtyCare, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/18/2023 SpecialtyCare, Inc. Revolver 6/18/2026 Spitfire Parent, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 9/4/2022 Stepping Stones Healthcare Services, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/30/2023 ) Stepping Stones Healthcare Services, LLC Revolver 12/30/2026 Tailwind Colony Holding Corporation Delayed Draw Term Loan 2/10/2022 TCFI AEVEX, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/18/2022 TCFI AEVEX, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/18/2022 ) Tennessee Bidco Limited - GBP Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/3/2028 Trinity Air Consultants Holdings Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/29/2023 ) 
 150 

Table of Contents 

 Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated Commitment Type Commitment Expiration Date Unfunded Commitment Fair Value First and Second Lien Debt (continued) Trinity Air Consultants Holdings Corp. Revolver 6/29/2027 Trinity Partners Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/21/2023 ) Triple Lift, Inc. Revolver 5/6/2028 ) TRP Infrastructure Services, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 1/9/2023 ) The Action Environmental Group, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 1/16/2026 The NPD Group L.P. Revolver 12/1/2027 ) Turing Holdco, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/3/2028 US Oral Surgery Management Holdco, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 1/7/2022 US Oral Surgery Management Holdco, LLC Revolver 11/18/2027 ) Westland Insurance Group LTD Delayed Draw Term Loan 7/5/2022 West Monroe Partners, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 11/9/2023 West Monroe Partners, LLC Revolver 11/9/2027 WHCG Purchaser III, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/22/2023 WHCG Purchaser III, Inc. Revolver 6/22/2026 ) Total First Lien Debt Unfunded Commitments ) 
 
 (8) 
 (9) 
 (10) 
 (11) 
 (12) . 
 (13) 
 (14) 
 
 Fair value as of December 31, 2020 Gross Additions Gross Reductions Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) Fair value as of December 31, 2021 Dividend and Interest Income Non-controlled/Affiliated Investments Blackstone Donegal Holdings LP (Westland Insurance Group, LTD) Total 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 151 

Table of Contents 

 Blackstone Secured Lending Fund 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (in thousands, except per share data, percentages and as otherwise noted) 
 
 Note 1. 
 
 The Company previously conducted a private offering (the Private Offering of its common shares of beneficial interest (i) to accredited investors, as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ), and (ii) in the case of shares sold outside the United States, to persons that are not U.S. persons, as defined in Regulation S under the 1933 Act, in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act. At each closing of the Private Offering, each investor made a capital commitment Capital Commitment to purchase shares of the beneficial interest of the Company pursuant to a subscription agreement entered into with the Company. Investors were required to fund drawdowns to purchase the Company s shares up to the amount of their Capital Commitments on an as-needed basis each time the Company delivered a notice to investors. 
 On October 31, 2018, the Company began its initial period of closing of capital commitments Initial Closing Period which ended on October 31, 2020. The Company commenced its loan origination and investment activities on November 20, 2018, the date of receipt of the initial drawdown from investors in the Private Offering (the Initial Drawdown Date ). On September 8, 2021, the Company closed on its final outstanding Capital Commitments. 
 Effective on December 10, 2020, the Company changed its name from Blackstone / GSO Secured Lending Fund to Blackstone Secured Lending Fund . 
 On October 28, 2021, the Company priced its initial public offering IPO and the Company's shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ). See " Note 8. Net Assets " for further details. 
 
 Note 2. 
 152 

Table of Contents 

153 

Table of Contents 

 154 

Table of Contents 

155 

Table of Contents 

million, million and million, respectively, in non-recurring interest income (e.g., prepayment premiums, accelerated accretion of upfront loan origination fees and unamortized discounts). 
 PIK Income 
 The Company has loans in its portfolio that contain payment-in-kind PIK provisions. PIK represents interest that is accrued and recorded as interest income at the contractual rates, increases the loan principal on the respective capitalization dates, and is generally due at maturity. Such income is included in payment-in-kind interest income in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. If at any point the Company believes PIK is not expected to be realized, the investment generating PIK will be placed on non-accrual status. When a PIK investment is placed on non-accrual status, the accrued, uncapitalized interest is generally reversed through interest income. To maintain the Company s status as a RIC, this non-cash source of income must be paid out to shareholders in the form of dividends, even though the Company has not yet collected cash. 
 Dividend Income 
 Dividend income on preferred equity securities is recorded on the accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are payable by the portfolio company and are expected to be collected. Dividend income on common equity securities is recorded on the record date for private portfolio companies or on the ex-dividend date for publicly-traded portfolio companies. 
 Fee Income 
 The Company may receive various fees in the ordinary course of business such as structuring, consent, waiver, amendment, syndication and other miscellaneous fees as well as fees for managerial assistance rendered by the Company to the portfolio companies. Such fees are recognized as income when earned or the services are rendered. 
 Non-Accrual Income 
 
 156 

Table of Contents 

 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company accrued offering costs of , and million, respectively. 
 The Company records expenses related to public equity offerings as a reduction of capital upon completion of an offering of registered securities. The costs associated with any renewals of a shelf registration statement will be expensed as incurred. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred million of offering costs relating to its IPO which were charged as a reduction of paid-in-capital. For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2020, the Company incurred offering costs. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred million, million and million, respectively, of U.S. federal excise tax. 

157 

Table of Contents 

Note 3. 
 as opposed to a single quarter measurement and became subject to an Incentive Fee Cap (as defined below) based on the Company s Cumulative Net Return (as defined below). The amendment to the Investment Advisory Agreement does not result in higher fees (on a cumulative basis) payable to the Adviser than the fees that would have otherwise been payable to the Adviser under the original investment advisory agreement. 
 The Company pays the Adviser a fee for its services under the Investment Advisory Agreement consisting of two components: a management fee and an incentive fee. The cost of both the management fee and the incentive fee is borne by the shareholders. The initial term of the Investment Advisory Agreement was from October 1, 2018, and on May 6, 2020 and May 6, 2021, it was renewed and approved by the Board, including a majority of trustees who are not parties to the Investment Advisory Agreement or interested persons (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act) (the Independent Trustees ), for a period. On October 18, 2021, the Board approved the amended and restated Investment Advisory Agreement for an initial term ending May 31, 2022; on May 31, 2022, it was renewed and approved by the Board, including a majority of the Independent Trustees, for a period. Unless earlier terminated, the Investment Advisory Agreement will renew automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by the vote of the Board and by the vote of a majority of the Independent Trustees. 
 The Adviser has implemented a waiver effective from the consummation of the IPO to extend the Company s pre-IPO fee structure for a period of . With the waiver in place, instead of having the base management fee and each incentive fee increase to and , respectively, following the IPO, each such fee will remain at and for a period of following the IPO (the Waiver Period ). As a result of the fee waiver, the pre-listing management fee and incentive fee rates paid by the Company to the Adviser will not increase during the Waiver Period. Amounts waived by the Adviser are not subject to recoupment by the Adviser. 
 Base Management Fees 
 Starting from the completion of the IPO, the management fee pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement will be payable quarterly in arrears at an annual rate of of the average value of the Company s gross assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters. For purposes of the Investment Advisory Agreement, "gross assets" means the Company s total assets determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with U.S. GAAP, excluding undrawn commitments but including assets purchased with borrowed amounts. The management fee was calculated for the quarter ended December 
 158 

Table of Contents 

 of the average value of the Company s gross assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters. In order to maintain the same management fee arrangement that the Company had in place prior to the IPO for a period of time following the completion of the IPO, the Adviser voluntarily waived its right to receive the base management fee in excess of of the average value of the Company s gross assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters during the Waiver Period. Amounts waived by the Adviser are not subject to recoupment by the Adviser. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, base management fees were million, million and million, respectively, of which million, million and , respectively, were waived. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, million and million, respectively, was payable to the Adviser relating to management fees. 
 Incentive Fees 
 The incentive fees consist of two components that are determined independently of each other, with the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not. One component is based on income and the other component is based on capital gains, each as described below: 
 (i) Income based incentive fees: 
 The first part of the incentive fee, an income based incentive fee, is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns as defined in the Investment Advisory Agreement. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income returns means, as the context requires, either the dollar value of, or percentage rate of return on the value of the Company s net assets at the end of the immediately preceding quarter from, interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that the Company receives from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus the Company s operating expenses accrued for the quarter (including the management fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement, and any interest expense or fees on any credit facilities or outstanding debt and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred shares, but excluding the incentive fee. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with PIK interest and zero coupon securities)), accrued income that the Company has not yet received in cash. Pre-incentive fee net investment income excludes any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. The Company excludes the impact of expense support payments and recoupments from pre-incentive fee net investment income. 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediately preceding quarter, is compared to a hurdle rate of return of per quarter annualized). 
 Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Company is required to pay an income based incentive fee of prior to the consummation of the IPO and following the consummation of the IPO, with a hurdle and catch-up. However, the Adviser has implemented a voluntary waiver with respect to the income based incentive fee. The Adviser has voluntarily waived its right to receive an income based incentive fee above during the Waiver Period and amounts waived by the Adviser are not subject to recoupment by the Adviser. 
 
 The Company pays the Adviser an income based incentive fee based on its aggregate pre-incentive fee net investment income, as adjusted as described above, from the calendar quarter then ending and the eleven preceding calendar quarters (such period, the Trailing Twelve Quarters ). 
 
 The hurdle amount for the income based incentive fee will be determined on a quarterly basis and is equal to multiplied by the Company s NAV at the beginning of each applicable calendar quarter comprising the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters. The hurdle amount is calculated after making appropriate adjustments for issuances by the Company of common shares, including issuances pursuant to its dividend reinvestment plan and distributions that occurred during the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters. The income based incentive fee for any partial period will be appropriately prorated. 
 
 For the income based incentive fee, the Company will pay the Adviser a quarterly incentive fee based on the amount by which (A) aggregate pre-incentive fee net investment income in respect of the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters exceeds (B) 
 159 

Table of Contents 

 of the pre-incentive fee net investment income in respect of the Trailing Twelve Quarters, if any, that exceeds the hurdle amount for such Trailing Twelve Quarters, but is less than or equal to an amount, which we refer to as the Catch-up Amount, determined as the sum of annualized) prior to the end of the Waiver Period, or annualized) following the Waiver Period, multiplied by the Company s NAV at the beginning of each applicable calendar quarter comprising the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters that is included in the calculation of the incentive fee based on income. 
 
 The Adviser will be paid prior to the end of the Waiver Period, or following the Waiver Period, of the pre-incentive fee net investment income in respect of the Trailing Twelve Quarters that exceeds the Catch-up Amount. 
 
 The amount of the income based incentive fee that will be paid to the Adviser for a particular quarter will equal the excess of (a) the income based incentive fee so calculated over (b) the aggregate income based incentive fee that was paid in respect of the first eleven calendar quarters included in the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters subject to the Incentive Fee Cap as described below. 
 
 The income based incentive fee that will be paid to the Adviser for a particular quarter is subject to a cap (the Incentive Fee Cap ). The Incentive Fee Cap for any quarter is an amount equal to (a) prior to the end of the Waiver Period, or following the Waiver Period, of the Cumulative Net Return (as defined below) during the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters minus (b) the aggregate income based incentive fee that was paid in respect of the first eleven calendar quarters (or the portion thereof) included in the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters. 
 
 Cumulative Net Return means (x) the pre-incentive fee net investment income in respect of the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters minus (y) any Net Capital Loss (as defined below), if any, in respect of the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters. If, in any quarter, the Incentive Fee Cap is zero or a negative value, the Company will pay no income based incentive fee to the Adviser for such quarter. If, in any quarter, the Incentive Fee Cap for such quarter is a positive value but is less than the income based incentive fee that is payable to the Adviser for such quarter (before giving effect to the Incentive Fee Cap) calculated as described above, the Company will pay an income based incentive fee to the Adviser equal to the Incentive Fee Cap for such quarter. If, in any quarter, the Incentive Fee Cap for such quarter is equal to or greater than the income based incentive fee that is payable to the Adviser for such quarter (before giving effect to the Incentive Fee Cap) calculated as described above, the Company will pay an income based incentive fee to the Adviser equal to the incentive fee calculated as described above for such quarter without regard to the Incentive Fee Cap. 
 
 Net Capital Loss in respect of a particular period means the difference, if positive, between (i) aggregate capital losses, whether realized or unrealized, in such period and (ii) aggregate capital gains, whether realized or unrealized, in such period. 
 
 These calculations are prorated for any period of less than three months and adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the relevant quarter. As the consummation of the IPO occurred on a date other than the first day of a calendar quarter, the income based incentive fee with respect to the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment income was calculated for such calendar quarter at a weighted rate calculated based on the fee rates applicable before and after the consummation of the IPO based on the number of days in such calendar quarter before and after the consummation of the IPO. In no event will the amendments to the income based incentive fee include the incentive fee cap and allow the Adviser to receive greater cumulative income based incentive fees under the Investment Advisory Agreement than it would have under the prior investment advisory agreement. Amounts waived by the Adviser are not subject to recoupment by the Adviser. 
 (ii) Capital gains based incentive fee: 
 Starting from the completion of the IPO, the second part of the incentive fee, a capital gains incentive fee, will be determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year in an amount equal to of realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis from inception through the end of each calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gain incentive fees as calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 160 

Table of Contents 

 of realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis from inception through the end of each calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gain incentive fees as calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. However, similar to the voluntary waivers referenced above, the Adviser voluntarily waived its right to receive a capital gains based incentive fee above from the date of consummation of the IPO through the Waiver Period. The Company will accrue, but will not pay, a capital gains incentive fee with respect to unrealized appreciation because a capital gains incentive fee would be owed to the Adviser if the Company were to sell the relevant investment and realize a capital gain. Amounts waived by the Adviser are not subject to recoupment by the Adviser. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company accrued income based incentive fees of million, million and million, respectively, of which million million and , respectively, were waived. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, million and million, respectively, was payable to the Adviser for income based incentive fees. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company accrued capital gains incentive fees of ) million, million, and ) million, respectively. 
 Administration Agreement 
 On October 1, 2018, the Company entered into an Administration Agreement with the Administrator. Under the terms of the Administration Agreement, the Administrator provides, or oversees the performance of, administrative and compliance services, including, but not limited to, maintaining financial records, overseeing the calculation of NAV, compliance monitoring (including diligence and oversight of the Company s other service providers), preparing reports to shareholders and reports filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), preparing materials and coordinating meetings of the Company s Board, managing the payment of expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered by others and providing office space, equipment and office services. The Administrator may also offer to provide, on the Company s behalf, managerial assistance to the Company s portfolio companies. The initial term of the agreement was from October 1, 2018, and on May 6, 2020, May 6, 2021, and May 6, 2022, it was renewed and approved by the Board and a majority of the Independent Trustees for one-year periods. Unless earlier terminated, the Administration Agreement will renew automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is approved at least annually by (i) the vote of the Board or by a majority vote of the outstanding voting securities of the Company and (ii) the vote of a majority of the Independent Trustees. 
 For providing these services, the Company will reimburse the Administrator for its costs, expenses and allocable portion of overhead (including rent, office equipment and utilities) and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its administrative obligations under the Administration Agreement, including but not limited to: (i) the Company s chief compliance officer, chief financial officer and their respective staffs; (ii) investor relations, legal, information technology, operations and other non-investment professionals at the Administrator that perform duties for the Company; and (iii) any internal audit group personnel of Blackstone or any of its affiliates. The Administrator has elected to forgo any reimbursement for rent and other occupancy costs for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred million, million and million, respectively, in expenses under the Administration Agreement, which were recorded in administrative service expenses in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, million and million, respectively, was unpaid and included in Due to affiliates in the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 
 Sub-Administration and Custody Agreement 
 On October 1, 2018, the Administrator entered into a sub-administration agreement (the Sub-Administration Agreement with State Street Bank and Trust Company (the Sub-Administrator under which the Sub-Administrator provides various accounting and administrative services to the Company. The Sub-Administrator also serves as the Company s custodian (the Custodian ). The initial term of the Sub-Administration Agreement is from the effective date and after expiration of the initial term and the Sub-Administration Agreement shall automatically renew for successive periods, unless a written notice of non-renewal is delivered prior to days prior to the expiration of the initial term or renewal term. 
 161 

Table of Contents 

 after such commitment was made in writing, and/or offset against amounts due from the Company to the Adviser or its affiliates. 
 Pursuant to the Expense Support Agreement, following any calendar quarter in which Available Operating Funds (as defined below) exceeded the cumulative distributions accrued to the Company s shareholders based on distributions declared with respect to record dates occurring in such calendar quarter (the Excess Operating Funds ), the Company was required to pay such Excess Operating Funds, or a portion thereof, to the Adviser until such time as all Expense Payments made by the Adviser to the Company within three years prior to the last business day of such calendar quarter were reimbursed. Any payments required to be made by the Company are referred to herein as a Reimbursement Payment . Available Operating Funds means the sum of (i) the Company s net investment company taxable income (including net short-term capital gains reduced by net long-term capital losses), (ii) the Company s net capital gains (including the excess of net long-term capital gains over net short-term capital losses) and (iii) dividends and other distributions paid to the Company on account of investments in portfolio companies (to the extent such amounts listed in clause (iii) are not included under clauses (i) and (ii) above). 
 The Expense Support Agreement terminated by its own terms on October 28, 2021. The Company s obligation to make Reimbursement Payments survived the termination of the Expense Support Agreement and may be made for a period of up to three years, in accordance with the terms of the Expense Support Agreement. The Company s obligation to make a Reimbursement Payment becomes a liability of the Company on the last business day of the applicable calendar quarter. As of December 31, 2022, there are no amounts subject to the Reimbursement Payment obligation. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there was unreimbursed Expense Payments. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Adviser made no Expense Payments. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company made Reimbursement Payments related to Expense Payments by the Adviser of , and million, respectively. 
 
 Note 4. 
 Second lien debt Equity Total 
 162 

Table of Contents 

 Air Freight Logistics Building Products Chemicals Commercial Services Supplies Construction Engineering Containers Packaging Distributors Diversified Consumer Services Diversified Financial Services Diversified Telecommunication Services Electrical Equipment Electronic Equipment, Instruments Components Electric Utilities Energy Equipment Services Health Care Equipment Supplies Health Care Providers Services Health Care Technology Industrial Conglomerates Insurance Interactive Media Services Internet Direct Marketing Retail IT Services Machinery Marine Media Oil, Gas Consumable Fuels Paper Forest Products Pharmaceuticals Professional Services Real Estate Management Development Road Rail Software Specialty Retail Technology Hardware, Storage Peripherals Trading Companies Distributors Transportation Infrastructure Total 
 163 

Table of Contents 

 Canada Europe Total 
 December 31, 2021 Cost Fair Value of Total Investments at Fair Value Fair Value as of Net Assets United States Canada Europe Total 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, no loans in the portfolio were on non-accrual status. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, on a fair value basis, and , respectively, of our performing debt investments bore interest at a floating rate and and , respectively, of our performing debt investments bore interest at a fixed rate. 
 
 Note 5. 
 Second lien debt Equity Total 
 December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total First lien debt Second lien debt Equity Total 
 164 

Table of Contents 

 Purchases of investments Proceeds from principal repayments and sales of investments ) ) ) Accretion of discount/amortization of premium Net realized gain (loss) ) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) ) ) ) ) Transfers into Level 3 (1) Transfers out of Level 3 (1) Fair value, end of period Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) included in earnings related to financial instruments still held as of December 31, 2022 included in net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on the Consolidated Statements of Operations ) ) ) For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 First Lien Debt Second Lien Debt Equity Total Investments Fair value, beginning of period Purchases of investments Proceeds from principal repayments and sales of investments ) ) ) ) Accretion of discount/amortization of premium Net realized gain (loss) ) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) ) Transfers into Level 3 (1) Transfers out of Level 3 (1) ) ) Fair value, end of period Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) included in earnings related to financial instruments still held as of December 31, 2021 included in net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on the Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (1) For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, transfers into or out of Level 3 were primarily due to decreased or increased price transparency. 
 165 

Table of Contents 

 Yield analysis Discount rate Market quotations Broker quoted price Investments in second lien debt Yield analysis Discount rate Investments in equity Market approach Performance multiple x x x Option pricing model Expected volatility Yield analysis Discount rate Total 
 December 31, 2021 Range Fair Value Valuation Technique Unobservable Input Low High Weighted Average (1) Investments in first lien debt Yield analysis Discount rate Market quotations Broker quoted price Investments in second lien debt Yield analysis Discount rate Investments in warrant Option pricing model Expected volatility Investments in equity Market approach Performance multiple x x x Option pricing model Expected volatility Yield analysis Discount rate Total 
 (1) Weighted averages are calculated based on fair value of investments. 
 
 166 

Table of Contents 

 million, million, million, million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, was million, million, million, million and million, respectively. 
 Other 

Note 6. 
 and , respectively. 
 SPV Financing Facilities 
 The following wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company have entered into secured financing facilities, as described below: Jackson Hole Funding, Breckenridge Funding and Big Sky Funding which are collectively referred to as the SPVs, and such secured financing facilities described below are collectively referred to as the SPV Financing Facilities . 
 
 The obligations of each SPV to the lenders under the applicable SPV Financing Facility are secured by a first priority security interest in all of the applicable SPV s portfolio investments and cash. The obligations of each SPV under the applicable SPV Financing Facility are non-recourse to the Company, and the Company s exposure to the credit facility is limited to the value of its investment in the applicable SPV. 
 
 In connection with the SPV Financing Facilities, the applicable SPV has made certain customary representations and warranties and is required to comply with various covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar facilities. Each SPV Financing Facility contains customary events of default for similar financing transactions, including if a change of control of the applicable SPV occurs. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an event of default, the lenders under the applicable SPV Financing Facility may declare the outstanding advances and all other obligations under the applicable SPV Financing Facility immediately due and payable. The occurrence of an event of default (as described above) triggers a requirement that the applicable SPV obtain the consent of the lenders under the applicable SPV Financing Facility prior to entering into any sale or disposition with respect to portfolio investments. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company was in compliance with all covenants and other requirements of each of the SPV Financing Facilities. 
 Jackson Hole Funding Facility 
 On November 16, 2018, Jackson Hole Funding, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary that holds primarily originated loan investments, entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility (which was subsequently amended and restated on December 16, 2021 and amended effective as of September 16, 2022, and as further amended from time to time, the Jackson Hole Funding Facility with JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association JPM ). JPM serves as administrative agent, Citibank, N.A., serves as collateral agent and securities intermediary, Virtus Group, LP serves as collateral administrator and the Company serves as portfolio manager under the Jackson Hole Funding Facility. 
 Advances under the Jackson Hole Funding Facility bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the benchmark in effect for the currency of the applicable advances (which is the three-month term SOFR for dollar advances), plus the applicable margin of per annum for certain foreign currency advances to per annum for dollar advances. Jackson Hole 
 167 

Table of Contents 

 per annum on the average daily unused amount of the financing commitments until November 16, 2023. 
 
 The maximum commitment amount of the Jackson Hole Funding Facility as of December 31, 2022 is million. The Jackson Hole Funding Facility has an accordion feature, subject to the satisfaction of various conditions, which could bring total commitments under the Jackson Hole Funding Facility to up to million. Proceeds from borrowings under the Jackson Hole Funding Facility may be used to fund portfolio investments by Jackson Hole Funding and to make advances under delayed draw term loans where Jackson Hole Funding is a lender. The period during which Jackson Hole Funding may make borrowings under the Jackson Hole Funding Facility expires on November 16, 2023 and the Jackson Hole Funding Facility is scheduled to mature on May 16, 2025. 
 Breckenridge Funding Facility 
 On December 21, 2018, Breckenridge Funding, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary that holds primarily syndicated loan investments, entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility (which was subsequently amended on June 11, 2019, August 2, 2019, September 27, 2019, April 13, 2020, October 5, 2021, February 28, 2022, and May 19, 2022, and as further amended from time to time, the Breckenridge Funding Facility with BNP Paribas BNP ). BNP serves as administrative agent, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association serves as collateral agent and the Company serves as servicer under the Breckenridge Funding Facility. 
 Advances under the Breckenridge Funding Facility bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the three-month Term SOFR (or other Base Rate) in effect, plus an applicable margin of , or per annum, as applicable, depending on the nature of the advances being requested under the facility. Breckenridge Funding pays a commitment fee of per annum if the unused facility amount is greater than or per annum if the unused facility amount is less than or equal to and greater than , based on the average daily unused amount of the financing commitments until December 21, 2024, in addition to certain other fees as agreed between Breckenridge Funding and BNP. 
 
 Proceeds from borrowings under the Breckenridge Funding Facility may be used to fund portfolio investments by Breckenridge Funding and to make advances under delayed draw and revolving loans where Breckenridge Funding is a lender. The period during which Breckenridge Funding may make borrowings under the Breckenridge Funding Facility for the remaining commitment amounts expires on December 21, 2024 and the Breckenridge Funding Facility is scheduled to mature on December 21, 2026. 
 Big Sky Funding Facility 
 On December 10, 2019, Big Sky Funding, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility (which was subsequently amended on December 30, 2020 and September 30, 2021, and amended and restated on June 29, 2022, and as further amended from time to time, the Big Sky Funding Facility with Bank of America, N.A. Bank of America ). Bank of America serves as administrative agent, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. serves as collateral administrator and the Company serves as manager under the Big Sky Funding Facility. 
 Advances under the Big Sky Funding Facility bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the one-month Term SOFR in effect, plus the applicable margin of per annum. Big Sky Funding is required to utilize a minimum percentage of of the financing commitments. Unused amounts below such minimum utilization amount accrue a fee at a rate of per annum. In addition, Big Sky Funding pays an unused fee of per annum on the daily unused amount of the financing commitments in excess of the minimum utilization amount, commencing three months after the closing date of the Big Sky Funding Facility. 
 
 Proceeds from borrowings under the Big Sky Funding Facility may be used to fund portfolio investments by Big Sky Funding and to make advances under revolving loans or delayed draw term loans where Big Sky Funding is a lender. The Big Sky Funding Facility is scheduled to mature on September 30, 2024. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 On June 15, 2020, the Company entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility (which was most recently amended and restated on June 28, 2022 and as further amended from time to time, the Revolving Credit Facility with Citibank, N.A. Citi ). Citi serves as administrative agent and collateral agent. 
 
 The Revolving Credit Facility provides for borrowings in U.S. dollars and certain agreed upon foreign currencies. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility are subject to compliance with a borrowing base. The Revolving Credit Facility 
 168 

Table of Contents 

 million. Proceeds from the borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility may be used for general corporate purposes of the Company and its subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business. Availability of the revolver under the Revolving Credit Facility will terminate on June 28, 2026 and all amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility must be repaid by June 28, 2027 pursuant to an amortization schedule. 
 
 Loans under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a per annum rate equal to, (x) for loans for which the Company elects the base rate option, the alternate base rate (which is the greatest of (a) the prime rate as publicly announced by Citi, (b) the sum of (i) the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System plus (ii) and (c) one month adjusted term SOFR plus per annum) plus (A) if the gross borrowing base is equal to or greater than times the combined revolving debt amount, , or (B) if the gross borrowing base is less than times the combined revolving debt amount, , and (y) for all other loans, the applicable benchmark rate for the related Interest Period for such Borrowing plus (A) if the gross borrowing base is equal to or greater than times the combined revolving debt amount, , or (B) if the gross borrowing base is less than times the combined revolving debt amount, . The Company will pay an unused fee of per annum on the daily unused amount of the revolver commitments. The Company will pay letter of credit participation fees and a fronting fee on the average daily amount of any lender s exposure with respect to any letters of credit issued under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 The Company s obligations to the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility are secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of the Company s assets. 
 
 In connection with the Revolving Credit Facility, the Company has made certain customary representations and warranties and is required to comply with various covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar facilities. In addition, the Company must comply with the following financial covenants: (a) the Company must maintain a minimum shareholders equity, measured as of each fiscal quarter end; and (b) the Company must maintain at all times a asset coverage ratio. 
 
 The Revolving Credit Facility contains customary events of default for similar financing transactions. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an event of default, Citi may terminate the commitments and declare the outstanding advances and all other obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility immediately due and payable. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company was in compliance with all covenants and other requirements of the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Unsecured Notes 
 The Company issued unsecured notes, as further described below: 2023 Notes, 2026 Notes, New 2026 Notes, 2027 Notes and 2028 Notes which are collectively referred to as the Unsecured Notes . 
 The Unsecured Notes contain certain covenants, including covenants requiring the Company to comply with the asset coverage requirements of Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a)(1) and (2) of the 1940 Act, whether or not it is subject to those requirements, and to provide financial information to the holders of the Unsecured Notes and the Trustee if the Company is no longer subject to the reporting requirements under the Exchange Act. These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions that are described in each respective indenture governing the Unsecured Notes (the Unsecured Notes Indentures ). 
 In addition, on the occurrence of a change of control repurchase event, as defined in each respective Unsecured Notes Indenture, the Company will generally be required to make an offer to purchase the outstanding Unsecured Notes at a price equal to of the principal amount of such Unsecured Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest to the repurchase date. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company was in compliance with all covenants and other requirements of each of the Unsecured Notes. 
 
 2023 Notes 
 
 On July 15, 2020, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of notes due 2023 (the 2023 Notes pursuant to an indenture (the Base Indenture and a supplemental indenture, each dated as of July 15, 2020 (and together with the Base Indenture, the 2023 Notes Indenture ), between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (the Trustee ). 
 
 The 2023 Notes will mature on July 14, 2023 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at the Company s option at any time or from time to time at the redemption prices set forth in the 2023 Notes Indenture. The 2023 Notes bear interest at a rate 
 169 

Table of Contents 

 per year payable semi-annually on January 14 and July 14 of each year, commencing on January 14, 2021. The 2023 Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Company s existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the 2023 Notes, rank pari passu with all existing and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company, rank effectively junior to any of the Company s secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Company s subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 2026 Notes 
 On October 23, 2020 and December 1, 2020, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount and million aggregate principal amount, respectively, of notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes pursuant to a supplemental indenture, dated as of October 23, 2020 (and together with the Base Indenture, the 2026 Notes Indenture ), to the Base Indenture between the Company and the Trustee. 
 The 2026 Notes will mature on January 15, 2026 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at the Company s option at any time or from time to time at the redemption prices set forth in the 2026 Notes Indenture. The 2026 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year payable semi-annually on January 15 and July 15 of each year, commencing on July 15, 2021. The 2026 Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Company's existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the 2026 Notes, rank pari passu with all existing and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company, rank effectively junior to any of the Company s secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Company's subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 New 2026 Notes 
 On March 16, 2021 and April 27, 2021, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount and million aggregate principal amount, respectively, of notes due 2026 (the New 2026 Notes pursuant to a supplemental indenture, dated as of March 16, 2021 (and together with the Base Indenture, the New 2026 Notes Indenture ), to the Base Indenture between the Company and the Trustee. 
 
 The New 2026 Notes will mature on September 16, 2026 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at the Company s option at any time or from time to time at the redemption prices set forth in the New 2026 Notes Indenture. The New 2026 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year payable semi-annually on March 16 and September 16 of each year, commencing on September 16, 2021. The New 2026 Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Company s existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the New 2026 Notes, rank pari passu with all existing and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company, rank effectively junior to any of the Company s secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Company s subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 2027 Notes 
 On July 23, 2021, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes pursuant to a supplemental indenture, dated as of July 23, 2021 (and together with the Base Indenture, the 2027 Notes Indenture ), to the Base Indenture between the Company and the Trustee. 
 The 2027 Notes will mature on February 15, 2027 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at the Company s option at any time or from time to time at the redemption prices set forth in the 2027 Notes Indenture. The 2027 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year payable semi-annually on February 15 and August 15 of each year, commencing on February 15, 2022. The 2027 Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Company s existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the 2027 Notes, rank pari passu with all existing and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company, rank effectively junior to any of the Company s secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Company s subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 170 

Table of Contents 

 million in aggregate principal amount of its notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes pursuant to a supplemental indenture, dated as of September 30, 2021 (and together with the Base Indenture, the 2028 Notes Indenture ), to the Base Indenture between the Company and the Trustee. 
 The 2028 Notes will mature on September 30, 2028 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at the Company s option at any time or from time to time at the redemption prices set forth in the 2028 Notes Indenture. The 2028 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year payable semi-annually on March 30 and September 30 of each year, commencing on March 30, 2022. The 2028 Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Company s existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the 2028 Notes, rank pari passu with all existing and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company, rank effectively junior to any of the Company s secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Company s subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 Breckenridge Funding Facility Big Sky Funding Facility Revolving Credit Facility (4) 2023 Notes (5) 2026 Notes (5) New 2026 Notes (5) 2027 Notes (5) 2028 Notes (5) Total 
 (1) The unused portion is the amount upon which commitment fees, if any, are based. 
 (2) The amount available reflects any limitations related to each respective credit facility s borrowing base. 
 (3) Under the Jackson Hole Funding Facility, the Company may borrow in U.S. dollars (USD) or certain other permitted currencies. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no borrowings denominated in currencies other than USD. 
 (4) Under the Revolving Credit Facility, the Company may borrow in USD or certain other permitted currencies. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had non-USD borrowings denominated in the following currencies: 
 Canadian Dollars (CAD) million 
 Euros (EUR) million 
 British Pounds (GBP) million 
 (5) The carrying value as of December 31, 2022 of the following debt obligations of the Company are presented net of the following unamortized debt issuance costs: 
 2023 Notes - million 
 2026 Notes - million 
 New 2026 Notes - million 
 2027 Notes - million and 
 2028 Notes million. 
 171 

Table of Contents 

 Breckenridge Funding Facility Big Sky Funding Facility Revolving Credit Facility (4) 2023 Notes (5) 2026 Notes (5) New 2026 Notes (5) 2027 Notes (5) 2028 Notes (5) Total 
 (1) The unused portion is the amount upon which commitment fees, if any, are based. 
 (2) The amount available reflects any limitations related to each respective credit facility s borrowing base. 
 (3) Under the Jackson Hole Funding Facility, the Company may borrow in USD or certain other permitted currencies. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had borrowings denominated in Euros (EUR) of million. 
 (4) Under the Revolving Credit Facility, the Company may borrow in U.S. dollars or certain other permitted currencies. As of December 31, 2021,the Company had borrowings denominated in the following currencies: 
 Canadian Dollars (CAD) million 
 Euros (EUR) million 
 British Pounds (GBP) million 
 (5) The carrying value as of December 31, 2021 of the following debt obligations of the Company are presented net of the following unamortized debt issuance costs: 
 2023 Notes - million 
 2026 Notes - million 
 New 2026 Notes - million 
 2027 Notes - million 
 2028 Notes - million 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, million and million, respectively, of interest expense and million and million, respectively, of unused commitment fees were included in interest payable. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the weighted average interest rate on all borrowings outstanding was , , and , including unused fees and accretion of net discounts on unsecured debt), respectively, and the average principal debt outstanding was million, million and million, respectively. 
 Facility unused fees Amortization of financing costs and debt issuance costs Accretion of original issue discount Total Interest Expense Cash paid for interest expense 
 
 Note 7. 
 million and million, respectively. 
 172 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, of investments that were committed but not yet funded. 
 Other Commitments and Contingencies 
 From time to time, the Company may become a party to certain legal proceedings incidental to the normal course of its business. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, management is not aware of any pending or threatened litigation. 
 
 per share par value. 
 On October 28, 2021, the Company priced its IPO, issuing of its common shares of beneficial interest at a public offering price of per share. Net of underwriting fees, the Company received net cash proceeds, before offering expenses, of million. On November 4, 2021, the underwriters exercised their option to purchase an additional shares of common shares, which resulted in net cash proceeds, before offering expenses, of million. The Company s common shares began trading on the NYSE under the symbol BXSL on October 28, 2021. 
 In connection with the listing of the Company s common shares on the NYSE, the Board decided to eliminate any outstanding fractional common shares (the Fractional Shares ), as permitted by Delaware law by rounding down the number of Fractional Shares held by each of our shareholders to the nearest whole share and paying each shareholder cash for such Fractional Shares. 
 Prior to September 8, 2021, the Company entered into additional subscription agreements (the Subscription Agreements with investors providing for the private placement of the Company s shares. Under the terms of the Subscription Agreements, investors are required to fund drawdowns to purchase the Company s shares up to the amount of their respective Capital Commitment on an as-needed basis each time the Company delivers a drawdown notice to its investors. As of September 8, 2021, all Capital Commitments in the amount of million million from affiliates of the Adviser) had been drawn. As of December 31, 2020, the Company had received Capital Commitments totaling million million remaining undrawn), of which million million remaining undrawn) were from affiliates of the Adviser. 
 There have been no shares issued for the year ended December 31, 2022, other than those issued through the Company's dividend reinvestment program. 
 September 8, 2021 November 2021 (1) Total 
 (1) Includes proceeds (net of any underwriting fees) from our initial public offering and the underwriter's exercise of the over-allotment option. 
 The following table summarizes the total shares issued and proceeds received related to the Company s capital drawdowns delivered pursuant to the Subscription Agreements for the year ended December 31, 2020 (dollars in millions except share amounts): 
 173 

Table of Contents 

 April 8, 2020 July 15, 2020 July 28, 2020 November 6, 2020 December 15, 2020 (1) Total 
 (1) On December 1, 2020, the Company issued a capital call and delivered capital drawdown notices totaling million, of which million was received subsequent to December 31, 2020 and recorded as a subscription receivable on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 
 Distributions 
 (1) October 18, 2021 March 16, 2022 May 13, 2022 (1) February 23, 2022 March 31, 2022 May 13, 2022 October 18, 2021 May 16, 2022 August 12, 2022 (1) May 2, 2022 June 30, 2022 August 12, 2022 October 18, 2021 July 18, 2022 November 14, 2022 (1) August 30, 2022 September 30, 2022 November 14, 2022 November 2, 2022 December 30, 2022 January 31, 2023 Total distributions (1) Represents a special distribution. 

174 

Table of Contents 

 June 7, 2021 June 7, 2021 August 13, 2021 June 7, 2021 June 30, 2021 August 13, 2021 September 7, 2021 September 7, 2021 November 12, 2021 September 7, 2021 September 30, 2021 November 12, 2021 October 18, 2021 December 31, 2021 January 31, 2022 Total distributions 
 The following table summarizes the Company s distributions declared and payable for the year ended December 31, 2020 (dollars in thousands except per share amounts): Date Declared Record Date Payment Date Per Share Amount Total Amount January 29, 2020 January 29, 2020 May 15, 2020 February 26, 2020 March 31, 2020 May 15, 2020 April 7, 2020 April 7, 2020 August 14, 2020 June 29, 2020 June 30, 2020 August 14, 2020 July 14, 2020 July 14, 2020 November 13, 2020 July 27, 2020 July 27, 2020 November 13, 2020 August 26, 2020 September 30, 2020 November 13, 2020 November 5, 2020 November 5, 2020 January 29, 2021 December 14, 2020 December 14, 2020 January 29, 2021 December 14, 2020 December 14, 2020 January 29, 2021 (1) December 14, 2020 December 31, 2020 January 29, 2021 Total distributions 
 (1) Represents a special distribution. 
 Dividend Reinvestment 
 The Company has adopted a dividend reinvestment plan DRIP ), pursuant to which it reinvests all cash dividends declared by the Board on behalf of its shareholders who do not elect to receive their dividends in cash. As a result, if the Board and the Company declares, a cash dividend or other distribution, then the Company s shareholders who have not opted out of its dividend reinvestment plan will have their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares as described below, rather than receiving the cash dividend or other distribution. Starting from the consummation of the IPO, the number of shares to be issued to a shareholder is determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the cash dividend or distribution payable to a shareholder by the market price per common share at the close of regular trading on the NYSE on the payment date of a distribution, or if no sale is reported for such day, the average of the reported bid and ask prices. However, if the market price per share on the payment date of a cash dividend or distribution exceeds the most recently computed NAV per share, the Company will issue shares at the greater of (i) the most recently computed NAV per share and (ii) of the current market price per share (or such lesser discount to the current market price per share that still exceeded the most recently computed NAV per share). For example, if the most recently computed NAV per share is 25.00 and the market price on the payment date of a cash dividend is 24.00 per share, the Company will issue shares at 24.00 per share. If the most recently computed NAV per share is 25.00 and the market price on the payment date of a cash dividend is 27.00 per share, the Company will issue shares at 25.65 per share (95 of the current market price). If the most recently computed NAV per share is 25.00 and the market price on the payment date of a cash dividend is 26.00 per share, the Company will issue shares at 25.00 per share. 
 Shareholders who receive distributions in the form of shares will generally be subject to the same U.S. federal, state and local tax consequences as if they received cash distributions; however, since their cash distributions will be reinvested, 
 175 

Table of Contents 

 May 13, 2022 August 12, 2022 November 14, 2022 Total distributions 
 
 The following table summarizes the amounts and shares issued to shareholders who have not opted out of the Company's DRIP during the year ended December 31, 2021 (dollars in thousands except share amounts): 
 Payment Date DRIP Shares Value DRIP Shares Issued January 29, 2021 May 14, 2021 August 13, 2021 November 12, 2021 Total distributions 
 
 The following table summarizes the amounts and shares issued to shareholders who have not opted out of the Company's DRIP during the year ended December 31, 2020 (dollars in thousands except share amounts): 
 Payment Date DRIP Shares Value DRIP Shares Issued January 30, 2020 May 15, 2020 August 14, 2020 November 13, 2020 Total distributions 
 
 Share Repurchase Plan 
 
 In October 2021, our Board approved a share repurchase plan (the Company 10b5-1 Plan ), to acquire up to approximately million (representing the net proceeds from the IPO) in the aggregate of our common shares at prices below our NAV per share over a specified period, in accordance with the guidelines specified in Rule 10b-18 and Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act. The Company 10b5-1 Plan terminated by its own terms in November 2022. 
 
 176 

Table of Contents 

 May 1 - May 31, 2022 June 1 - June 30, 2022 July 1 - July 31, 2022 August 1 - August 31, 2022 September 1 - September 30, 2022 October 1 - October 31, 2022 Total Repurchases 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2021 or December 31, 2020, the Company did t repurchase any of its shares under the Share Repurchase Plan. 
 
 Shareholder Transfer Restrictions 
 
 For shareholders who held common shares prior to the IPO, without the consent of the Adviser: 
 
 prior to January 3, 2022, a shareholder was not permitted to transfer (whether by sale, gift, merger, by operation of law or otherwise), exchange, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of or encumber any common share held by such shareholder prior to the IPO (and any DRIP shares received with respect to such common shares); 
 
 prior to March 1, 2022, a shareholder was not permitted to transfer (whether by sale, gift, merger, by operation of law or otherwise), exchange, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of or encumber of the common shares held by such shareholder prior to the IPO (and any DRIP shares received with respect to such common shares); 
 
 prior to May 1, 2022, a shareholder was not permitted to transfer (whether by sale, gift, merger, by operation of law or otherwise), exchange, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of or encumber of the common shares held by such shareholder prior to the IPO (and any DRIP shares received with respect to such common shares); and 
 
 prior to July 1, 2022, a shareholder was not permitted to transfer (whether by sale, gift, merger, by operation of law or otherwise), exchange, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of or encumber of the common shares held by such shareholder prior to the date of the IPO (and any DRIP shares received with respect to such common shares). 
 
 This means that, as a result of these transfer restrictions, without the consent of the Adviser, a shareholder who owned common shares on the date of the IPO could not sell any of such shares until January 3, 2022; prior to March 1, 2022, such shareholder could only sell up to of such shares; prior to May 1, 2022, such shareholder could only sell up to of such shares; prior to July 1, 2022, such shareholder could only sell up to of such shares; and after July 1, 2022, such shareholder could sell all of such shares. Consent by the Adviser to waive any of the foregoing transfer restrictions is subject to the consent of the representatives on behalf of the underwriters in the IPO. In addition, the Company s trustees have agreed for a period of 180 days after the date of the IPO and the Company s executive officers who are not trustees have agreed for a period of 180 days after the date of the IPO, not to transfer (whether by sale, gift, merger, by operation of law or otherwise) their common shares without the prior written consent of the representatives on behalf of the underwriters in the IPO, subject to certain exceptions. 
 177 

Table of Contents 

 Note 9. 
 Weighted average shares outstanding (basic and diluted) Earnings (loss) per share (basic and diluted) 

Note 10. 
 ) ) Accumulated net realized gain (loss) ) Paid In Capital ) ) 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, permanent differences were principally related to million, million and million, respectively, of U.S. federal excise taxes and million, and million, respectively, of non-deductible offering costs. 
 For tax purposes, the Company may elect to defer any portion of a post-October capital loss or late-year ordinary loss to the first day of the following fiscal year. 
 
 Post-October capital loss deferral - long term Net post-October capital loss deferrals 
 178 

Table of Contents 

 Net unrealized (appreciation) depreciation ) Realized gain (losses) for tax not included in book income ) ) Nondeductible capital gains incentive fee ) ) Other nondeductible expenses and excise taxes Net post-October capital loss deferral (reversal) ) Taxable/distributable income 
 (1) Tax information for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 is estimated and is not considered final until the Company files its tax return. 
 Distributable capital gains Other temporary book/tax differences ) ) ) Net unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) on investments ) Total accumulated under-distributed (over-distributed) earnings 
 Gross unrealized depreciation ) ) ) Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) ) Tax cost of investments 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, million and million of the dividends declared were derived from ordinary income and capital gains, respectively, as determined on a tax basis. 
 
 All of the dividends declared during the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 were derived from ordinary income, as determined on a tax basis. 
 
 BGSL Investments, a wholly-owned subsidiary that was formed in 2019, is a Delaware LLC which has elected to be treated as a corporation for U.S. tax purposes. As such, BGSL Investments is subject to U.S. Federal, state and local taxes. For the Company's tax year ended December 31, 2022, BGSL Investments activity did not result in a material provision for income taxes. 
 
 Management has analyzed the Company s tax positions taken, or to be taken, on federal income tax returns for all open tax years, and has concluded that no provision for income tax is required in the Company s financial statements. The Company s federal tax returns are subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service for a period of three fiscal years after they are filed. 
 179 

Table of Contents 

 Note 11. 
 Net investment income Net unrealized and realized gain (loss) ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations ) Distributions declared (2) ) ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets from capital share transactions ) ) ) Total increase (decrease) in net assets ) ) ) Net asset value, end of period Shares outstanding, end of period Total return based on NAV (3) ) Total return based on market value (4) ) N/A N/A N/A Ratios: Ratio of net expenses to average net assets (5) Ratio of net investment income to average net assets (5) Portfolio turnover rate Supplemental Data: Net assets, end of period Asset coverage ratio 
 (1) The per share data was derived by using the weighted average shares outstanding during the period. 
 (2) The per share data for distributions was derived by using the actual shares outstanding at the date of the relevant transactions (refer to Note 8). 
 (3) Total return is calculated as the change in NAV per share during the period, plus distributions per share (assuming dividends and distributions are reinvested in accordance with the Company's dividend reinvestment plan) divided by the beginning NAV per share. Total return does not include sales load. 
 (4) Total return based on market value is calculated as the change in market value per share during the respective periods, taking into account distributions, if any, reinvested in accordance with the Company s dividend reinvestment plan. The beginning market value per share is based on the initial public offering price of per share and not annualized. 
 (5) Amounts are annualized except for expense support amounts relating to organizational costs mounts are annualized except for organizational costs and management fee and income based incentive fee waivers by the Adviser (refer to Note 3). For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, and the period ended December 31, 2018, the ratio of total operating expenses to average net assets was , , , , and , respectively, on an annualized basis, excluding the effect of expense support/(recoupment) and management fee and income based incentive fee waivers by the Adviser which represented ) , ) , ) , ) , and , respectively, of average net assets. 
 (6) The period ended December 31, 2018 represents the period from November 20, 2018 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2018. 

Note 12. 
 million in the aggregate of our outstanding common shares in the open market at prices below our NAV per share for a term, in accordance with the guidelines specified in Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. The timing, manner, price and amount of any 
 180 

Table of Contents 

 per share, which is payable on April 27, 2023, to shareholders of record as of March 31, 2023. 
 181 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 There are not and have not been any disagreements between the Company and its accountant on any matter of accounting principles, practices, or financial statement disclosure. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 In accordance with Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the 1934 Act, we, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the 1934 Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K and determined that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the end of the period covered by the Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 COSO Framework). Based on this evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 (c) Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting which is set forth under the heading Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on the following page. 
 (d) Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

182 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Trustees of Blackstone Secured Lending Fund: 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Blackstone Secured Lending Fund and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 of the Company and our report dated February 27, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 
 New York, New York 
 
 February 27, 2023 
 183 

Table of Contents 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act 
 Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 and Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act require an issuer to disclose in its annual and quarterly reports whether it or any of its affiliates have knowingly engaged in specified activities or transactions relating to Iran. We are required to include certain disclosures in our periodic reports if we or any of our affiliates (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) knowingly engaged in certain specified activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or with certain individuals or entities targeted by United States' economic sanctions during the period covered by the report. Disclosure is generally required even where the activities, transactions or dealings were conducted in compliance with applicable law. Neither Blackstone Credit nor any of its controlled affiliates or subsidiaries knowingly engaged in any of the specified activities relating to Iran or otherwise engaged in any activities associated with Iran during the reporting period. However, because the SEC defines the term affiliate broadly, it includes any person or entity that is under common control with us as well as any entity that controls us or is controlled by us. 
 Blackstone, which may be considered our affiliate, included the disclosure reproduced below in its Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. We have not independently verified or participated in preparation of this disclosure: 
 Atlantia S.p.A. provided the disclosure reproduced below in connection with activities during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. We have not independently verified or participated in the preparation of this disclosure. 
 Disclosure pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Funds affiliated with Blackstone first invested in Atlantia S.p.A. on November 18, 2022 in connection with the voluntary public tender offer by Schema Alfa S.p.A. for all of the shares of Atlantia S.p.A., pursuant to which such funds obtained a minority non-controlling interest in Atlantia S.p.A. Atlantia S.p.A. owns and controls Aeroporti di Roma S.p.A. ADR ), an operator of airports in Italy including Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino Airport. Iran Air has historically operated periodic flights to and from Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino Airport as authorized, from time to time, by an aviation-related bilateral agreement between Italy and Iran, scheduled in compliance with European Regulation 95/93, and approved by the Italian Civil Aviation Authority. ADR, as airport operator, is under a mandatory obligation to provide airport services to all air carriers (including Iran Air) authorized by the applicable Italian authority. The relevant turnover attributable to these activities (whose consideration is calculated on the basis of general tariffs determined by such independent Italian authority) in the quarter ended December 31, 2022 was less than 30,000. Atlantia S.p.A. does not track profits specifically attributable to these activities. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 None. 
 184 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 Management 
 Our business and affairs are managed under the direction of the Board. The responsibilities of the Board include, among other things, the oversight of our investment activities, the quarterly and non-quarterly valuation of our assets, oversight of our financing arrangements and corporate governance activities. Our Board consists of seven members, five of whom are not interested persons of the Company or of the Adviser as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act and are independent, as determined by the Board. These individuals are referred to as independent trustees. Our Board elects the Company s executive officers, who serve at the discretion of the Board. Effective August 4, 2021, the Board established the Compensation Committee of the Board and appointed Robert Bass, Tracy Collins, Vicki Fuller and James F. Clark as members of the Compensation Committee. Effective October 18, 2021, the Board appointed Vikrant Sawhney as a trustee of the Company. Effective May 2, 2022 the Board appointed Michelle Greene as a trustee of the Company. Effective May 3, 2022, Daniel H. Smith, Jr. resigned as a trustee of the Company. 
 Effective October 18, 2021, the Board was divided into three classes, with the members of each class serving staggered, three-year terms. The terms of our Class II trustees will expire at the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders; and the terms of our Class III trustees will expire at the 2024 annual meeting of shareholders. On September 16, 2022, the Company held its 2022 annual meeting of shareholders, at which, among other things, our Class I trustees were elected to the Board to serve as trustees until the later of the Company s 2025 annual meeting of shareholders or until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. 
 Trustees 
 Information regarding the Board is as follows: Name Year of Birth Position Trustee Class Trustee Since Interested Trustee: Brad Marshall 1972 Trustee, Chairperson, and Co-Chief Executive Officer Class III 2018 Vikrant Sawhney 1970 Trustee Class I 2021 Independent Trustees: Robert Bass 1949 Trustee Class II 2018 Tracy Collins 1963 Trustee Class III 2018 Vicki Fuller 1957 Trustee Class I 2020 James F. Clark 1961 Trustee Class I 2020 Michelle Greene 1969 Trustee Class II 2022 
 The address for each of our trustees is c/o Blackstone Credit BDC Advisors LLC, 345 Park Avenue, 31st Floor, New York, NY 10154. 
 185 

Table of Contents 

 Executive Officers Who are Not Trustees Name Year of Birth Position Jonathan Bock 1982 Co-Chief Executive Officer Carlos Whitaker 1976 President Kevin Kresge 1983 Interim Chief Financial Officer Katherine Rubenstein 1978 Chief Operating Officer David Goldberg 1982 Interim Chief Accounting Officer and Interim Treasurer Beth Chartoff 1969 Public Relations Officer Marisa J. Beeney 1970 Chief Legal Officer and Secretary William Renahan 1969 Chief Compliance Officer 
 (1) Effective as of January 10, 2023, the Board appointed Jonathan Bock to serve as Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company. There are no family relationships between Mr. Bock and any director or executive officer of the Company, and he is not a party to any transaction that is required to be reported pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 (2) Effective September 9, 2022, Mr. Kresge was appointed as Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 
 (3) Effective July 27, 2022, Mr. Goldberg was appointed as Interim Chief Accounting Officer and Interim Treasurer of the Company. 
 (4) Effective August 3, 2022, Mr. Renahan was appointed as Chief Compliance Officer. 
 Biographical Information 
 Trustees 
 Our trustees have been divided into two groups interested trustees and independent trustees. An interested trustee is an interested person as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. 
 Interested Trustees 
 Brad Marshall (Portfolio Manager) , Trustee, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, Global Head of Private Credit Strategies and Senior Managing Director of Blackstone . Mr. Marshall is Co-CEO of both Blackstone Private Credit Fund BCRED and BXSL. Mr. Marshall also serves as a member of the private credit investment committees. Before joining Blackstone Credit in 2005, Mr. Marshall worked in various roles at RBC, including fixed income research and business development within RBC s private equity funds effort. Prior to RBC, Mr. Marshall helped develop a private equity funds business for TAL Global, a Canadian asset management division of CIBC, and prior to that, he co-founded a microchip verification software company where he served as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Marshall received an M.B.A. from McGill University in Montreal and a B.A. (Honors) in Economics from Queen s University in Kingston, Canada. Mr. Marshall also serves on the board of trustees of BCRED. 
 Vikrant Sawhney , Senior Managing Director of Blackstone and Chief Administrative Officer . Mr. Sawhney currently serves as Chief Administrative Officer and Global Head of Institutional Client Solutions of Blackstone Inc. Since joining Blackstone in 2007, Mr. Sawhney started Blackstone Capital Markets and also served as the Chief Operating Officer of the Private Equity group. Before joining Blackstone, Mr. Sawhney worked as a Managing Director in the Financial Sponsors Group at Deutsche Bank, and prior to that was an Associate at the law firm of Simpson Thacher Bartlett. Mr. Sawhney represented Blackstone as a Rockefeller Fellow during 2010-2011, and currently sits on the board of the Blackstone Charitable Foundation. He is also the Board Chair of Dream, an east Harlem-based educational and social services organization. He graduated from Dartmouth College and received a J.D. from Harvard Law School. Mr. Sawhney also serves on the board of trustees of BCRED. 
 Independent Trustees 
 Robert Bass. Mr. Bass has served on the board of Groupon, Inc. since June 2012. He served as a Vice Chairman of Deloitte Touche LLP from 2006 through June 2012, and was a Partner in Deloitte from 1982 through June 2012, where he specialized in e-commerce, mergers and acquisitions, SEC filings and related issues. At Deloitte, Mr. Bass was responsible for all services provided to Forstmann Little and its portfolio companies and was the advisory partner for Blackstone, DIRECTV, 24 Hour Fitness, McKesson, IMG and CSC. In addition, he has been an advisory partner for RR Donnelley, Automatic Data Processing, Community Health Systems, and Avis Budget. Mr. Bass has served on the board of directors of Sims Metal Management (ASX: SGM.AX) and as a member of the risk and audit committee from September 2013 to December 31, 2018, including as Chairman of the risk and audit committee from November 2014, the board of directors and as a member of the 
 186 

Table of Contents 

 audit committee of Apex Tool Group, LLC since December 2014, including as Chairman of the audit committee since April 2015, the board of directors and as Chairman of the audit committee of New Page Corporation from January 2013 (emergence from chapter XI) to January 2015 (sale of the company), and the board of directors and as Chairman of the audit committee of Redfin Corporation (NASDAQ: RDFN) since October 2016. Mr. Bass served on the board of directors of Bowlero Corporation and as the chairman of the audit committee starting in December 2021. Mr. Bass is a certified public accountant licensed in New York and Connecticut. He is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Connecticut State Society of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Bass also serves on the board of trustees of BCRED. 
 Tracy Collins. Ms. Collins is an independent finance professional and most recently served as CEO to SmartFinance LLC (2013-2017), a Fintech startup purchased by MidFirst Bank in December of 2017. During her career in financial services, Ms. Collins worked as a Senior Managing Director (Partner) and Head of Asset-Backed Securities Research at Bear Stearns Co., Inc. for six years and prior to that as a Managing Director (Partner) and Head of Asset-Backed Securities and Structured Products at Credit Suisse (formerly known as Credit Suisse First Boston) for nine years. During her tenure as a structured product specialist, Ms. Collins was consistently recognized as a First Team All American Research Analyst. Ms. Collins served as an independent director for KKR Financial from August 2006 to May 2014. She graduated from the University of Texas at Austin in the Plan II Honors Program. Ms. Collins spouse is the founder, managing partner and co-CIO of Good Hill Partners LP Good Hill ). Good Hill is a registered investment adviser that manages various types of collective investment vehicles and investment accounts. Affiliates of the Adviser (but not the Adviser) have invested on behalf of their clients in Good Hill-managed vehicles or accounts since 2010, and the amount of such investment is material to Good Hill. Ms. Collins also serves on the board of trustees of BCRED. 
 Vicki Fuller . Ms. Fuller is founder and CEO of VLF Development LLC, where she oversees the execution of complex institutional advisory assignments. She previously has served as a Director of The Williams Companies, Inc. since 2018. Ms. Fuller joined the board of The Williams Companies, Inc. to 2021, which she joined after retirement from the New York State Common Retirement Fund NYSCRF ), where she served as Chief Investment Officer beginning in August from 2012 to 2018. NYSCRF is the third largest public pension fund in the nation and holds and invests the assets of the New York State and Local Retirement System on behalf of more than one million state and local government employees and retirees and their beneficiaries. Prior to joining NYSCRF, Ms. Fuller spent 27 years in leadership positions at AllianceBernstein Holding L.P., a global investment manager with more than 500 billion in assets under management. She joined the company in 1993 from the Equitable Capital Management Corporation, which was acquired by Alliance Capital Management LP (in 2000, the company became AllianceBernstein LP after the company acquired Sanford C. Bernstein). In 2021, Ms. Fuller was appointed to the board of directors of Gusto, a company that provides cloud-based payroll, benefits and human resource management software for businesses. In 2019, Ms. Fuller was appointed to the board of directors of Treliant, LLC, an international multi-industry consulting firm specializing in regulatory requirements. In 2018, Ms. Fuller was appointed to the Board of Trustees for Fidelity Equity and High Income Funds. Ms. Fuller, who was inducted into the National Association of Securities Professionals Wall Street Hall of Fame, was named to Chief Investment Officer Magazine s Power 100 and received the Urban Technology Center s Corporate Leadership Award. She has also been named one of the most powerful African Americans on Wall Street by Black Enterprise. Ms. Fuller also serves on the board of trustees of BCRED. 
 James F. Clark. Mr. Clark has served as a Partner with Sound Shore Management, Inc. Sound Shore ), which he joined in 2004. At Sound Shore, Mr. Clark is a generalist on the investment team, responsible for the firm s investments in energy, industrials, materials, and utilities. His tenure also includes heading Sound Shore s Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Committee and having served on its Investment Committee and operating committee. Previously, Mr. Clark worked at Credit Suisse First Boston (CSFB) from 1984 to 2004, most recently as a Managing Director from 1996 to 2004. At CSFB, Mr. Clark served as Head of US Equity Research, from 2000-2004, and as the firm s International and Domestic Oil Analyst, from 1989-2000. Mr. Clark was selected to Institutional Investor magazine s All America Research teams, 1993-1999. Mr. Clark was also named a Wall Street Journal All-Star Analyst, for both International and Domestic Oils from 1993-1999. Mr. Clark was also recognized by the Wall Street Journal as an All-Star Analyst from 1994 to 1999, and named to that newspaper s All-Star Analyst Hall of Fame in 1998 and 1999. Mr. Clark has an M.B.A. from Harvard University and a B.A. from Williams College, cum laude and with highest honors. Mr. Clark also served as a winter adjunct faculty member at Williams College, 2020-2021. brings a broad range of knowledge and experience with investing in and analyzing securities investments, and his experience managing investments is a significant resource for the Company. Mr. Clark also serves on the board of trustees of BCRED. 
 Michelle Greene. Ms. Greene is President Emeritus and a Board member and Advisor to the Long-Term Stock Exchange LTSE ), a venture-backed, SEC-approved National Market System exchange with listing standards designed to support companies seeking to partner with long-term shareholders, engage a broad group of stakeholders and build their businesses over time. In this role, she provides guidance to executives on governance and policy issues, including related to ESG, the role of the board, long-term investor and stakeholder engagement and IPOs. She also is on the Board of Directors and 
 187 

Table of Contents 

 a Fellow at the Aspen Institute Business Society Program, which works with executives, investors, and scholars to align business decisions and investments with the long-term health of society and the planet. Prior to LTSE, Ms. Greene was Senior Vice President and Head of Global Corporate Responsibility at the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), where she launched and led its global ESG team, advised Fortune 500 companies on sustainability programs and served as Executive Director of the NYSE Foundation. Previously, she served at the U.S. Department of the Treasury under two administrations, working on financial markets policy, including government response to the 2008 financial crisis and policy development on financial inclusion. Ms. Greene was also a Consultant at McKinsey Company and led the Carr Center for Human Rights Policy at Harvard University, having begun her career as a corporate securities lawyer. Ms. Greene has been a member of recent Aspen Institute working groups on employee voice on corporate boards and executive compensation and previously served on World Economic Forum advisory boards on financial inclusion and gender parity. She was previously Executive Director of the President s Advisory Council on Financial Literacy and Financial Inclusion, a member of the White House Council on Women and Girls and an adjunct professor at Columbia University s School of International and Public Affairs. Ms. Greene graduated from Dartmouth College and received a J.D. from Harvard Law School. Ms. Greene also serves on the board of trustees of BCRED. 
 Executive Officers Who Are Not Trustees 
 Jonathan Bock, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Global Head of Market Research of Blackstone Credit and Senior Managing Director of Blackstone . Prior to joining Blackstone, Mr. Bock was the Chief Executive Officer of Barings BDC. In addition to this role, he served as the Co-Chief Executive Officer and President of Barings Private Credit Corporation, and Chief Financial Officer of Barings Capital Investment Corporation, Barings Corporate Investors, and Barings Participation Investors. Prior to joining Barings in July 2018, Mr. Bock was a Managing Director and Senior Equity Analyst at Wells Fargo Securities specializing in BDCs. He has actively followed the BDC space since 2006 and was the chief author of a leading BDC quarterly research publication: the BDC Scorecard. His research is often cited by Institutional Investor, The Wall Street Journal, Barron s, and other prominent financial publications. He is also published in the Journal of Alternative Investments. Prior to Wells Fargo, Mr. Bock followed the BDC industry at Stifel Nicolaus Company and A.G. Edwards Inc. Prior to entering sell-side research in 2006, Jonathan was an equity portfolio manager/analyst at Busey Wealth Management in Champaign, Illinois. Mr. Bock holds a bachelor s degree in finance from the University of Illinois College of Business and is a member of the CFA Institute. 
 Carlos Whitaker, President and Senior Managing Director of Blackstone . Before joining Blackstone Credit, Mr. Whitaker he was a Managing Director and Head of New York and Co-Head of EMEA Advisory Sales at Credit Suisse, where he began his career in 2000. Mr. Whitaker is a member of the McCombs School of Business Advisory Council at the University of Texas at Austin. He also sits on the boards of New York for McCombs and Rising Stars Capital Management, which is a nonprofit focused on improving diversity in the finance industry. Mr. Whitaker received a Bachelor of Arts from the Plan II Honors Program, a Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting and a Master s in Professional Accounting from the University of Texas at Austin. 
 Kevin Kresge, Interim Chief Financial Officer and Managing Director of Blackstone . Mr. Kresge is a Managing Director and Head of Finance for Blackstone Credit, Blackstone s credit investment platform. At Blackstone Credit, Mr. Kresge is responsible for valuations, financial planning and analysis, expense management and financial reporting. Prior to joining Blackstone Credit, Mr. Kresge served as Chief Financial Officer of the Private Wealth Solutions PWS group overseeing strategic planning, financial reporting, data management and business analytics. Prior to PWS, Mr. Kresge served as Chief Administrative Officer of the Strategic Incentives Group, responsible for the global execution, reporting compliance and technology related to firm s compensation programs and systems. Prior to that, Mr. Kresge was Head of Financial Planning and Analysis with responsibility for the company s global forecast process, business unit and firm-wide strategic planning, management reporting and various special projects. Before joining Blackstone in 2008, he held a number of roles in Finance and Global Markets and Investment Banking at Merrill Lynch. Mr. Kresge graduated magna cum laude from Villanova University with a B.S. in Finance and a B.S. in Accounting. 
 Katherine Rubenstein, Chief Operating Officer and Managing Director of Blackstone . Since joining Blackstone in 2015, Ms. Rubenstein created and led the GSO Advantage platform (now Blackstone Credit Advantage), which brings Blackstone s broad set of capabilities to drive operational efficiencies and growth for Blackstone Credit s portfolio companies. She subsequently created and led the Blackstone Advantage program, focusing on building networks and expanding access to resources for portfolio companies across Blackstone business units. Ms. Rubenstein is on the Blackstone Charitable Foundation Leadership Council and on the Board of Let s Get Ready, a non-profit organization that provides low-income and first generation to college students support to gain admission to and graduate from college. Before joining Blackstone, Ms. Rubenstein originated senior secured loans and equipment finance opportunities in the industrial, consumer, and retail sectors for GE Capital and prior to that worked in brand management at World Kitchen. Ms. Rubenstein received an M.B.A. from The 
 188 

Table of Contents 

 Johnson Graduate School of Management at Cornell University, where she was a Roy H. Park Leadership Fellow, and an A.B. from Dartmouth College. 
 David Goldberg, Interim Chief Accounting Officer and Interim Treasurer and Managing Director of Blackstone . Mr. is a Managing Director with Blackstone in the Global Fund Finance group where he oversees the accounting, financial reporting and fund administration for Blackstone s credit, liquid and insurance funds. Mr. Goldberg previously served as the Company s Interim Chief Accounting Officer and Interim Treasurer earlier this year. Before joining Blackstone in 2008, Mr. Goldberg was an AVP at Lehman Brothers in the Real Estate Private Equity Group overseeing two real estate mezzanine funds. Prior to that, Mr. Goldberg worked as a manager in the joint venture group at New Plan Excel Realty Trust. Mr. Goldberg began his career in the financial services group at PricewaterhouseCoopers. Mr. Goldberg received a B.A. from Queens College, City University of New York, where he graduated Cum Laude, with a major in Accounting and Information Systems and a minor in Economics. He is a licensed Certified Public Accountant. 
 Beth Chartoff, Public Relations Officer of the Company, Senior Managing Director of Blackstone and Head of Blackstone Credit's Investor Relations and Business Development . Ms. Chartoff is the Public Relations Officer of the Company, a Senior Managing Director of Blackstone and Head of Investor Relations and Business Development at Blackstone Credit. Before joining Blackstone Credit in 2005, Ms. Chartoff worked as a Director in Investment Banking at Banc of America Securities in the Financial Sponsors Group. Prior to working at Banc of America Securities, Ms. Chartoff was in the investment banking groups of Credit Suisse and DLJ. Ms. Chartoff worked on a variety of financing, M A and restructuring transactions in the consumer retail and media telecommunications industries. Ms. Chartoff received a B.A. in Economics from Cornell University and an M.B.A. from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. She is Head of the Blackstone Women s Initiative, focused on the recruitment, retention and advancement of women at the firm. In addition, Ms. Chartoff serves as a member of the Executive Committee of American Ballet Theatre s Board of Governing Trustees. 
 Marisa J. Beeney, Chief Legal Officer, Secretary, Senior Managing Director and General Counsel of Blackstone Credit . Ms. Beeney oversees legal and compliance matters relating to Blackstone s credit focused business. Before joining Blackstone Credit in 2007, Ms. Beeney was an attorney at DLA Piper within the finance group. Prior to that, she worked at Latham Watkins primarily on project finance and development transactions, as well as leveraged finance transactions, restructurings and certain structured credit products. Ms. Beeney holds a B.S. in Engineering from Cornell University, and a J.D., magna cum laude, from Boston University. 
 William Renahan, Chief Compliance Officer and Managing Director of Blackstone . Before joining Blackstone, Mr. Renahan was a Senior Managing Director and Chief Compliance Officer of Duff Phelps Investment Management and its affiliated funds. Prior to that he served for approximately 13 years at Legg Mason and predecessor firms as a Managing Director and Senior Counsel. Mr. Renahan has been an active member of the Investment Company Institute and served as Chairman of the ICI s Closed-End Fund Committee from 2014-2018. He holds a B.A. from Hobart College, a J.D., cum laude, from Albany Law School (where he was also an editor of the Albany Law Review), and a Master of Laws in Taxation from New York University School of Law. 
 Board Leadership Structure 
 Our business and affairs are managed under the direction of our Board. Among other things, our Board sets broad policies for us and approves the appointment of our investment adviser, administrator and officers. The role of our Board, and of any individual Trustee, is one of oversight and not of management of our day-to-day affairs. 
 Under our bylaws, our Board may designate one of our Trustees as chair to preside over meetings of our Board and meetings of shareholders, and to perform such other duties as may be assigned to him or her by our Board. The Board has appointed Brad Marshall to serve in the role of chairperson of the Board. The chairperson s role is to preside at all meetings of the Board and to act as a liaison with the Adviser, counsel and other Trustees generally between meetings. The chairperson serves as a key point person for dealings between management and the Trustees. The chairperson also may perform such other functions as may be delegated by the Board from time to time. The Board reviews matters related to its leadership structure annually. The Board has determined that its leadership structure is appropriate because it allows the Board to exercise informed and independent judgment over the matters under its purview and it allocates areas of responsibility among committees of Trustees and the full board in a manner that enhances effective oversight. 
 Our Board believes that its leadership structure is the optimal structure for us at this time. Our Board, which will review its leadership structure periodically as part of its annual self-assessment process, further believes that its structure is presently appropriate to enable it to exercise its oversight of us. 
 189 

Table of Contents 

 Board s Role in Risk Oversight 
 Our Board performs its risk oversight function primarily through (i) its standing committees, which report to the entire Board and are comprised solely of independent Trustees, and (ii) active monitoring of our chief compliance officer and our compliance policies and procedures. Oversight of other risks is delegated to the committees. 
 Oversight of our investment activities extends to oversight of the risk management processes employed by the Adviser as part of its day-to-day management of our investment activities. The Board anticipates reviewing risk management processes at both regular and special board meetings throughout the year, consulting with appropriate representatives of the Adviser as necessary and periodically requesting the production of risk management reports or presentations. The goal of the Board s risk oversight function is to ensure that the risks associated with our investment activities are accurately identified, thoroughly investigated and responsibly addressed. Investors should note, however, that the Board oversight function cannot eliminate all risks or ensure that particular events do not adversely affect the value of investments. 
 We believe that the role of our Board in risk oversight is effective and appropriate given the extensive regulation to which we are already subject as a BDC. As a BDC, we are required to comply with certain regulatory requirements that control the levels of risk in our business and operations. For example, we are limited in our ability to enter into transactions with our affiliates, including investing in any portfolio company in which one of our affiliates currently has an investment. 
 Corporate Governance 
 Committees 
 The Board has an Audit Committee, a Nominating and Governance Committee and a Compensation Committee and may form additional committees in the future. 
 Audit Committee 
 The Audit Committee is composed of Robert Bass, Tracy Collins, Vicki Fuller, James F. Clark and Michelle Greene, each of whom is not considered an interested person of the Company as that term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. Robert Bass serves as Chair of the Audit Committee. Our Board determined that Robert Bass is an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined under Item 407 of Regulation S-K, as promulgated under the 1934 Act. The Audit Committee members meet the current independence and experience requirements of Rule 10A-3 of the 1934 Act. 
 In accordance with its written charter adopted by the Board, the Audit Committee (a) assists the Board s oversight of the integrity of our financial statements, the independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications and independence, our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and the performance of our independent registered public accounting firm; (b) prepares an Audit Committee report, if required by the SEC, to be included in our annual proxy statement, if any; (c) oversees the scope of the annual audit of our financial statements, the quality and objectivity of our financial statements, accounting and financial reporting policies and internal controls; (d) determines the selection, appointment, retention and termination of our independent registered public accounting firm, as well as approving the compensation thereof; (e) pre-approves all audit and non-audit services provided to us and certain other persons by such independent registered public accounting firm; and (f) acts as a liaison between our independent registered public accounting firm and the Board. 
 Nominating and Governance Committee 
 The Nominating Committee is composed of Robert Bass, Tracy Collins, Vicki Fuller, James F. Clark, and Michelle Greene, each of whom is not considered an interested person of the Company as that term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. Tracy Collins serves as Chair of the Nominating Committee. 
 In accordance with its written charter adopted by the Board, the Nominating Committee recommends to the Board persons to be nominated by the Board for election at the Company s meetings of our shareholders, special or annual, if any, or to fill any vacancy on the Board that may arise between shareholder meetings. The Nominating Committee also makes recommendations with regard to the tenure of the trustees and is responsible for overseeing an annual evaluation of the Board and its committee structure to determine whether the structure is operating effectively. The Nominating Committee will consider for nomination to the Board candidates submitted by our shareholders or from other sources it deems appropriate. 
 190 

Table of Contents 

 Compensation Committee 
 The Compensation Committee is composed of Robert Bass, Tracy Collins, Vicki Fuller, James F. Clark, and Michelle Greene, each of whom is not considered an interested person of the Company as that term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. Vicki Fuller serves as Chair of the Compensation Committee. 
 The Compensation Committee is responsible for annually reviewing and recommending for approval to the Board the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement. The Compensation Committee is also responsible for reviewing and approving the compensation of the independent trustees. In addition, although we do not directly compensate our executive officers currently, to the extent that we do so in the future, the Compensation Committee would also be responsible for reviewing and evaluating their compensation and making recommendations to the Board regarding their compensation. Lastly, the Compensation Committee would produce a report on our executive compensation practices and policies for inclusion in our proxy statement if required by applicable proxy rules and regulations and, if applicable, make recommendations to the Board on our executive compensation practices and policies. The Compensation Committee has the authority to engage compensation consultants and to delegate their duties and responsibilities to a member or to a subcommittee of the Compensation Committee. 
 Communications to the Board of Trustees 
 The independent trustees serving on our Board intend to meet in executive sessions at the conclusion of or preceding each regularly scheduled meeting of the Board, and additionally as needed, without the presence of any directors or other persons who are part of our management. 
 Shareholders and other interested parties may contact any member (or all members) of the Board by mail. To communicate with the Board, any individual trustees or any group or committee of trustees, correspondence should be addressed to the Board or any such individual trustees or group or committee of trustees by either name or title. The address for each of our trustees is c/o Blackstone Credit BDC Advisors LLC, 345 Park Avenue, 31st Floor, New York, NY 10154. Any communication to report potential issues regarding accounting, internal controls and other auditing matters will be directed to the Audit Committee. Appropriate Company personnel will review and sort through communications before forwarding them to the addressee(s). 
 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
 Section 16(a) of the 1934 Act requires our executive officers, members of our Board, and persons who own more than ten percent of our shares to file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership with the SEC and furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. To our knowledge, based solely on our review of the copies of such reports furnished to us, we believe that, with respect to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, such persons complied with all such filing requirements. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions. Personnel subject to each code can invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that can be purchased or held by us, so long as such investments are made in accordance with the code s requirements. You can view the code of ethics on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 
 191 

Table of Contents 

 Dollar Range of Equity Securities Beneficially Owned by Directors 
 The following table sets forth the dollar range of equity securities of the Company beneficially owned by each trustee as of February 22, 2023: Dollar Range of Equity Securities in the Company(1)(2) Dollar Range of Equity Securities in the Fund Complex(1)(2)(3) Interested Trustees Brad Marshall over 100,000 over 100,000 Vikrant Sawhney None over 100,000 Independent Trustees Robert Bass over 100,000 over 100,000 Tracy Collins None None Vicki Fuller None None James F. Clark None over 100,000 Michelle Greene (4) None None 
 (1) Dollar ranges are as follows: none, 1 10,000, 10,001 50,000, 50,001 100,000, or over 100,000. 
 (2) Dollar ranges were determined using the number of shares that are beneficially owned as of February 22, 2023, multiplied by the Company s net asset value per share as of December 31, 2022. 
 (3) The "Fund Complex" consists of the Company, Blackstone Private Credit Fund, the Blackstone Credit Closed-End Funds (Blackstone Senior Floating Rate Term Fund, Blackstone Long-Short Credit Income Fund, Blackstone Strategic Credit Fund and Blackstone Floating Rate Enhanced Income Fund) and Blackstone Alternative Multi-Strategy Fund. 
 (4) Ms. Greene joined the Board on May 2, 2022. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 Executive Compensation 
 None of our executive officers will receive direct compensation from us. We will reimburse the Administrator the allocable portion of the compensation paid by the Administrator (or its affiliates) to our chief compliance officer and chief financial officer and their respective staffs as well as other administrative personnel (based on the percentage of time such individuals devote, on an estimated basis, to our business and affairs). The members of the Investment Committee, through their financial interests in the Adviser, are entitled to a portion of the profits earned by the Adviser, which includes any fees payable to the Adviser under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, less expenses incurred by the Adviser in performing its services under the Investment Advisory Agreement. 
 Further, we are prohibited under the 1940 Act from issuing equity incentive compensation, including stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock and stock, to our officers, directors and employees. 
 Trustee Compensation 
 No compensation is paid to our trustees who are interested persons, as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. Effective February 23, 2022, we pay each independent trustee: (i) 150,000 per year (prorated for any partial year), (ii) 2,500 for each regular meeting of the Board attended, (iii) 1,000 for each committee meeting attended (in addition to regular meeting fees to the extent committees meet on regular meeting dates) and (iv) 10,000 per year for the chairman of the Audit Committee. We are also authorized to pay the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of each independent trustee incurred by such trustee in connection with the fulfillment of his or her duties as an independent trustee. 
 192 

Table of Contents 

 Total Compensation earned from the Company for Fiscal Year 2022 (3) Total Compensation earned from Fund Complex for Fiscal Year 2022 (4) Interested Trustees Brad Marshall (1) Vikrant Sawhney (1) Independent Trustees Robert Bass (2) 190,500 385,125 Tracy Collins 180,500 367,000 Vicki Fuller 180,500 367,000 James F. Clark 180,500 367,000 Michelle Greene (5) 119,658 241,816 
 (1) These are interested trustees and, as such, do not receive compensation from the Company or the Fund Complex for their services as trustees. 
 (2) Includes compensation as chairman of the Audit Committee. 
 (3) The Company does not have a profit-sharing plan, and trustees do not receive any pension or retirement benefits from the Company. 
 (4) The Blackstone Credit Closed-End Funds and Blackstone Alternative Multi Strategy Fund do not pay compensation to the trustees of the Company. Blackstone Private Credit Fund does pay compensation to the Independent Trustees of the Company. 
 (5) Ms. Greene joined the Board on May 2, 2022. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The following table sets forth, as of February 22, 2023, the beneficial ownership of each current trustee, the Company s executive officers, each person known to us to benefici ally own 5 or more of the outstanding shares, and the executive officers and trustees as a group. Percentage of beneficial ownership is based on 160,571,371 shares outstanding as of February 22, 2023 . 
 Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the shares. Ownership information for those persons who beneficially own 5 or more of our shares is based upon filings by such persons with the SEC and other information obtained from such persons, if available. 
 Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that each beneficial owner set forth in the table has sole voting and investment power and has the same address as the Company. Our trustees are divided into two groups interested and independent. Interested trustees are interested persons of the Company or the Adviser as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of all executive officers and trustees is 345 Park Avenue, 31st floor, New York, New York 10154. 
 Type of Ownership Number of Shares Owned Percentage Interested Trustees Brad Marshall Record/Beneficial 203,284 (1) Vikrant Sawhney Independent Trustees Robert Bass Record/Beneficial 12,251 (1) Tracy Collins Vicki Fuller James F. Clark Michelle Greene Executive Officers Who Are Not Directors Jonathan Bock Carlos Whitaker Kevin Kresge 
 193 

Table of Contents 

 Katherine Rubenstein Record/Beneficial 3,441 (1) David Goldberg Beth Chartoff Record/Beneficial 2,076 (1) Marisa J. Beeney William Renahan All Trustees and Executive Officers as a Group (15 persons) 221,052 (1) Five-Percent Shareholder QIA FIG Glass Holding Limited Record/Beneficial 13,723,035 8.5 
 (1) Amounts round to less than 1 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 Transactions with Related Persons 
 Investment Advisory Agreement; Administration Agreement 
 We have entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement with the Adviser pursuant to which we pay the Adviser a management fee at an annual rate of (i) prior to an Exchange Listing, 0.75 , and (ii) following an Exchange Listing, 1.0 , in each case of the average value of our gross assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters, and a two-part incentive fee based on (i) the amount by which our pre-incentive fee net investment income returns exceed a certain hurdle rate and (ii) our capital gains. In addition, pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement, we will reimburse the Adviser and Administrator for certain expenses as they occur. See Item 1. Business Investment Advisory Agreement, Item 1. Business Administration Agreement, and Item 1. Business Payment of Our Expenses under the Investment Advisory and Administration Agreements. Each of the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement has been approved by the Board. Unless earlier terminated, each of the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement will remain in effect for a period of two years from the date it first became effective and will remain in effect from year-to-year thereafter if approved annually by a majority of the Board, including a majority of independent trustees, or by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, base management fees were 101.7 million, 62.4 million and 32.9 million, respectively, of which 25.4 million, 4.2 million and 0.0 million, respectively, were waived. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, 18.6 million and 17.8 million, respectively, was payable to the Adviser relating to management fees. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company accrued income based incentive fees of 97.2 million, 67.3 million and 42.0 million, respectively, of which 13.9 million, 2.3 million and 0.0 million, respectively, were waived. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, 24.8 million and 19.8 million, respectively was payable to the Adviser for income based incentive fees. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company accrued capital gains incentive fees of (11.9) million, 16.3 million, and (3.1) million, respectively, none of which was payable on such dates under the Investment Advisory Agreement. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred 2.7 million, 2.4 million and 2.3 million, respectively, under the Administration Agreement, which were recorded in administrative service fees in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, 1.2 million and 1.1 million, respectively, was unpaid and included in due to affiliate in the Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities. 
 Co-Investment Relief 
 We have in the past co-invested, and in the future may co-invest, with certain affiliates of the Adviser. We have received an exemptive order from the SEC that permits us, among other things, to co-invest with certain other persons, including certain affiliates of the Adviser and certain funds managed and controlled by the Adviser and its affiliates, subject to certain terms and conditions. Pursuant to such order, the Company's Board has established Board Criteria clearly defining co-investment opportunities in which the Company will have the opportunity to participate with one or more Blackstone Credit 
 194 

Table of Contents 

 BDCs and other public or private Blackstone Credit funds that target similar assets. If an investment falls within the Board Criteria, Blackstone Credit must offer an opportunity for the Blackstone Credit BDCs to participate. The Blackstone Credit BDCs may determine to participate or not to participate, depending on whether Blackstone Credit determines that the investment is appropriate for the Blackstone Credit BDCs (e.g., based on investment strategy). The co-investment is generally allocated to us, any other Blackstone Credit BDCs and the other Blackstone Credit funds that target similar assets pro rata based on available capital in the applicable asset class. If the Adviser determines that such investment is not appropriate for us, the investment will not be allocated to us, but the Adviser will be required to report such investment and the rationale for its determination for us to not participate in the investment to the Board at the next quarterly board meeting. 
 Transactions with Promoters and Certain Control Persons 
 The Adviser may be deemed a promoter of the Company. We have entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement with the Adviser and the Administration Agreement with the Administrator. The Adviser, for its services to us, are entitled to receive management fees and incentive fees in addition to the reimbursement of certain expenses. The Administrator, for its services to us, are entitled to receive reimbursement of certain expenses. In addition, under the Investment Advisory Agreement and Administration Agreement, to the extent permitted by applicable law and in the discretion of our Board, we have indemnified the Adviser and the Administrator and certain of their affiliates. See Item 1. Business . 
 Statement of Policy Regarding Transactions with Related Persons 
 The Board will conduct quarterly reviews of any potential related party transactions brought to its attention and, during these reviews, it will consider any conflicts of interest brought to its attention pursuant to the Company s compliance policies and procedures. Each of the Company s trustees and executive officers is subject to the Company s Code of Ethics, which places restrictions on related party transactions, and is instructed and periodically reminded to inform the Company s Chief Compliance Officer or her designee of any potential related party transactions. In addition, each such trustee and executive officer completes a questionnaire on an annual basis designed to elicit information about any potential related party transactions. 
 Trustee Independence 
 For information regarding the independence of our trustees, see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 Audit Fees 
 The aggregate audit fees billed by Deloitte Touche LLP for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 0.97 million and 0.75 million, respectively. 
 Fees included in the audit fees category are those associated with the annual audit of the Company s financial statements and services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 The aggregate audit-related fees billed by Deloitte Touche LLP for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 0.06 million and 0.21 million, respectively. 
 Audit-related fees are for any services rendered to the Company that are reasonably related to the performance of the audits or reviews of the Company s consolidated financial statements (but not reported as audit fees above). These services include attestation services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 
 No audit related fees were billed by Deloitte Touche LLP to the Adviser, or any entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, the Adviser, that provides ongoing services to the Company, for engagements directly related to the Company s operations and financial reporting, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 195 

Table of Contents 

 Tax Fees 
 No tax fees were billed by Deloitte Touche LLP for services rendered to the Company for professional tax services for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Fees included in the tax fees category comprise all services performed by professional staff in the independent registered public accountant s tax division except those services related to the audits. This category comprises fees for services provided in connection with the preparation and review of the Company s tax returns. 
 No tax fees were billed by Deloitte Touche LLP to the Adviser, or any entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, the Adviser, that provides ongoing services to the Company, for engagements directly related to the Company s operations and financial reporting, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 All Other Fees 
 No fees were billed by Deloitte Touche LLP for products and services provided to the Company, other than the services reported in Audit Fees and "Audit Related Fees" above, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 No fees were billed by Deloitte Touche LLP to the Adviser, or any entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, the Adviser, that provides ongoing services to the Company, for engagements directly related to the Company s operations and financial reporting, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Aggregate Non-Audit Fees 
 No non-audit fees were billed to the Adviser and service affiliates by Deloitte Touche LLP for non-audit services for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. This includes any non-audit services required to be pre-approved or non-audit services that did not require pre-approval since they did not directly relate to the Company s operations or financial reporting. 
 Pre-Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services Provided to the Company 
 As part of this responsibility, the Audit Committee is required to pre-approve all audit and non-audit services performed by our independent auditor in order to assure that the performance of these services does not impair the auditor s independence from the Company. Accordingly, the Audit Committee has adopted a Pre-Approval of Independent Auditor Services Policy (the Policy ), which sets forth the conditions and procedures governing the pre-approval of services that the Independent Auditor proposes to provide. Our independent auditor has reviewed the Policy and has confirmed that the implementation of the Policy will not adversely affect its independence. 
 The Policy describes the audit, audit-related, tax and other services for the Company that have the pre-approval of the Audit Committee. The term of any pre-approval is 12 months from the date of pre-approval or until the next annual Independent Auditor services engagement is pre-approved, whichever is later. The Audit Committee will periodically revise the list of pre-approved services based on subsequent determinations. 
 Annual Approval 
 On an annual basis, at the time of the appointment of our independent auditor and such other times as determined by the Audit Committee, the Audit Committee will consider and approve the services (including audit, audit-related, tax and all other services) that the Independent Auditor may initiate. The term of any pre-approval is 12 months from the date of the pre-approval or until the next annual Independent Auditor services engagement is pre-approved, whichever is later, unless the Audit Committee specifically provides for a different period. Summary descriptions of the types of services the Audit Committee believes are appropriate for annual approval are provided under the Policy. In addition, in connection with the annual pre-approval of services, the Audit Committee will supplementally review and approve a detailed presentation that sets forth the types of audit, audit-related, tax and other services proposed to be provided by the Independent Auditor, which shall include estimates of the fees for such services (the Services Proposal ). The Audit Committee may periodically revise the list of pre-approved services based on subsequent determinations. 
 196 

Table of Contents 

 Specific Pre-Approval 
 Specific pre-approval is required for the provision of certain audit services as described in the Policy. In addition, if a service proposed to be performed by the Independent Auditor does not fall within an existing pre-approval, either because it is a new type of service or because provision of the service would cause the Independent Auditor to exceed the maximum dollar amount approved for a particular type of service, the proposed service will require specific pre-approval by the Audit Committee. 
 De Minimis Exception 
 In the event that the Independent Auditor is inadvertently engaged other than by the Audit Committee for a non-audit service, such engagement will not be a violation of the Policy if: (i) any and all such services do not aggregate to more than 5 of total revenues paid by the Company to the Independent Auditor in the fiscal year when services are provided; (ii) the services were not recognized as non-audit services at the time of the engagement; (iii) the services are promptly brought to the attention of the Committee and approved prior to the completion of the audit by the Committee or one or more designated representatives; and (iv) separate disclosure of the services retroactively approved under this exception is made in accordance with the proxy disclosure rules. 
 The Audit Committee has considered these fees and the nature of the services rendered, and has concluded that they are compatible with maintaining the independence of Deloitte Touche LLP. The Audit Committee did not approve any of the audit-related, tax, or other non-audit fees described above pursuant to the de minimis exceptions set forth in Rule 2-01(c)(7)(i)(C) and Rule 2-01(c)(7)(ii) of Regulation S-X. Deloitte Touche LLP did not provide any audit-related services, tax services or other non-audit services to the Adviser or any entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with the Adviser that provides ongoing services to the Company that the Audit Committee was required to approve pursuant to Rule 2-01(c)(7)(ii) of Regulation S-X. The Audit Committee considered whether any provision of non-audit services rendered to the Adviser and any entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the Adviser that provides ongoing services to the Company that were not pre-approved by the Audit Committee because the engagement did not relate directly to the operations and financial reporting of the Company is compatible with maintaining Deloitte Touche LLP s independence. 

197 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 The following documents are filed as part of this annual report: 
 (1) Financial Statements Financial statements are included in Item 8. See the Index to the consolidated financial statements on page 116 of this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules None. We have omitted financial statement schedules because they are not required or are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the consolidated statements or notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 (3) Exhibits The following is a list of all exhibits filed as a part of this annual report on Form 10-K, including those incorporated by reference 
 Please note that the agreements included as exhibits to this Form 10-K are included to provide information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about us or the other parties to the agreements. The agreements contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement that have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this report or hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC: 
 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibits 3.1 Fourth Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust, dated as of October 18, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a)(1) to the Company s Registration Statement on Form N-2 filed on October 18, 2021). 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Trust, effective December 10, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 10, 2020). 
 3.3 Amended and Restated Bylaws, dated as of October 18, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (b) to the Company s Registration Statement on Form N-2 filed on October 18, 2021). 
 4.1 Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on October 1, 2018). 
 4.2 Indenture, dated as of July 15, 2020, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 1 7 , 2020). 
 4.2.1 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 15, 2020, relating to the 3.650 Notes due 2023, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 17, 2020). 
 4.2.2 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 23, 2020, relating to the 3.625 Notes due 2026, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 27, 2020). 
 4.2.3 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 16, 2021, relating to the 2.750 Notes due 2026, by and between the Fund and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 18, 2021). 
 4.2.4 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 23, 2021, relating to the 2.125 Notes due 2027, by and between the Fund and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 27, 2021). 
 
 198 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibits 4.2.5 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 30, 2021, relating to the 2.850 Notes due 2028, by and between the Fund and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2021). 
 4.2.6 Form of 3.650 Notes Due 2023 (included as part of Exhibit 4.2) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 17, 2020). 
 4.2.7 Form of 3.625 Notes due 2026 (included as part of Exhibit 4.2) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 27, 2020). 
 4.2.8 Form of 2.750 Notes due 2026 (included as part of Exhibit 4.2) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 18, 2021). 
 4.2.9 Form of 2.125 Notes due 2027 (included as part of Exhibit 4.2) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 27, 2021). 
 4.2.10 Form of 2.850 Notes due 2028 (included as part of Exhibit 4.2) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2021). 
 4.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of April 27, 2021, by and among the Fund and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs Co. LLC and SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc., as the representatives of the Initial Purchasers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 29, 2021). 
 4.4 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July 23, 2021, by and among the Fund and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs Co. LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as the representatives of the Initial Purchasers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 27, 2021). 
 4.5 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2021, by and among the Fund and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities, LLC, RBC Capital Markets, LLC, SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc., and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as the representatives of the Initial Purchasers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2021). 
 4.6 Description of Common Shares of Beneficial Interest (incorporated by refe rence to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2022). 
 10.1 Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement between the Company and the Adviser, dated as of October 18, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (g) to the Company s Registration Statement on Form N-2 filed on October 18, 2021). 
 10.2 Waiver Letter Agreement between the Company and the Adviser, dated October 18, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (k)(23) to the Company s Registration Statement on Form N-2 filed on October 18, 2021). 
 10.3 Administration Agreement between the Company and the Administrator, dated October 1, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on October 1, 2018). 
 10.4 Custodian Agreement between the Company and State Street Bank and Trust Company, dated October 1, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 18, 2019). 
 10.5 Custody Agreement between the Adviser and UMB Bank, n.a., dated September 14, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on October 1, 2018). 
 
 199 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibits 10.6 Agency Agreement between the Company and DST Systems, Inc., dated September 10, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on October 1, 2018). 
 10.7 Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement, dated December 12, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 18, 2018). 
 10.8 Amended and Restated Dividend Reinvestment Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 18, 2018). 
 10.9 Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement among Jackson Hole Funding, the Company, the lenders party thereto, Citibank, N.A., Virtus Group, LP and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, dated December 16, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2022). 
 10.9.1 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement among Jackson Hole Funding, the Company, the lenders party thereto, Citibank, N.A., Virtus Group, LP and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, dated December 16, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2022). 
 10.10 Revolving Credit Facility among Breckenridge Funding, the lenders party thereto, BNP Paribas, the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, dated December 21, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 28, 2018). 
 10.10.1 First Amendment to the Revolving Credit Agreement between Breckenridge Funding, the lenders party thereto, BNP Paribas, the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, dated June 11, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 13, 2019). 
 10.10.2 Second Amendment to the Revolving Credit Agreement between Breckenridge Funding, the lenders party thereto, BNP Paribas, the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, dated August 2, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2020). 
 10.10.3 Third Amendment to the Revolving Credit Agreement between Breckenridge Funding, the lenders party thereto, BNP Paribas, the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, dated September 27, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2019). 
 10.10.4 Fourth Amendment to the Revolving Credit Agreement between Breckenridge Funding, the lenders party thereto, BNP Paribas, the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, dated April 13, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 7, 2020). 
 10.10.5 Fifth Amendment to the Revolving Credit Agreement among Breckenridge Funding, the lenders party thereto, BNP Paribas, the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, dated October 5, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2022) . 
 10.10.6 Sixth Amendment to the Revolving Credit Agreement among Breckenridge Funding, the lenders party thereto, BNP Paribas, the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, dated February 28, 2022. 
 10.10.7 Seventh Amendment to the Revolving Credit Agreement among Breckenridge Funding, the lenders party thereto, BNP Paribas, the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, dated May 19, 2022. 
 
 200 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibits 10.11 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement among Big Sky Funding, the lender parties thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., dated June 29, 2022. 
 10.11.1 Amendment and Restated Agreement, dated as of June 28, 2022, to the Senior Secured Credit Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2020, by and among the Company, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 30, 2022). 
 10.12 Second Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Agreement, dated as of June 28, 2022, by and among the Company, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 30, 2022). 
 14 Code of Ethics. 
 21.1 Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2020) 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 _________________________ 
 Filed herewith. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 201 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 
 Blackstone Secured Lending Fund Date: February 27, 2023 By: /s/ Brad Marshall Brad Marshall Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated on February 27, 2023. Name Title /s/ Brad Marshall Co-Chief Executive Officer and Trustee Brad Marshall /s/ Jonathan Bock Co-Chief Executive Officer Jonathan Bock /s/ Kevin Kresge Interim Chief Financial Officer Kevin Kresge /s/ David Goldberg Interim Chief Accounting Officer and Interim Treasurer David Goldberg /s/ Vikrant Sawhney Trustee Vikrant Sawhney /s/ Robert Bass Trustee Robert Bass /s/ Tracy Collins Trustee Tracy Collins /s/ Vicki Fuller Trustee Vicki Fuller /s/ James F. Clark Trustee James F. Clark /s/ Michelle Greene Trustee Michelle Greene 
 
 202 

<EX-10.11>
 2
 bxsl-20221231xex1011.htm
 EX-10.11

Document 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Dated as of June 29, 2022 
 among 
 BGSL BIG SKY FUNDING LLC , 
 as Borrower, 
 THE LENDER PARTIES HERETO, 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 and 
 The Other Lender Parties Hereto 
 
 BOFA SECURITIES, INC., 
 as 
 Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Book Manager 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Section Page 

Article I. DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 
 1 
 1.01 Defined Terms. 
 1 
 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions. 
 29 
 1.03 Accounting Terms. 
 30 
 1.04 Rounding. 
 30 
 1.05 Event of Default. 
 30 
 1.06 Currency Conversion. 
 30 
 1.07 Times of Day. 
 30 
 1.08 Business Day Convention. 
 30 
 1.09 Interest. 
 30 
 Article II. the COMMITMENTS and Credit Extensions 
 32 
 2.01 Committed Loans. 
 32 
 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans 
 32 
 2.03 Prepayments 
 34 
 2.04 Termination or Reduction of Commitments. 
 36 
 2.05 Repayment of Loans. 
 37 
 2.06 Interest. 
 37 
 2.07 Fees. 
 38 
 2.08 Computation of Interest and Fees. 
 38 
 2.09 Evidence of Debt. 
 39 
 2.10 Payments Generally Administrative Agent s Clawback. 
 39 
 2.11 Sharing of Payments by Lenders. 
 41 
 2.12 Defaulting Lenders. 
 42 
 
 i 

TABLE OF CONTENTS (continued) 
 Section Page 

2.13 Discretionary Sales. 
 43 
 2.14 Permitted Refinancing Transactions. 
 44 
 Article III. TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 
 45 
 3.01 Taxes. 
 45 
 3.02 Illegality. 
 49 
 3.03 Inability to Determine Rates 
 50 
 3.04 Increased Costs. 
 54 
 3.05 Compensation for Losses 
 56 
 3.06 Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders 
 56 
 3.07 Survival. 
 57 
 Article IV. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO Credit Extensions 
 57 
 4.01 Conditions of Initial Credit Extension. 
 57 
 4.02 Conditions to all Credit Extensions. 
 59 
 4.03 Conditions to Effectiveness of First Restatement. 
 60 
 4.04 Conditions to Effectiveness of Second Restatement. 
 62 
 Article V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 62 
 5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power. 
 62 
 5.02 Authorization No Contravention. 
 62 
 5.03 Governmental Authorization Other Consents. 
 63 
 5.04 Binding Effect. 
 63 
 5.05 Financial Statements No Material Adverse Effect. 
 63 
 5.06 Litigation. 
 63 
 5.07 No Default. 
 64 
 
 ii 

TABLE OF CONTENTS (continued) 
 Section Page 

5.08 Liens and Indebtedness. 
 64 
 5.09 Taxes. 
 64 
 5.10 ERISA Matters. 
 64 
 5.11 Equity Interests. 
 64 
 5.12 Margin Regulations Investment Company Act. 
 64 
 5.13 Disclosure. 
 65 
 5.14 Compliance with Laws. 
 65 
 5.15 Taxpayer Identification Number Other Identifying Information. 
 65 
 5.16 OFAC. 
 65 
 5.17 Anti-Corruption Laws. 
 65 
 5.18 Beneficial Ownership Certification. 
 66 
 5.19 Transaction Certifications. 
 66 
 Article VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 67 
 6.01 Financial Statements. 
 67 
 6.02 Certificates Other Information. 
 68 
 6.03 Notices. 
 69 
 6.04 Payment of Obligations. 
 70 
 6.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc. 
 70 
 6.06 Maintenance of Properties. 
 70 
 6.07 Further Assurances. 
 70 
 6.08 Compliance with Laws. 
 71 
 6.09 Books and Records. 
 71 
 6.10 Inspection Rights. 
 71 
 
 iii 

TABLE OF CONTENTS (continued) 
 Section Page 

6.11 Use of Proceeds. 
 71 
 6.12 Approvals and Authorizations. 
 71 
 6.13 Special Purpose Entity Requirements. 
 71 
 6.14 Security Interest. 
 72 
 6.15 ERISA Matters. 
 72 
 6.16 Anti-Corruption Laws. 
 72 
 6.17 Payment Instructions. 
 72 
 Article VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 72 
 7.01 Liens. 
 72 
 7.02 Investments. 
 72 
 7.03 Indebtedness Bank Accounts. 
 72 
 7.04 Fundamental Changes. 
 72 
 7.05 Sale of Collateral Assets. 
 73 
 7.06 Restricted Payments. 
 73 
 7.07 Transactions with Affiliates. 
 73 
 7.08 Burdensome Agreements. 
 74 
 7.09 Use of Proceeds. 
 74 
 7.10 Sanctions. 
 74 
 7.11 Special Purpose Entity Requirements. 
 74 
 7.12 Investment Management Agreement and Sale Agreement Amendment. 
 75 
 7.13 ERISA. 
 75 
 7.14 Reserved . 
 75 
 7.15 Change in Nature of Business. 
 75 
 
 iv 

TABLE OF CONTENTS (continued) 
 Section Page 

7.16 Anti-Corruption Laws. 
 75 
 7.17 Unfunded Exposure Account. 
 75 
 Article VIII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 
 76 
 8.01 Events of Default. 
 76 
 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default. 
 77 
 8.03 Application of Funds. 
 78 
 Article IX. ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 79 
 9.01 Appointment and Authority. 
 79 
 9.02 Rights as a Lender. 
 79 
 9.03 Exculpatory Provisions. 
 79 
 9.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent. 
 80 
 9.05 Delegation of Duties. 
 81 
 9.06 Resignation of Administrative Agent. 
 81 
 9.07 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders. 
 82 
 9.08 No Other Duties, Etc. 
 82 
 9.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim Credit Bidding. 
 82 
 9.10 Collateral Matters. 
 84 
 9.11 ERISA. 
 84 
 9.12 Recovery of Erroneous Payments. 
 85 
 Article X. MISCELLANEOUS 
 86 
 10.01 Amendments, Etc. 
 86 
 10.02 Notices Effectiveness Electronic Communication. 
 87 
 10.03 No Waiver Cumulative Remedies Enforcement. 
 89 
 
 v 

TABLE OF CONTENTS (continued) 
 Section Page 

10.04 Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver. 
 90 
 10.05 Payments Set Aside. 
 92 
 10.06 Successors and Assigns. 
 92 
 10.07 Treatment of Certain Information Confidentiality. 
 97 
 10.08 Right of Setoff. 
 98 
 10.09 Interest Rate Limitation. 
 98 
 10.10 Counterparts Integration Effectiveness. 
 99 
 10.11 Survival of Representations and Warranties. 
 99 
 10.12 Severability. 
 100 
 10.13 Replacement of Lenders. 
 100 
 10.14 Governing Law Jurisdiction Etc. 
 101 
 10.15 Waiver of Jury Trial. 
 102 
 10.16 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. 
 102 
 10.17 Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents 
 103 
 10.18 USA PATRIOT Act. 
 104 
 10.19 Reserved . 
 104 
 10.20 Non-Recourse Obligations No Petition. 
 104 
 10.21 Time of the Essence. 
 105 
 10.22 Judgment Currency. 
 105 
 10.23 Reserved . 
 105 

vi 

SCHEDULES 
 2.01 Commitments and Applicable Percentages 
 5.07 Certain Contractual Obligations 
 5.15 Taxpayer Identification Number Other Identifying Information 
 10.02 Administrative Agent s Office Certain Addresses for Notices 
 EXHIBITS 
 A Form of Committed Loan Notice 
 B Form of Note 
 C-1 Form of Assignment and Assumption 
 C-2 Form of Administrative Questionnaire 
 D-1 Form of Compliance Certificate (Borrower Parent) 
 D-2 Form of Compliance Certificate (Borrower) 
 E Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates 
 F Form of Restricted Payments Certificate 
 G Form of Increase Request 
 H BXC Competitors 
 I Form of Approval Notice 
 ANNEXES 
 A Advance Rates 
 B Eligibility and Portfolio Criteria 
 C Definitions Relating to Collateral Assets 
 D Special Purpose Entity Requirements 

vii 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Agreement is entered into as of June 29, 2022 (the Second Restatement Date ), among BGSL BIG SKY FUNDING LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, (the Company or the Borrower ), each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the Lenders and individually, a Lender and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , as Administrative Agent. 
 The Company has requested that the Lenders provide a revolving credit facility (the Facility ), and the Lenders are willing to do so on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 The Company, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, being the parties to the Credit Agreement dated as of December 10, 2019 (the Original Agreement ), as amended by that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2020, by and among the Company, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (the First Amendment ), and as amended and restated by the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2021, by and among the Company, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (the First Restatement the Original Agreement as amended by the First Amendment and the First Restatement, the Existing Agreement ), have agreed pursuant to Section 10.01 of the Existing Agreement to amend and restate the Existing Agreement as set forth herein. 
 In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows 
 Article I. DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 
 1.01 Defined Terms. 
 As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below 
 Adjustment has the meaning specified in Section 3.03 . 
 Administrative Agent means Bank of America in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent. 
 Administrative Agent Assigned Value has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Administrative Agent s Office means the Administrative Agent s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 10.02 , or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify to the Company and the Lenders. 
 Administrative Expense Cap means an aggregate amount of Administrative Expenses paid by the Borrower not to exceed (1) in the case of amounts paid pursuant to clause (i) of the definition of Administrative Expense, 100,000 in any calendar quarter and (2) in the case of amounts paid pursuant to clause (ii) of the definition of Administrative Expense, 100,000 in any calendar year. 
 Administrative Expenses means amounts due or accrued and payable by the Borrower, in an aggregate amount in each case not to exceed the applicable Administrative Expense Cap, (i) first , to the payment of Taxes and governmental fees owing by the Borrower or, so long as the Borrower is disregarded as an entity separate from Borrower Parent, by Borrower Parent in respect of the Borrower s income or assets, (ii) second , to the Collateral Administrator, any accrued and unpaid fees and expenses (including indemnities) pursuant to the Collateral 
 1 

Administration Agreement and (iii) third , to the Borrower Parent, any accrued and unpaid Management Fees pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement. 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in substantially the form of Exhibit C-2 or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Advance Rate means a percentage applicable to each Collateral Asset as specified in Annex A under the caption Advance Rate . 
 Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. For purposes of this definition, no entity as to which the Investment Adviser provides investment management or advisory services will be deemed an Affiliate of the Investment Adviser solely because the Investment Adviser acts in such capacity. 
 Aggregate Assigned Value has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Aggregate Commitments means the Commitments of all the Lenders. 
 Aggregate Unfunded Amount has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Aggregate Unfunded Equity Amount has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Agreement means this Credit Agreement. 
 Alternative Currency means Euros, Sterling and Canadian Dollars. 
 Alternative Currency Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions associated with SONIA or any proposed Successor Rate for an Alternative Currency, as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions of SONIA , Interest Period , timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definition of Business Day , timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, to reflect the adoption and implementation of such applicable rate(s) and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice for such Alternative Currency (or, if the Administrative Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate for such Alternative Currency exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document). 
 Alternative Currency Daily Rate means, for any day, with respect to any Credit Extension denominated in Sterling, the rate per annum equal to SONIA determined pursuant to the definition thereof plus the SONIA Adjustment provided that, if such rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. Any change in an Alternative Currency Daily Rate shall be effective from and including the date of such change without further notice. 
 Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan means a Committed Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the definition of Alternative Currency Daily Rate. 
 2 

Alternative Currency Loan means an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, as applicable. 
 Alternative Currency Term Rate means, for any Interest Period, with respect to any Credit Extension 
 (a) denominated in Euros, the rate per annum equal to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate EURIBOR ), as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) on the day that is two TARGET Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period or 
 (b) denominated in Canadian dollars, the rate per annum equal to the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate CDOR ), as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) (in such case, the CDOR Rate on the Rate Determination Date with a term equivalent to such Interest Period 
 provided, that, if any Alternative Currency Term Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan means a Committed Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the definition of Alternative Currency Term Rate. 
 Amendment Date means September 30, 2021. 
 Applicable Authority means (i) with respect to SOFR, the SOFR Administrator or any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or the SOFR Administrator and (ii) with respect to any Alternative Currency, the applicable administrator for the Relevant Rate for such Alternative Currency or any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or such administrator. 
 Applicable Percentage means with respect to any Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the Aggregate Commitments represented by such Lender s Commitment at such time, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.10 . If the commitment of each Lender to make Loans has been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 or if the Aggregate Commitments have expired, then the Applicable Percentage of each Lender shall be determined based on the Applicable Percentage of such Lender most recently in effect, giving effect to any subsequent assignments by any Lender. The initial Applicable Percentage of each Lender is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable. 
 Applicable Rate means (i) from the Closing Date to, but excluding, the Second Restatement Date, a per annum rate equal to 1.60 and (ii) on and after the Second Restatement Date, a per annum rate equal to 1.80 . 
 Approval Asset has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Approval Notice has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Approved Dealer has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Approved Fund means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or 
 3 

manages a Lender provided that, in no event shall any BXC Competitor be an Approved Fund. 
 Arranger means Bank of America, an affiliate of BofA Securities, Inc., in its capacity as sole lead arranger and sole book manager. 
 Asset has the meaning specified in the Collateral Administration Agreement. 
 Asset Amount (CAD) means, without conversion to Dollars, on any date of determination, (a)(x) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral Assets denominated in CAD (including any such Collateral Assets to be funded or acquired by the Borrower on such date of determination) and (y) if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the sum of the products, for each Eligible Collateral Asset denominated in CAD, of (A) the Assigned Value of such Eligible Collateral Asset and (B) the Advance Rate of such Eligible Collateral Asset plus (b) the amount of all cash and Cash Equivalents denominated in CAD credited to the Collateral Account on such date. 
 Asset Amount (EUR) means, without conversion to Dollars, on any date of determination, (a)(x) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral Assets denominated in EUR (including any such Collateral Assets to be funded or acquired by the Borrower on such date of determination) and (y) if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the sum of the products, for each Eligible Collateral Asset denominated in EUR, of (A) the Assigned Value of such Eligible Collateral Asset and (B) the Advance Rate of such Eligible Collateral Asset plus (b) the amount of all cash and Cash Equivalents denominated in EUR credited to the Collateral Account on such date. 
 Asset Amount (GBP) means, without conversion to Dollars, on any date of determination, (a)(x) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral Assets denominated in GBP (including any such Collateral Assets to be funded or acquired by the Borrower on such date of determination) and (y) if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the sum of the products, for each Eligible Collateral Asset denominated in GBP, of (A) the Assigned Value of such Eligible Collateral Asset and (B) the Advance Rate of such Eligible Collateral Asset plus (b) the amount of all cash and Cash Equivalents denominated in GBP credited to the Collateral Account on such date. 
 Asset Amount (USD) means, on any date of determination, (a)(x) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral Assets denominated in Dollars (including any such Collateral Assets to be funded or acquired by the Borrower on such date of determination) and (y) if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the sum of the products, for each Eligible Collateral Asset denominated in Dollars, of (A) the Assigned Value of such Eligible Collateral Asset and (B) the Advance Rate of such Eligible Collateral Asset plus (b) the amount of all cash and Cash Equivalents denominated in Dollars credited to the Collateral Account on such date. 
 Assigned Value has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Assigned Value Percentage has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 10.06(b) ), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of 
 4 

Exhibit C-1 or any other form (including electronic documentation generated by use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Audited Financial Statements means, for any fiscal year, the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower Parent for such fiscal year ended December 31, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of Borrower Parent, including the notes thereto. 
 Availability Period means the period (i) beginning on the later of (A) the Closing Date and (B) the date on which all conditions precedent to the initial Credit Extension have been satisfied or waived and (ii) ending on the earlier of (A) any date on which an Event of Default has occurred (provided that the Availability Period may be reinstated by the Administrative Agent upon the cure or waiver of such Event of Default) or (B) the date that is five Business Days prior to the Maturity Date. 
 Bank Loan has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Bank of America means Bank of America, N.A. and its successors. 
 Base Rate means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1 2 of 1 , (b) the Prime Rate in effect for such day, (c) Term SOFR for such date plus 1.00 and (d) 1.00 . If the Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 3.03 hereof, then the Base Rate shall be the greatest of clauses (a), (b) and (d) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. 
 Base Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate. 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 Bond has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Borrower has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 
 Borrower Certification means with respect to any request for a Loan or any release of funds or substitution of assets with respect to the Collateral Account, a certification of the Borrower Parent on behalf of the Borrower (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be deemed to be made in the case of a substitution) stating that after giving effect to such Loan, release of funds or substitution (A) (i) no Borrowing Base Deficiency or Currency Asset Amount Shortfall will exist, and (ii) no Default would occur or be continuing, in each case based on the most recent Borrowing Base determination and (B) in the case of any Loan, the proceeds of such Loan will be used solely for Permitted Uses and, in the case that such proceeds will be used to purchase a Collateral Asset or to fund a commitment on a Revolving Loan or Delayed Drawdown Loan, no Borrowing Base Deficiency or Currency Asset Amount Shortfall would exist after giving effect to such purchase or funding on a pro forma basis. 
 5 

Borrower Materials has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 Borrower Parent means Blackstone Secured Lending Fund, a Delaware statutory trust. 
 Borrowing means a Committed Borrowing. 
 Borrowing Base has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Borrowing Base Deficiency has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, New York or the state where the Administrative Agent s Office is located (which is initially North Carolina) 
 (a) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in Euro, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in respect of any such Alternative Currency Loan, or any other dealings in Euros to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Alternative Currency Loan, means any such day that is also a TARGET Day 
 (b) if such date related to any interest rate settings as to any Alternative Currency Loan denominated in Sterling, means a day other than a day banks are closed for general business in London because such day is a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday under the laws of the United Kingdom and 
 (c) if such day relates to any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in an Eligible Currency other than Euro or Sterling in respect of an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in a currency other than Euro or Sterling, or any other dealings in an Eligible Currency other than Euro or Sterling to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any Alternative Currency Loan (other than any interest rate settings), means any such day on which banks are open for foreign exchange business in the principal financial center of the country of such currency. 
 BXC Competitor means each entity specified in Schedule H . 
 BXC Confidential Information means confidential, proprietary information of the Borrower, Borrower Parent, Investment Adviser, The Blackstone Group Inc. or any Affiliate including, but not limited to, internally-prepared investment committee memoranda. For the avoidance of doubt, BXC Confidential Information shall not include information prepared and provided by underlying obligors of Collateral Assets or other third parties. 
 Canadian Dollar and CAD mean lawful money of Canada. 
 Cash means such funds denominated in any Eligible Currency as at the time shall be legal tender for payment of all public and private debts. 
 Cash Equivalents has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Change in Control means an event or series of events by which (A) the Borrower Parent or its Affiliates, collectively, (i) shall cease to possess, directly or indirectly, the right to elect or appoint (through contract, ownership of voting securities, or otherwise) managers that at all times have a majority of the votes of the board of managers (or similar governing body) of the Borrower or to direct the management policies and decisions of the Borrower or (ii) shall cease, 
 6 

directly or indirectly, to own and control legally and beneficially all of the equity interests of the Borrower or (B) Investment Adviser shall cease to be an Affiliate of The Blackstone Group Inc. 
 Change in Investment Adviser means the Investment Adviser (i) ceases to be responsible for the day-to-day management of the Borrower or Borrower Parent, including, without limitation, ceasing to be substantially involved in directing the investment decisions of the Borrower or the Borrower Parent or (ii) becomes bankrupt or insolvent a bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or similar proceeding involving the Investment Adviser or its property is commenced or preliminary steps are taken towards such end or the Investment Adviser admits its inability to pay its debts as they become due (unless replaced by another Affiliate of The Blackstone Group Inc. and in accordance with the provisions of the Investment Management Agreement). 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 
 Closing Date means December 10, 2019. 
 CME means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Collateral has the meaning specified in the Security Agreement provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any Loan Document, in no event shall Collateral include any Excluded Amounts. 
 Collateral Account has the meaning specified in the Collateral Administration Agreement. 
 Collateral Administration Agreement means the Collateral Administration Agreement between the Administrative Agent, the Company and the Collateral Administrator, dated as of the Closing Date (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time). 
 Collateral Administrator means Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and any successor thereto as collateral administrator under the Collateral Administration Agreement. 
 Collateral Asset has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Collateral Asset Trigger Event has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Collateral Dispute Notice has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 7 

Commitment means, as to each Lender, its obligation to make Committed Loans to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01 , in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the Dollar amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
 Commitment Fee Rate means (a) with respect to the First Unused Amount, 1.60 and (b) with respect to the Second Unused Amount, 0.45 , in each case subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.10 . 
 Committed Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Committed Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans and Term SOFR Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01 . 
 Committed Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.01 . 
 Committed Loan Notice means a notice of (a) a Committed Borrowing, (b) a conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, or (c) a continuation of Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans, pursuant to Section 2.02(a) , which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A . 
 Company has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 
 Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D . 
 Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions associated with SOFR, Term SOFR, SONIA, CDOR, EURIBOR or any proposed Successor Rate for an Eligible Currency or Term SOFR, as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions of Base Rate , SOFR , Term SOFR, SONIA , CDOR , EURIBOR , Interest Period , timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definition of Business Day , U.S. Government Securities Business Day , timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Manager, to reflect the adoption and implementation of such applicable rate(s) and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice for such Eligible Currency (or, if the Administrative Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate for such Eligible Currency exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document). 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise 
 8 

voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Controlled Account means each account that is subject to an account control agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 Credit Extension means a Borrowing. 
 Credit Party has the meaning specified in Section 9.12 . 
 Credit Trigger means any of the following (i) a Regulatory Event with respect to the Borrower Parent or any of its senior investment management personnel actively involved in managing the Collateral, (ii) a Change in Investment Adviser or (iii) any Change in Control of Borrower or Investment Adviser. 
 Currency Asset Amount means (a) with respect to Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars, the Asset Amount (CAD), (b) with respect to Loans denominated in Euros, the Asset Amount (EUR), (c) with respect to Loans denominated in Sterling, the Asset Amount (GBP) and (d) with respect to Loans denominated in Dollars, the Asset Amount (USD). 
 Currency Asset Amount Shortfall means, with respect to any Currency Asset Amount, any time the amount by which the Outstanding Amount of Loans denominated in the applicable Eligible Currency (including any such Loans to be made on such date of determination) on any date of determination exceeds such Currency Asset Amount on such day. 
 Current Market Price has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Current Market Value has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Daily Simple SOFR with respect to any applicable determination date means the SOFR published on such date on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s website (or any successor source) provided that, if such rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect. 
 Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. 
 Default Rate means, with respect to any Credit Extension, 2.00 plus (a) in the case of any Term SOFR Loan, Term SOFR plus the Applicable Rate, (b) in the case of an Alternative Currency Loan, the Relevant Rate plus the Applicable Rate and (c) in the case of any Base Rate Loan, the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. 
 Defaulted Obligation has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 2.10(b) , any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Company in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any 
 9 

applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within two Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Company and the Administrative Agent in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Company, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Company that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Company), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent (in consultation with the Company) that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above, and of the effective date of such status, shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.10(b) as of the date established therefor by the Administrative Agent in a written notice of such determination, which shall be delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Company and each other Lender promptly following such determination. 
 Delayed Drawdown Loan has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Deliver has the meaning specified in the Collateral Administration Agreement. 
 Designated Jurisdiction means a country or territory that is the target of any comprehensive Sanction (which, at the time of this Agreement, includes Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, and Syria). 
 Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including any sale and leaseback transaction) of any property by any Person, including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith. 
 Disqualified Lender has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(b)(v). 
 Distressed Exchange Offer has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Dollar and mean lawful money of the United States. 
 Dollar Equivalent means, at any time, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, such amount, and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in any other currency, the 
 10 

equivalent amount thereof in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent in a commercially reasonable manner at such time on the basis of the Spot Rate. 
 Eligibility Criteria has the meaning specified in Annex B . 
 Eligible Currency means Dollars, Euros, Sterling and Canadian Dollars. 
 Eligible Assignee means any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Section 10.06(b)(iii) and (v) (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 10.06(b)(iii) ). 
 Eligible Collateral Asset has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Eligible Collateral Asset Information has the meaning specified in the Collateral Administration Agreement. 
 Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any date of determination. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Company within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code). 
 Euro and mean the single currency of the Participating Member States. 
 Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01 . 
 Excluded Amounts has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to any Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Company under Section 10.13 or (ii) such Lender changes its Lending Office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.01(a) or (c), amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its Lending Office, (c) Taxes attributable 
 11 

to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 3.01(e) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA. 
 Facility has the meaning specified in the recitals hereto. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any intergovernmental agreements implementing the foregoing (including any legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to such intergovernmental agreements). 
 Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day next succeeding such day provided that (a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, and (b) if no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average rate (rounded upward, if necessary, to a whole multiple of 1 100 of 1 charged to Bank of America on such day on such transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent. 
 Fee Letter means the amended and restated letter agreement, dated as of the Amendment Date, between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 First Lien Bank Loan has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 First Unused Amount means, as of any date of determination, (a) on and after the Closing Date and prior to the six-month anniversary of the Closing Date, zero, (b) on and after the six-month anniversary of the Closing Date and prior to the nine-month anniversary of the Closing Date, the greater of (i) zero and (ii) an amount equal to (A) 20 of the Aggregate Commitments minus (B) Total Outstandings, (c) on and after the nine-month anniversary of the Closing Date and prior to the 12-month anniversary of the Closing Date, the greater of (i) zero and (ii) an amount equal to (A) 40 of the Aggregate Commitments minus (B) Total Outstandings, (d) on and after the 12-month anniversary of the Closing Date and prior to the 15-month anniversary of the Closing Date, the greater of (i) zero and (ii) an amount equal to (A) 60 of the Aggregate Commitments minus (B) Total Outstandings and (e) thereafter, the greater of (i) zero and (ii) an amount equal to (A) 80 of the Aggregate Commitments minus (B) Total Outstandings. 
 Fitch has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Fitch Rating has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Foreign Loan has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 FRB means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. 
 Fund means any Person (other than a natural Person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities. 
 12 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or such other principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied. 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 Guarantee means, as to any Person, without duplication of amounts, (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation payable or performable by another Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness or other obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other obligation is assumed by such Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness to obtain any such Lien). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term Guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 
 ICR Determination Date means the sixth Business Day prior to the end of each ICR Determination Period. 
 ICR Determination Period means in relation to any ICR Determination Date the fixed quarterly periods ending on March 31st, June 30th, September 30th and December 31st of each year, commencing on June 30, 2020. 
 Impacted Loans has the meaning specified in Section 3.03 . 
 Increase Request has the meaning specified in Section 2.01 . 
 Indebtedness means with respect to any Person, (i) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money or for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than current liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business and payable in accordance with customary trade practices) or that is evidenced by a note, bond, debenture or similar instrument or other evidence of indebtedness customary for indebtedness of that type, (ii) all Synthetic Lease Obligations of such Person and obligations of such Person under leases that have been or should be, in accordance with GAAP, recorded as capital leases, (iii) all obligations of such Person in 
 13 

respect of acceptances issued or created for the account of such Person, letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds and similar instruments, (iv) all liabilities secured by any Lien on any property owned by such Person even though such Person has not assumed or otherwise become liable for the payment thereof, (v) all indebtedness, obligations or liabilities of that Person in respect of derivatives (vi) all obligations of such Person to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any payment in respect of any Equity Interest in such Person or any other Person, valued, in the case of a redeemable preferred interest, at the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends and (vii) all obligations under direct or indirect guaranties in respect of obligations (contingent or otherwise) to purchase or otherwise acquire, or to otherwise assure a creditor against loss in respect of, indebtedness or obligations of others of the kind referred to in clauses (i) through (vii), but expressly excluding (A) any obligation of such Person to fund any Collateral Asset constituting a Revolving Loan or a Delayed Drawdown Loan or (B) indebtedness of the Borrower on account of the sale by the Borrower of the first out tranche of any Loan that arises solely as an accounting matter under ASC 860, provided that such indebtedness (i) is nonrecourse to the Borrower, (ii) involves no other liabilities of the Borrower that are not customary for a participation agreement and (iii) would not represent a claim against the Borrower in a bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation proceeding of the Borrower, in each case in excess of the amount sold or purportedly sold. 
 For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to such Person. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Company under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a) , Other Taxes. 
 Indemnitees has the meaning specified in Section 10.04(b) . 
 Information has the meaning specified in Section 10.07 . 
 Initial Purchase Price has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Insolvency Event means, with respect to a specified Person, (a) the filing of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of such Person or any substantial part of its property in an involuntary case under any Debtor Relief Law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official for such Person or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of such Person s affairs, and such decree or order shall remain unstayed and in effect for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days or (b) the commencement by such Person of a voluntary case under any Debtor Relief Law, or the consent by such Person to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law, or the consent by such Person to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official for such Person or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by such Person of any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure by such Person generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of action by such Person in furtherance of any of the foregoing. 
 Interest Coverage Ratio means the ratio of (a) all Interest Proceeds received by the Company with respect to Collateral Assets and with respect to any interest earned with respect to amounts in Controlled Accounts during an ICR Determination Period divided by (b) the sum of all interest paid on the Loans during the ICR Determination Period (excluding such interest already included in a prior ICR Determination Date as interest accrued), all interest accrued and 
 14 

unpaid on Loans prior to the end of the ICR Determination Period and all fees with respect to Commitments that have accrued during such ICR Determination Period. If the Interest Coverage Ratio is determined for any purpose under this Agreement on a prospective rather than retrospective basis, clause (a) shall additionally include Interest Proceeds reasonably expected to be received during the relevant prospective ICR Determination Period. 
 Interest Coverage Test means a test satisfied if, as of any ICR Determination Date, the Interest Coverage Ratio is at least 150 . 
 Interest Payment Date means, (a) as to any Term SOFR Loan or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the Maturity Date and (b) as to any Base Rate Loan or Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date. 
 Interest Period means as to each Term SOFR Loan and Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, the period commencing on the date such Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a Term SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan and ending on the date one month thereafter, provided that 
 (i) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless, such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day 
 (ii) any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period and 
 (iii) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date. 
 Interest Proceeds means amounts received by the Company with respect to the Collateral Assets representing 
 (i) all cash payments of interest in respect of all Collateral Assets (including proceeds of a sale which constitutes accrued or unpaid interest and any amounts received by the Company by way of gross-up in respect of such interest), but excluding any deferred and capitalized interest (in the case of deferred interest only until it is received) 
 (ii) amendment and waiver fees, delayed compensation, late payment fees, commitment fees and all other fees and commissions received in connection with any Collateral Asset and 
 (iii) any other amounts of an income nature. 
 Interest Proceeds Account shall have the meaning specified in the Collateral Administration Agreement. 
 Interest Proceeds Test means a test satisfied if (a) the sum of (i) the aggregate Current Market Value of all Eligible Collateral Assets that are included in the Borrowing Base (as determined if necessary under Selection of Non-Qualifying Assets in Annex B) and (ii) for all Collateral Assets included in the Borrowing Base that are either Delayed Drawdown Loans or Revolving Loans, the aggregate (which may be a negative amount) of (x) the product of the Unfunded Exposure Amount and the Current Market Price (expressed for this purpose as a 
 15 

percentage of its par amount) minus (y) the Unfunded Exposure Amount, with respect to each such Delayed Drawdown Loan or Revolving Loan, exceeds (b) the product of (i) the principal amount of all outstanding Loans minus all Cash and Cash Equivalents credited to the Collateral Account (after giving effect to the contemplated distribution on a pro forma basis and excluding Excluded Amounts) and (ii) 100.0 . 
 Investment Adviser means Blackstone Credit BDC Advisers LLC. 
 Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 Investment Management Agreement means the Investment Management Agreement dated as of the Closing Date between the Borrower Parent and the Borrower. 
 IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 Laws means, collectively, all international, foreign, Federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority, self-regulatory organization, market, exchange, or clearing facility charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, self-regulatory organization, market, exchange, or clearing facility, in each case whether or not having the force of law. 
 Lenders has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 
 Lending Office means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in such Lender s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Company and the Administrative Agent. 
 Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing). 
 Limited Liability Company Agreement means the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Company dated as of December 10, 2019 including any permitted amendments thereto from time to time. 
 Loan means an extension of credit by a Lender to the Borrower under Article II in the form of a Committed Loan. 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement, the Security Agreement, the Collateral Administration Agreement, each Assignment and Assumption, the Investment Management Agreement, the Sale Agreement, each Note and the Fee Letter. 
 Management Fee has the meaning specified in the Investment Management Agreement. 
 Manager means Blackstone Secured Lending Fund, a Delaware statutory trust in its capacity as Manager under the Investment Management Agreement. 
 Markit has the meaning specified in Annex C. 
 16 

Material Adverse Effect means, relative to any occurrence of whatever nature (including any adverse determination in any litigation, arbitration, or governmental investigation or proceeding), a materially adverse effect on (a) the financial condition or operations of the Borrower, (b) the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents, (c) the right or ability of the Borrower to perform any of its obligations under any of the Loan Documents or (d) the rights or remedies of the Lender under any of the Loan Documents or of the Borrower under the Collateral Assets (solely to the extent such Collateral Assets are included in the Borrowing Base). 
 Material Modification has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Maturity Date means the third anniversary of the Amendment Date provided , however , that if such date is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be the next following Business Day. 
 Maximum Commitment Amount means 500,000,000.00. 
 Moody s has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Moody s Rating has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Net Asset Value means an amount equal to the excess of (i) (A) the aggregate of the Assigned Values of the Collateral Assets other than Cash and Cash Equivalents plus (B) the par value of all Cash and Cash Equivalents owned by the Borrower and credited to the Collateral Account or the Unfunded Exposure Account (in each case, other than Excluded Amounts) over (ii) the sum of the Total Outstandings, the Aggregate Unfunded Equity Amount and other liabilities of the Borrower, in each case expressed as a Dollar Equivalent. 
 Net Purchased Loan Balance means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the aggregate initial Principal Balance of all Transferred Assets (as defined in the Sale Agreement) sold and or contributed to the Borrower by the Borrower Parent under the Sale Agreement prior to such date. 
 Non-Consenting Lender means any Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment that (i) requires the approval of a majority of Lenders or all Lenders or all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 10.01 and (ii) has been approved by the Required Lenders. 
 Non-Defaulting Lender means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 
 Non-Qualifying Assets has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Note means a promissory note made by the Borrower in favor of a Lender evidencing Loans made by such Lender to the Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit B . 
 Obligations means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, the Company arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against the Company or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding. 
 17 

OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. 
 Offer has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Organization Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction) (b) with respect to the Borrower or any other limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement (which, in the case of the Borrower, is the Limited Liability Company Agreement) and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity. 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.06 ). 
 Outstanding Amount means, with respect to Committed Loans on any date, the amount of the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of such Committed Loans occurring on such date. 
 Overnight Rate means, for any day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the greater of (i) the Federal Funds Rate and (ii) an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in an Alternative Currency, the rate of interest per annum at which overnight deposits in the applicable Eligible Currency, in an amount approximately equal to the amount with respect to which such rate is being determined, would be offered for such day by a branch or Affiliate of Bank of America in the applicable offshore interbank market for such currency to major banks in such interbank market. 
 Participant has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d) . 
 Participant Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d) . 
 Permitted Liens means any of the following as to which no enforcement, collection, execution, levy or foreclosure proceeding shall have been commenced (a) Liens for state, municipal or other local Taxes if such Taxes shall not at the time be due and payable or if a Person shall currently be contesting the validity thereof in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in accordance with GAAP have been provided on the books of such Person, (b) Liens imposed by Laws, such as materialmen s, warehousemen s, 
 18 

mechanics , carriers , workmen s and repairmen s Liens and other similar Liens, arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of business for sums that are not overdue or are being contested in good faith, (c) Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent or any Lender granted pursuant to or by any Loan Document, (d) a Permitted Collateral Administrator Lien (as defined in the Collateral Administration Agreement), (e) with respect to collateral underlying any Collateral Asset, the Lien in favor of the Borrower herein and Liens permitted under the Collateral Asset Documents related to such Collateral Asset, (f) as to any agented Collateral Asset, Liens in favor of the agent on behalf of all the lenders to the related obligor and (g) Liens of clearing agencies, broker-dealers and similar Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business, provided that such Liens (x) attach only to the securities (or proceeds) being purchased or sold and (y) secure only obligations incurred in connection with such purchase or sale, and not any obligation in connection with financing. 
 Permitted Refinancing Transaction means a release of Collateral Assets and the underlying collateral securing such Collateral Assets with respect thereto from the Lien of this Agreement in connection with a refinancing (which may take the form of a sale) of all or a material portion of this credit facility in connection with any transaction which Borrower has entered into with the consent of the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Permitted Refinancing Transaction Date means the date on which a Permitted Refinancing Transaction occurs. 
 Permitted Uses means (i) the purchase of Collateral Assets or satisfaction of any unfunded commitment in connection with any Revolving Loan or Delayed Drawdown Loan, (ii) the payment of taxes and governmental fees owing by or in respect of the Borrower, including to maintain its corporate existence, (iii) to the payment of any Administrative Expenses and (iv) solely with respect to the initial Credit Extension and in connection with subsequent approved Increase Requests, the payment of any amounts due under the Fee Letter. 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 Plan means any employee pension benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA that is subject to Title IV of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
 Plan Assets means assets of any (i) employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of Part 4 of Subpart B of Title I of ERISA, (ii) plan (as defined in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code) to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, or (iii) non-US, church or governmental plan subject to non-US, federal, state or local laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
 Platform has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 Pricing Source has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Prime Rate means the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its prime rate. The prime rate is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank of America s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such prime rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. 
 19 

Principal Balance has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Principal Proceeds means amounts received by the Company with respect to a Collateral Asset that do not constitute Interest Proceeds. 
 Principal Proceeds Account shall have the meaning specified in the Collateral Administration Agreement. 
 Principal Proceeds Test means a test satisfied if (a) the sum of (i) the aggregate Current Market Value of all Eligible Collateral Assets that are included in the Borrowing Base (as determined if necessary under Selection of Non-Qualifying Assets in Annex B and (ii) for all Collateral Assets included in the Borrowing Base that are either Delayed Drawdown Loans or Revolving Loans, the aggregate (which may be a negative amount) of (x) the product of the Unfunded Exposure Amount and the Current Market Price (expressed for this purpose as a percentage of its par amount) minus (y) the Unfunded Exposure Amount, with respect to each such Delayed Drawdown Loan or Revolving Loan, exceeds (b) the product of (i) the principal amount of all outstanding Loans minus all Cash and Cash Equivalents credited to the Collateral Account (after giving effect to the contemplated distribution on a pro forma basis and excluding Excluded Amounts) and (ii) 115.0 . 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 Public Lender has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 Rate Determination Date means two (2) Business Days prior to (a) the commencement of such Interest Period or (b) if no Loans in the applicable Eligible Currency are outstanding at the commencement of the applicable Interest Period, the first date on which a Loan in such Eligible Currency is made (or such other day as is generally treated as the rate fixing day by market practice in such interbank market, as determined by the Administrative Agent provided that, to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then Rate Determination Date means such other day as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent). 
 Recipient means the Administrative Agent and any Lender, as applicable. 
 Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(c) . 
 Registered means a debt obligation that is issued after July 18, 1984 and that is in registered form within the meaning of Section 881(c)(2)(B)(i) of the Code and the United States Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Regulatory Event means (a) an act by any of the Borrower, Borrower Parent or Manager, or any of their respective senior investment personnel, or senior investment personnel of the Investment Adviser, actively involved in managing the portfolio of the Borrower (together the Relevant Persons ), that constitutes fraud, criminal activity or a material violation of any securities laws in the performance of the obligations of the Borrower, Borrower Parent or Manager under any of the Loan Documents or in the conduct of any of such Relevant Persons asset management business or (b) any of the Relevant Persons being indicted for a criminal offense materially related to such Relevant Persons asset management business provided that in the case of Relevant Persons who are senior investment personnel, a Regulatory Event will be deemed to have been cured if the Borrower Parent terminates or causes the termination of employment with any of Borrower Parent or the Investment Adviser of all such Relevant Persons who engaged in the conduct constituting the event in clause (a) through (b) within ten (10) 
 20 

Business Days of such occurrence and makes the Borrower whole for any actual financial loss that such conduct caused the Borrower. 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means (a) with respect to Loans denominated in Dollars, the FRB and or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, (b) with respect to Loans denominated in GBP, the Bank of England, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of England or, in each case, any successor thereto, (c) with respect to Loans denominated in Euros, the European Central Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto and (d) with respect to Loans denominated in any other Eligible Currency, (i) the central bank for the currency in which such Loan is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either (x) such Successor Rate or (y) the administrator of such Successor Rate or (ii) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (w) the central bank for the currency in which such Successor Rate is denominated, (x) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (A) such Successor Rate or (B) the administrator of such Successor Rate, (y) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (z) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
 Relevant Rate means with respect to any Credit Extension denominated in (a) Dollars, Term SOFR, (b) Sterling, SONIA, (c) Euros, EURIBOR and (d) Canadian Dollars, the CDOR Rate, as applicable. 
 Request for Credit Extension means with respect to a Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Committed Loans, a Committed Loan Notice. 
 Required Lenders means, at any time, (i) the Administrative Agent and (ii) the Lenders having Total Credit Exposures representing more than 50 of the Total Credit Exposures of all Lenders. The Total Credit Exposure of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Lenders at any time. 
 Required Ratings has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Rescindable Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.10(b)(ii) . 
 Responsible Officer means with respect to (i) the Company any director or officer or any other Person who is authorized to act for the Company, solely for purposes of the delivery of incumbency certificates pursuant to Section 4.01 , the secretary or any assistant secretary of the Company and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II , any other officer or employee of the Company or the Manager so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent and (ii) the Collateral Administrator any officer, employee or agent of the Collateral Administrator who is involved in the day to day administration of the duties of the Collateral Administrator under the Collateral Administration Agreement or is authorized to act for the Collateral Administrator in matters relating to, and binding upon, the Collateral Administrator with respect to the subject matter of the request, order or certificate in question. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and or other action on the part of the Company and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of the Company. 
 21 

Restricted Payment means (i) any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any capital stock or other Equity Interest of the Company, or (ii) any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such capital stock or other Equity Interest, or on account of any return of capital to the Company s stockholders, partners or members (or the equivalent Person thereof). For the avoidance of doubt, payments and reimbursements of Excluded Amounts shall not constitute Restricted Payments. 
 Restricted Payments Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F . 
 Revolving Credit Exposure means, as to any Lender at any time, the aggregate Outstanding Amount at such time of its Committed Loans. 
 Revolving Loan has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 S&P has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 S&P Rating has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Sale Agreement means the Sale and Contribution Agreement dated as of the Closing Date, among Borrower and Borrower Parent. 
 Same Day Funds means immediately available funds in the applicable Eligible Currency. 
 Sanction(s) means any sanction administered or enforced by the United States Government (including without limitation, OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty s Treasury HMT or other relevant sanctions authority. 
 Scheduled Unavailability Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.03 . 
 Screen Rate means, on any date of determination with respect to any Loans denominated in a LIBOR Quoted Currency, the rate per annum equal to LIBOR or a comparable or successor rate, which rate is approved by the Administrative Agent, as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) for the applicable LIBOR Quoted Currency at approximately 11 00 a.m.(London time) on the Rate Determination Date with a term equivalent to the applicable Interest Period (or, if no such rate is available for the term equivalent to the Interest Period, LIBOR or the comparable or successor rate will be determined by interpolating linearly between the rate for the next shorter term for which rates are available and the rate for the next longer term for which rates are available (all such interpolated rates will be rounded to five decimal places) provided that (without prejudice to, and unless the provisions of Section 3.03 otherwise apply) if the Administrative Agent determines that the relevant foregoing sources are unavailable for the relevant Interest Period, LIBOR shall mean, if so available, the rate of interest determined by the Administrative Agent to be the average (rounded upward, if necessary, to the nearest 1 100th of 1 of the rates per annum at which deposits in the relevant currency are offered to the Administrative Agent two (2) Business Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period by four leading banks (selected by the Administrative Agent after consultation with the Borrower) in the London or other offshore interbank market for the relevant currency as of 11 00 a.m. for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period, for the number of days comprised therein and in an amount comparable to the aggregate amount of Loans hereunder). 
 22 

SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. 
 Second Restatement has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 
 Second Lien Bank Loan has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Second Unused Amount means, as of any date of determination, (i) on and after the Closing Date and prior to the three-month anniversary of the Closing Date, zero, (ii) on and after the three-month anniversary of the Closing Date and prior to the six-month anniversary of the Closing Date, an amount equal to the Aggregate Commitments minus the Total Outstandings, (iii) on and after the six-month anniversary of the Closing Date and prior to the nine-month anniversary of the Closing Date, an amount equal to the Aggregate Commitments minus the greater of (a) the Total Outstandings and (b) 20 of the Aggregate Commitments, (iv) on and after the nine-month anniversary of the Closing Date and prior to the 12-month anniversary of the Closing Date, an amount equal to the Aggregate Commitments minus the greater of (a) the Total Outstandings and (b) 40 of the Aggregate Commitments, (v) on and after the 12-month anniversary of the Closing Date and prior to the 15-month anniversary of the Closing Date, an amount equal to the Aggregate Commitments minus the greater of (a) the Total Outstandings and (b) 60 of the Aggregate Commitments and (vi) thereafter, an amount equal to the Aggregate Commitments minus the greater of (a) the Total Outstandings and (b) 80 of the Aggregate Commitments. 
 Secured Parties means the Lenders and the Administrative Agent. 
 Security Agreement means the Security Agreement between the Administrative Agent and the Company, dated as of the Closing Date (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time). 
 SOFR means, with respect to any applicable determination date, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published on the fifth U.S. Government Securities Business Day preceding such date by the SOFR Administrator on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s website (or any successor source) provided however that if such determination date is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, then SOFR means such rate that applied on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto. 
 SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of SOFR, or any successor administrator of SOFR designated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or other Person acting as the SOFR Administrator at such time. 
 SOFR Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.03 . 
 SONIA means with respect to any applicable determination date the Sterling Overnight Index Average Reference Rate published on the fifth Business Day preceding such date on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) provided however that if such determination date is not a Business Day, SONIA means such rate that applied on the first Business Day immediately prior thereto. 
 SONIA Adjustment means, with respect to SONIA, 0.11930 per annum. 
 Special Purpose Entity Requirements means the obligations of the Company to comply with the provisions set forth in Annex D . 
 23 

Special Situation Asset has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Specified Default means (i) any event or condition that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) , Section 8.01(e) , Section 8.01(i) or Section 8.01(j) (except a Credit Trigger described in clause (i) of the definition thereof) or (ii) an Event of Default has occurred and the Administrative Agent has given notice of acceleration or exclusive control or has exercised any other remedies under Section 8.02 . 
 Spot Rate for a currency means the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the rate quoted by the Person acting in such capacity as the spot rate for the purchase by such Person of such currency with another currency through its principal foreign exchange trading office at approximately 11 00 a.m. on the date two Business Days prior to the date as of which the foreign exchange computation is made provided that the Administrative Agent may obtain such spot rate from another financial institution designated by the Administrative Agent if the Person acting in such capacity does not have as of the date of determination a spot buying rate for any such currency. 
 Sterling , GBP and mean the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
 Structured Finance Security has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.03 . 
 Synthetic Lease Obligation means the monetary obligation of a Person under (a) a so-called synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention lease, or (b) an agreement for the use or possession of property creating obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the insolvency or bankruptcy of such Person, would be characterized as the Indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment). 
 Tax Distribution means distributions required to allow the Borrower Parent to make sufficient distributions to qualify as a regulated investment company, and to otherwise eliminate federal or state income or excise taxes payable by the Borrower Parent in or with respect to any taxable year of the Borrower Parent (or any calendar year, as relevant) provided that the amount of any such payments made in or with respect to any such taxable year (or calendar year, as relevant) of the Borrower Parent shall not exceed 105 of the amounts that the Borrower would have been required to distribute to the Borrower Parent to (i) allow the Borrower to satisfy the minimum distribution requirements that would be imposed by Section 852(a) of the Code (or any successor thereto) to maintain its eligibility to be taxed as a regulated investment company for any such taxable year, (ii) reduce to zero for any such taxable year the Borrower's liability for federal income taxes imposed on (x) its investment company taxable income pursuant to Section 852(b)(1) of the Code (or any successor thereto), and (y) its net capital gain pursuant to Section 852(b)(3) of the Code (or any successor thereto), and (iii) reduce to zero the Borrower's liability for federal excise taxes for any such calendar year imposed pursuant to Section 4982 of the Code (or any successor thereto), in the case of each of (i), (ii) or (iii), calculated assuming that the Borrower had qualified to be taxed as a regulated investment company under the Code. 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Term SOFR means 
 24 

(d) for any Interest Period with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period provided that if the rate is not published prior to 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto and 
 (e) for any interest calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate with a term of one month on the day that is two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day provided that if the rate is not published prior to 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto provided that if the Term SOFR determined in accordance with either of the foregoing provisions (a) or (b) of this definition would otherwise be less than zero, the Term SOFR shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Term SOFR Loan means a Committed Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of Term SOFR. 
 Term SOFR Replacement Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.03 . 
 Term SOFR Screen Rate means the forward-looking SOFR term rate administered by CME (or any successor administrator satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) and published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion). 
 Term SOFR Scheduled Unavailability Period has the meaning specified in Section 3.03 . 
 Total Credit Exposure means, as to any Lender at any time, the unused Commitments and Revolving Credit Exposure of such Lender at such time. 
 Total Outstandings means the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Loans. 
 Transaction has the meaning specified in Section 5.19 . 
 Type means, with respect to a Committed Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan, Term SOFR Loan, Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan. 
 UCC has the meaning specified in the Security Agreement. 
 Unfunded Exposure Account has the meaning specified in the Collateral Administration Agreement. 
 Unfunded Exposure Amount has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Unfunded Exposure Equity Amount has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 United States and U.S. mean the United States of America. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any Business Day, except any 
 25 

Business Day on which any of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, the New York Stock Exchange or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is not open for business because such day is a legal holiday under the federal laws of the United States or the laws of the State of New York, as applicable. 
 U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(e)(ii)(B)(III) . 
 Weighted Average Unfunded Advance Rate has the meaning specified in Annex C . 
 Withholding Agent means the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions. 
 With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document 
 (a) The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document (including any Organization Document) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements supplements or modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (iii) the words hereto, herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision thereof, (iv) all references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan Document in which such references appear, (v) any reference to any law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing or interpreting such law and any reference to any law or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and (vi) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
 (b) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including the words to and until each mean to but excluding and the word through means to and including . 
 (c) Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 1.03 Accounting Terms. 
 26 

All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the Audited Financial Statements, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. 
 1.04 Rounding. 
 Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Company pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number). 
 1.05 Event of Default. 
 Any Event of Default that has occurred shall be deemed to be continuing unless waived in accordance with the terms hereof, or the Administrative Agent otherwise agrees that such Event of Default shall no longer be continuing. 
 1.06 Currency Conversion. 
 Unless otherwise specifically stated, for purposes of (i) complying with any requirement of this Agreement stated in Dollars and (ii) calculating any ratio or other test set forth in this Agreement, the amount of any Collateral Asset or Loan denominated in an Eligible Currency other than Dollars shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of such amount of such Eligible Currency. 
 1.07 Times of Day. 
 Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or standard, as applicable). 
 1.08 Business Day Convention. 
 Unless otherwise specified, in the event any time period or any date provided in this Agreement ends or falls on a day other than a Business Day, then such time period shall be deemed to end and such date shall be deemed to fall on the next succeeding Business Day, and performance herein may be made on such Business Day, with the same force and effect as if made on such other day. 
 1.09 Interest. 
 The Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to any reference rate referred to herein or with respect to any rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the selection of such rate and any related spread or other adjustment) that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any such rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing), the unavailability or discontinuation of any Term SOFR Rate, Alternative Currency Daily Rate or Alternative Currency Term Rate or the effect of any of the foregoing, or of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions or other activities that affect any reference rate referred to herein, or any alternative, successor or 
 27 

replacement rate (including, without limitation any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or any related spread or other adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any reference rate referred to herein or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing), in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or other actions or omission related to or affecting the selection, determination, or calculation of any rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 Article II. THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 
 1.01 Committed Loans. 
 Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make loans (each such loan, a Committed Loan to the Borrower in each Eligible Currency from time to time, on any Business Day during the Availability Period, in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of such Lender s Commitment provided , however , that after giving effect to any Committed Borrowing, (i) the Total Outstandings (plus the greater of (A) the Aggregate Unfunded Amount minus Cash credited to the Unfunded Exposure Account (excluding Excluded Amounts) and (B) zero) shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments and (ii) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender shall not exceed such Lender s Commitment. Within the limits of each Lender s Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.01 , prepay under Section 2.03 , and reborrow under this Section 2.01 . Committed Loans may be Base Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loans, Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, as further provided herein. So long as no Borrowing Base Deficiency, Currency Asset Amount Shortfall or Default has occurred and is continuing, the Manager, on behalf of the Borrower, may provide a written request substantially in the form of Exhibit G hereto (such request, an Increase Request to the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender requesting an increase in such Lender s Commitment. Such Lender shall have the right, acting in its sole and absolute discretion, to approve or reject any such Increase Request (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the right to approve only a portion of the amount requested in any such Increase Request) provided that (i) no Increase Request shall be approved (in whole or in part) without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and (ii) after giving effect to such Increase Request (in whole or in part) the Aggregate Commitments may not exceed the Maximum Commitment Amount. If an Increase Request is approved (in whole or in part), then the Administrative Agent shall notify the Manager, on behalf of the Borrower, of the increase in the Commitment of the applicable Lender and the effective date thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, in connection with any approved Increase Request, the Borrower shall pay to the Lender the applicable fees in the amounts and at the times specified in the Fee Letter as provided in Section 2.07(c) . 
 1.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans 
 (a) Each Committed Borrowing, each conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans shall be made upon the Borrower s irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent and the Custodian (with a copy to the Collateral Administrator), which may be given in writing, including via email. Each such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 2 00 p.m. (a) one Business Day prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of, conversion 
 28 

to or continuation of any Term SOFR Loans, (b) three Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of any Alternative Currency Loans and (c) on the Business Day of any Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of any Base Rate Loan. Each written notice by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.02(a) must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a written Committed Loan Notice, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Each Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Loans shall be in a principal amount of, in the case of Dollar-denominated Loans 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof (or, in each case, Dollar Equivalent thereof) or, in the amount of the unused portion of the Commitments. Each Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof (or, in each case, Dollar Equivalent thereof) or in the amount of the unused portion of the Commitments. Each Committed Loan Notice shall specify (i) whether the Borrower is requesting a Committed Borrowing, a conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, (ii) the requested date of the Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal amount of Committed Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) the Type of Committed Loans to be borrowed or continued or to which existing Committed Loans are to be converted, (v) the requested Eligible Currency in which such Loan is to be made and (vi) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto. If the Borrower fails to specify a Type of Committed Loan in a Committed Loan Notice or if the Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Committed Loans shall be made as, or converted to, Term SOFR Loans provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Borrower may make such specifications of the Type or Types of Committed Loans in the form of standing instructions. 
 (b) Following receipt of a Committed Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount of its Applicable Percentage of the applicable Committed Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans as described in the preceding subsection. In the case of a Committed Borrowing, each Lender shall make the amount of its Committed Loan available to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds at the Administrative Agent s Office not later than (i) in the case of a Term SOFR Loan or Alternative Currency Loan, 1 00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in the applicable Committed Loan Notice and (ii) in the case of a Base Rate Loan, 5 00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in the applicable Committed Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (and, if such Borrowing is the initial Credit Extension, Section 4.01 ), the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Borrower in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting the account of the Borrower on the books of Bank of America with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Borrower. 
 (c) Except as otherwise provided herein, a Term SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period unless the Borrower pays the amount due, if any, under Section 3.05 in connection therewith. During the existence of a Default, no Loans may be requested as, or converted to Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans or converted to or continued as Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, as applicable, without the consent of the Required Lenders. 
 (d) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Company and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Term SOFR Loans upon determination of such interest rate. At any time that Base Rate Loans are outstanding, the Administrative Agent 
 29 

shall provide prompt written notice to the Company and the Lenders of any change in the Prime Rate used in determining the Base Rate promptly following the public announcement of such change 
 (e) With respect to SOFR, Term SOFR or any Alternative Currency Daily Rate, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes and Alternative Currency Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes and Alternative Currency Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes and Alternative Currency Conforming Changes to the Borrower and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 
 (f) After giving effect to all Committed Borrowings, all conversions of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Committed Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than ten Interest Periods in effect with respect to Committed Loans. 
 1.03 Prepayments 
 (a) The Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Committed Loans, in whole or in part without premium or penalty provided that (i) such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11 00 a.m. (A) two Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Loans and (B) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Loans (ii) any prepayment of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Loans shall be in a principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof (or, in each case, Dollar Equivalent thereof) and (iii) any prepayment of Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof (or, in each case, Dollar Equivalent thereof) or, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall be irrevocable (subject to the final sentence of this Section 2.03(a)) and specify the date and amount of such prepayment and the Type(s) of Committed Loans to be prepaid and, if Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans are to be prepaid, the Interest Period(s) of such Loans. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Subject to Section 2.12 , each such prepayment shall be applied to the Committed Loans of the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Borrower may rescind any such notice not later than 1 00 p.m. on the Business Day before such prepayment was scheduled to take place if such prepayment would have resulted from a refinancing of the Loans, which refinancing will not be consummated or will otherwise be delayed. 
 (b) If the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower at any time that 
 (i) a Borrowing Base Deficiency exists at such time, then the Borrower shall (i) give notice to the Administrative Agent and Lenders of its intent to cure any Borrowing Base Deficiency by 3 00 p.m. on the Business Day following the date on which the Administrative Agent sent notice to the Borrower that a Borrowing Base Deficiency arose (unless Borrower has actually cured such Borrowing Base Deficiency by such time), (ii) if the Borrower intends to cure such Borrowing Base Deficiency with a cash capital contribution from Borrower Parent, provide evidence to the Administrative Agent, which is reasonably satisfactory to the 
 30 

Administrative Agent, that the Borrower Parent shall have taken necessary steps to contribute such cash capital to the Borrower in order to cure such Borrowing Base Deficiency by 3 00 p.m. on the Business Day following the date on which the Administrative Agent sent notice to the Borrower that a Borrowing Base Deficiency arose (unless Borrower has actually cured such Borrowing Base Deficiency by such time) and (iii) cure any Borrowing Base Deficiency (I) if being cured by a cash capital contribution from Borrower Parent, by 3 00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day following the date on which the Administrative Agent sent notice to the Borrower that a Borrowing Base Deficiency arose by repaying outstanding Loans or transferring Cash to the Collateral Account or the Unfunded Exposure Account, as applicable, so that the Borrowing Base Deficiency will thereupon be cured or (II) if not being cured by a cash capital contribution, by 3 00 p.m. on the third Business Day following the date on which a Borrowing Base Deficiency arose by either (A) repaying outstanding Loans or transferring additional Eligible Collateral Assets, Cash or Cash Equivalents to the Collateral Account or the Unfunded Exposure Account, as applicable, so that the Borrowing Base Deficiency will thereupon be cured or (B) delivering to the Administrative Agent a written report showing a projected cure of any Borrowing Base Deficiency based on actions described in clause (A), if any, and pending purchases and sales of Collateral Assets (calculated on a trade-date basis), which report shall (1) be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (2) give effect to all committed purchases of Collateral Assets and other financial assets by the Borrower and account in a manner satisfactory to the Administrative Agent for any change in the market value of any such Collateral Asset and (3) give effect to sales of Collateral Assets only if such sales are to Approved Dealers and Borrower reasonably expects such sales to be settled within 30 days of the Borrower s commitment to such sale provided , however, Borrower shall not have the right to cure any such Borrowing Base Deficiency where Borrower or Manager has knowingly and willfully caused such Borrowing Base Deficiency to occur or 
 (ii) a Currency Asset Amount Shortfall exists, the Borrower shall convert Loans in such Eligible Currency to Dollars (or, if after giving effect to such conversion no Borrowing Base Deficiency would exist and the Loans in any other Eligible Currency would not exceed the applicable Currency Asset Amount, such other Eligible Currency as directed by the Manager) in an amount necessary to cause the Outstanding Amount of the Loans in such Eligible Currency to be less than or equal to the applicable Currency Asset Amount by notice to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Collateral Administrator by 3 00 p.m. on the Business Day following the delivery of notice via electronic mail or facsimile to the Borrower of such excess (unless Borrower has actually eliminated such excess by such time), which conversion shall be deemed to be a repayment of the Loans in such Eligible Currency and a Loan in Dollars (or such other Eligible Currency) notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein (including, without limitation, the Borrower s failure to satisfy any of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.02 provided that, (x) if Loans cannot be converted in accordance with this Section 2.03(b)(ii) such that no Currency Asset Amount Shortfall exists after giving effect thereto, Loans shall be converted such that a Currency Asset Amount Shortfall exists only with respect to Loans denominated in Dollars and (y) if the Borrower fails to provide such notice prior to the deadline specified herein, the Administrative Agent may convert Loans in such Eligible Currency in accordance with this Section 2.03(b)(ii) or 
 (iii) a breach of the Interest Coverage Test exists at such time, then the Borrower shall (i) give notice to the Administrative Agent and Lenders of its intent to cure any such breach by 3 00 p.m. on the Business Day following the date on which the Administrative Agent sent notice to the Borrower that such breach arose (unless Borrower has actually cured such breach by such time), (ii) if the Borrower intends to cure such breach by means of a cash capital contribution from Borrower Parent, provide evidence to the Administrative Agent, which is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, that the Borrower Parent intends to make such contribution in order to cure such breach by 3 00 p.m. on the Business Day following the date on which the Administrative Agent sent notice to the Borrower that a breach of the Interest 
 31 

Coverage Test has occurred (unless Borrower has actually cured such breach by such time), (iii) if the Borrower intends to cure such breach by designating Principal Proceeds as Interest Proceeds, provide evidence to the Administrative Agent that the Principal Proceeds Test is satisfied and will be satisfied on a pro forma basis by 3 00 p.m. on the Business Day following the date on which the Administrative Agent sent notice to the Borrower regarding such breach and (iv) in each case, cure any such breach by 3 00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day following the date on which the Administrative Agent sent notice to the Borrower that such breach arose by transferring Cash to the Collateral Account which shall immediately be applied to pay interest on the Loans and or fees payable to the Lenders or Administrative Agent that otherwise could not be paid with Cash available in the Collection Account prior to such transfer, to cure such breach (it being understood that, for purposes of this Section, such Cash shall be deemed to be Interest Proceeds for purposes of determining the Interest Coverage Ratio). 
 (c) Any prepayment of any Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued and unpaid interest, amounts owing under Section 2.06 in respect of the amount prepaid and in the case of any Term SOFR Loan or Alternative Currency Loan any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 . 
 1.04 Termination or Reduction of Commitments. 
 The Company may, at its discretion on any date, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate the Aggregate Commitments, or from time to time permanently reduce the Aggregate Commitments provided that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11 00 a.m. five Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of at least 500,000 (or the Dollar Equivalent thereof) or, if less, the entire Aggregate Commitments and (iii) the Company shall not terminate or reduce the Aggregate Commitments if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Total Outstandings (plus the greater of (A) the Aggregate Unfunded Amount minus Cash credited to the Unfunded Exposure Account (excluding Excluded Amounts) and (B) zero) would exceed the Aggregate Commitments. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any such notice of termination or reduction of the Aggregate Commitments. Any reduction of the Aggregate Commitments shall be applied to the Commitment of each Lender according to its Applicable Percentage. All fees accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Aggregate Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such termination. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Borrower may rescind any such notice not later than 1 00 p.m. on the Business Day before such termination was scheduled to take place if such termination would have resulted from a refinancing of the Commitments, which refinancing will not be consummated or will otherwise be delayed. 
 1.05 Repayment of Loans. 
 The Borrower shall repay to the Lenders on the Maturity Date the aggregate principal amount of Committed Loans made to the Borrower outstanding on such date and shall repay Loans as provided in Section 2.02 . 
 1.06 Interest. 
 (a) Subject to the provisions of subsection (b) below, (i) each Term SOFR Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof on each day from the applicable Borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to Term SOFR for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate, (ii) each Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof on each day from the applicable Borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Alternative Currency Term Rate for such Interest Period plus the 
 32 

Applicable Rate, (iii) each Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof on each day from the applicable Borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Alternative Currency Daily Rate plus the Applicable Rate and (iv) each Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the Outstanding Amount thereof on each day from the applicable Borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (b) (i) If any amount of principal of any Loan is not paid when due (without giving effect to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
 (i) If any amount (other than principal of any Loan) payable by the Borrower under any Loan Document is not paid when due (without giving effect to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, then upon the written request of the Required Lenders, such overdue amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws and shall continue to bear interest at such rate until but excluding the date on which such Event of Default is cured or waived. 
 (ii) Upon the written request of the Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists (other than as set forth in clauses (b)(i) and (b)(ii) above), the Borrower shall pay interest on the principal amount of all outstanding Obligations hereunder at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
 (iii) Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon written demand. 
 (c) Interest on each Loan shall accrue on a daily basis and shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. 
 
 1.07 Fees. 
 (a) Commitment Fee . Subject to Section 2.10(a)(iii) , the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Applicable Percentage, a commitment fee in Dollars equal to (i) the sum of (A)(1) the actual daily First Unused Amount times (2) the applicable Commitment Fee Rate and (B)(1) the actual daily Second Unused Amount times (2) the applicable Commitment Fee Rate, divided by (ii) 360. The commitment fee shall accrue from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the last day of the Availability Period, including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV is not met, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the three-month anniversary of the Closing Date, and on the last day of the Availability Period. The commitment fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears and if there is any change in the Commitment Fee Rate during any quarter, the actual daily amount shall be computed and multiplied by the Commitment Fee Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Commitment Fee Rate was in effect. 
 33 

(b) Make-whole Fee . Subject to Section 2.10(a)(iii) , if the Aggregate Commitments are terminated in whole or in part pursuant to Section 2.02 prior to the Maturity Date, then Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Applicable Percentage a fee equal to the present value in Dollars of all future amounts that would have been payable in respect of the Aggregate Commitments (or terminated portion thereof) during the period from the termination date through the first anniversary of the Amendment Date assuming that the Outstanding Amount is equal to the Aggregate Commitments (or terminated portion thereof), the Applicable Rate is equal to 1.00 and Term SOFR is zero provided that no Make-Whole Fee shall be due and payable in the event of a termination in connection with the occurrence of any of the following (A) a Permitted Refinancing Transaction or (B) the Administrative Agent or any Lender has sought reimbursement or indemnity under Section 3.01 , Section 3.04 , Section 3.05 , and Section 10.04(b) . 
 (c) Other Fees . 
 (i) The Borrower shall pay to the Arranger and the Administrative Agent for their own respective accounts, in Dollars, fees in the amounts and at the times specified in the Fee Letter. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 
 (ii) The Borrower shall pay to the Lenders, in Dollars, such fees as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing in the amounts and at the times so specified. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 
 1.08 Computation of Interest and Fees. 
 All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans (including Base Rate Loans determined by reference to Term SOFR) and for Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed or, in the case of interest in respect of Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies as to which market practice differs from the foregoing, in accordance with such market practice. All other computations of fees and interest, including those with respect to Term SOFR Loans, shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid, provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.10(a) , bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
 1.09 Evidence of Debt. 
 The Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender and by the Administrative Agent in the ordinary course of business in accordance with its usual practice. The accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders to the Borrower and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. Upon the written request of any Lender to the Borrower made through the Administrative Agent, 
 34 

the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Note, which shall evidence such Lender s Loans to the Borrower in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender may attach schedules to a Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount, currency and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. 
 1.10 Payments Generally Administrative Agent s Clawback. 
 (a) General . All payments to be made by the Borrower to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall be made free and clear of and without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff (except as provided in Section 3.01 ). The Borrower shall have the right to use amounts standing to the credit of the Collateral Account to make any such required payments. All payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the applicable Administrative Agent s Office in the applicable Eligible Currency and in Same Day Funds not later than 2 00 p.m. on the date specified herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may require that any payments due under this Agreement be made in the United States. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender s Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 2 00 p.m. shall in each case be deemed received on the next following Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by the Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be provided that this sentence shall not apply to payments made on the Maturity Date without giving effect to the proviso in the definition of such term. 
 (b) Funding by Lenders Presumption by Administrative Agent . (i) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Committed Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Loans (or, in the case of any Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, prior to 12 00 noon on the date of such Committed Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Committed Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.02 (or, in the case of a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in accordance with and at the time required by Section 2.02 and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender (that is not Bank of America or an Affiliate thereof) has not in fact made its share of the applicable Committed Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on written demand such corresponding amount in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the Overnight Rate, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing, and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans. If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Committed Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Committed Loan included in such Committed Borrowing. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. 
 35 

(i) Payments by Borrower Presumptions by Administrative Agent . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders the amount due. 
 With respect to any payment that the Administrative Agent makes for the account of the Lenders hereunder as to which the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following applies (such payment referred to as the Rescindable Amount (1) the Borrower has not in fact made such payment (2) the Administrative Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by the Borrower (whether or not then owed) or (3) the Administrative Agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such payment then each of the Lenders severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount so distributed to such Lender, in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this subsection (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (c) Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent . If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender to the Borrower as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II , and such funds are not made available to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. 
 (d) Obligations of Lenders Several . The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Committed Loans and to make payments pursuant to Section 10.04(c) are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Committed Loan, to fund any such participation or to make any payment under Section 10.04(c) on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Committed Loan, to purchase its participation or to make its payment under Section 10.04(c) . 
 (e) Funding Source . Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner. 
 1.11 Sharing of Payments by Lenders. 
 If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of the Committed Loans made by it resulting in such Lender s receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of such Committed Loans or participations and accrued interest thereon greater than its pro rata share thereof as provided herein, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Committed Loans, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all 
 36 

such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Committed Loans and other amounts owing them, provided that 
 (i) if any such participations or subparticipations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations or subparticipations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest and 
 (ii) the provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by or on behalf of Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender) or (y) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Committed Loans to any assignee or participant, other than an assignment to the Company (as to which the provisions of this Section shall apply). 
 The Company consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Company s rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Company in the amount of such participation. 
 1.12 Defaulting Lenders. 
 (a) Adjustments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law 
 (i) Waivers and Amendments . Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Required Lenders and Section 10.01 . 
 (ii) Defaulting Lender Waterfall . Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 10.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows first , to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder second , as the Company may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists and is continuing), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent third , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Company, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement fourth , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement fifth , so long as no Default or Event of Default exists or is continuing, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Company as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Company against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement and sixth , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction provided that if such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of such Defaulting 
 37 

Lender until such time as all Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments hereunder. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
 (iii) Certain Fees . No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any fee payable under Section 2.07(a) or 2.05(b) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender and the Company shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to such Defaulting Lender. 
 (b) Defaulting Lender Cure . If the Company and the Administrative Agent agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto in writing, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein, that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Committed Loans to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their Applicable Percentages, whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Company while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender and provided , further , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 1.13 Discretionary Sales. 
 The Borrower shall have the right to sell all or a portion (including, for the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to participation agreements or other agreements to effectuate assignments following an initial transfer of a participation interest or other portion of a Collateral Asset) of the Collateral Assets (each, a Discretionary Sale ), subject to the following terms and conditions 
 (a) Immediately after giving effect to such Discretionary Sale 
 (i) no Borrowing Base Deficiency or Currency Asset Amount Shortfall exists or would occur as a result of such Discretionary Sale provided that the Company may sell Collateral Assets as necessary to facilitate a cure of a Borrowing Base Deficiency (and any Default arising therefrom) in accordance with Section 2.03(b) 
 (ii) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing 
 (iii) The Company will not have sold Collateral Assets in Discretionary Sales (other than any such sales pursuant to the proviso in Section 5.19(b) with an aggregate Principal Balance in excess of 20 (or 10 in the case of any Discretionary Sale of any Defaulted Obligation to the Borrower Parent or any Affiliate thereof) of the Net Purchased Loan Balance without the prior consent of the Administrative Agent 
 (iv) unless the Discretionary Sale is necessary to cure a Borrowing Base Deficiency in accordance with Section 2.03(b), the sale price of each Collateral Asset subject to such Discretionary Sale shall not be less than the Assigned Value Percentage of such Collateral Asset without the prior consent of the Administrative Agent 
 38 

(v) on or prior to the date of any Discretionary Sale, the Manager, on behalf of the Company, shall give the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Collateral Administrator) written notice of such Discretionary Sale 
 (vi) such Discretionary Sale shall reflect arm s length market terms and be in a transaction in which the Borrower makes no representations, warranties or covenants and provides no indemnification for the benefit of any other party (other than those which are customarily made or provided in connection with the sale of assets of such type) and 
 (vii) on the date of such Discretionary Sale, all proceeds from such Discretionary Sale (x) will be deposited directly into the Collection Account and (y) with respect to any sold Collateral Asset, will be in the same Eligible Currency as such Collateral Asset. 
 (b) In connection with any Discretionary Sale, following deposit of all proceeds from such Discretionary Sale into the Collection Account, the Administrative Agent shall be deemed to release and transfer to the Company all of the right, title and interest of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties in, to and under such Collateral Asset(s) and related Collateral subject to such Discretionary Sale and such portion of the Collateral so transferred shall be released from the Lien of the Security Agreement. 
 1.14 Permitted Refinancing Transactions. 
 (a) On any Business Day, the Borrower shall have the right to prepay all or a portion of the Loans then outstanding and require the Administrative Agent to release its security interest and Lien on the related Collateral Assets and underlying assets securing such Collateral Assets in connection with a Permitted Refinancing Transaction, subject to the following terms and conditions 
 (i) the Borrower shall have given the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Collateral Administrator) at least three Business Days prior written notice of its intent to effect a Permitted Refinancing Transaction and shall provide the Administrative Agent with all information reasonably required by it to release the related Lien 
 (ii) the Manager shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an updated Borrowing Base Certificate, together with evidence to the reasonable satisfaction of the Administrative Agent that the Borrower shall have sufficient funds on the related Permitted Refinancing Transaction Date to effect such Permitted Refinancing Transaction in accordance with this Agreement, which funds may come from the proceeds of sales of the Collateral Assets and related Collateral in connection with such Permitted Refinancing Transaction 
 (iii) on the related Permitted Refinancing Transaction Date, the Borrower shall provide a certificate to the Administrative Agent representing that, on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such Permitted Refinancing Transaction, (x) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (y) no Borrowing Base Deficiency exists and 
 (iv) on the date of such Permitted Refinancing Transaction, all proceeds payable to the Borrower from such Permitted Refinancing Transaction (net of reasonable expenses incurred in connection with such Permitted Refinancing Transaction) will be deposited directly into the Collateral Account. 
 (b) In connection with any Permitted Refinancing Transaction, following deposit of the net proceeds from such Permitted Refinancing Transaction into the Collateral Account, the Administrative Agent shall be deemed to release and transfer to the Borrower without recourse, representation or warranty all of the right, title and interest of the Administrative Agent for the 
 39 

benefit of the Secured Parties in, to and under such Collateral Asset(s) and underlying asset(s) securing such Collateral Asset(s) subject to such Permitted Refinancing Transaction and such portion of the Collateral subject to such Permitted Refinancing Transaction shall be released from the Lien of the Security Agreement. 
 (c) The Borrower hereby agrees to pay the reasonable and documented outside counsel legal fees, charges and disbursements and out of pocket expenses of counsel for each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Administrator in connection with any Permitted Refinancing Transaction (including, but not limited to, reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the release of the Lien of the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, in the Collateral in connection with such Permitted Refinancing Transaction). 
 (d) In connection with any Permitted Refinancing Transaction, the Administrative Agent shall, at the sole expense of the Borrower, execute such instruments of release with respect to the portion of the Collateral subject to such Permitted Refinancing Transaction to the Borrower, in recordable form if necessary, as the Borrower may reasonably request. 
 Article III. TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 
 1.01 Taxes. 
 (a) Payments Free of Taxes Obligation to Withhold Payments on Account of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Company under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Laws. If any applicable Laws (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) require the deduction or withholding of any Taxes from any payment under any Loan Document, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law and if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Company shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01 the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction of Indemnified Taxes been made. 
 (b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Company . The Company shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 
 (c) Tax Indemnifications . 
 (i) The Company shall indemnify each Recipient, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after written demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.01 payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Company by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 40 

(ii) Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after written demand therefor, for (x) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Company has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Company to do so), (y) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.06(d) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (z) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or the Company in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this clause (ii) . 
 (d) Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Company or by the Administrative Agent to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 3.01 , the Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (e) Status of Lenders Tax Documentation . Any Recipient that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Recipient, if reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Company or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Recipient is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 3.01(e)(ii)(A) , (B) or (D) shall not be required if in the Recipient s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Recipient to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Recipient. 
 (i) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
 (A) any Recipient that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Recipient becomes a party to this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Recipient is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding Tax 
 (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable 
 41 

(I) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN (which for all purposes of this Agreement shall include an IRS Form W-8BEN-E where applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty 
 (II) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI 
 (III) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10-percent shareholder of the Borrower Parent within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E or 
 (IV) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-2 or Exhibit E-3, IRS Form W-9, and or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner 
 (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Company or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made and 
 (D) if a payment made to a Recipient under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Recipient were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Recipient shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably 
 42 

requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Company and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Recipient has complied with such Recipient s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D) , FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 (ii) Each Recipient agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this Section 3.01 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Company and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (iii) Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the Closing Date an executed copy of IRS Form W-9 of Borrower and so long as Borrower is an entity that is treated as disregarded from Borrower Parent, Borrower Parent. If such form becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, Borrower shall update such form or promptly notify the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (f) Treatment of Certain Refunds . Unless required by applicable Laws, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender, as the case may be. If any Recipient determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Company or with respect to which the Company has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01 , it shall pay to the Company an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Company under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) incurred by such Recipient, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided that the Company, upon the request of the Recipient, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Company (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Recipient in the event the Recipient is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection, in no event will the applicable Recipient be required to pay any amount to the Company pursuant to this subsection the payment of which would place the Recipient in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Recipient would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to the Company or any other Person. 
 (g) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. 
 1.02 Illegality. 
 If any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to a Relevant Rate or 
 43 

any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to engage in reverse repurchase of U.S. Treasury securities transactions of the type included in the determination of SOFR, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon a Relevant Rate or to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, any Alternative Currency in the applicable interbank market, then, upon notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower (through the Administrative Agent), (a) any obligation of such Lender to make or maintain Alternative Currency Loans in the affected currency or currencies or, in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars, to make or maintain Term SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to Term SOFR Loans shall be, in each case, suspended, and (b) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay all Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Loans, as applicable, in the affected currency or currencies or, if applicable and such Loans are denominated in Dollars, convert all Term SOFR Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if the Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Loan to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Loan and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon SOFR, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Term SOFR component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon SOFR. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 . 
 1.03 Inability to Determine Rates 
 (a) If in connection with any request for a Term SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Loan or a conversion of Base Rate Loans to Term SOFR Loans or a continuation of any of such Loans, as applicable, (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (A) as applicable (x) no Successor Rate for the Relevant Rate for the applicable Eligible Currency has been determined in accordance with Section 3.03(b) and the circumstances under Section 3.03(b)(i) or the Scheduled Unavailability Date has occurred with respect to such Relevant Rate (as applicable) or (y) no SOFR Successor Rate has been determined in accordance with Section 3.03(c), and the circumstances under Section 3.03(c) or the Term SOFR Scheduled Unavailability Date has occurred, or (B) adequate and reasonable means do not otherwise exist for determining the Relevant Rate for the applicable Eligible Currency for any determination date(s) or Interest Period, as applicable, with respect to a proposed Term SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan, or (ii) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders determine that for any reason that the Relevant Rate with respect to a proposed Loan denominated in an Eligible Currency for any requested Interest Period or determination date(s) does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Loans in the affected currencies, as applicable, or to convert Base Rate Loans to Term SOFR Loans, shall be suspended in each case to the extent of the affected Term SOFR Loans, Alternative Currency Loans or Interest Period or determination date(s), as applicable, and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Term 
 44 

SOFR component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Term SOFR component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent (or, in the case of a determination by the Required Lenders described in clause (ii) of this Section 3.03(a) , until the Administrative Agent upon instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, or conversion to Term SOFR Loans, or Borrowing of, or continuation of Alternative Currency Loans to the extent of the affected Term SOFR Loans, Alternative Currency Loans or Interest Period or determination date(s), as applicable or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans denominated in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the amount specified therein and (ii)(A) any outstanding Term SOFR Loans shall be deemed to have been converted to Base Rate Loans immediately and (B) any outstanding affected Alternative Currency Loans, at the Borrower s election, shall either (1) be converted into a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans denominated in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such outstanding Alternative Currency Loan immediately, in the case of an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan or at the end of the applicable Interest Period, in the case of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan or (2) be prepaid in full immediately, in the case of an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, or at the end of the applicable Interest Period, in the case of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan provided that if no election is made by the Borrower (x) in the case of an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, by the date that is three Business Days after receipt by the Borrower of such notice or (y) in the case of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, by the last day of the current Interest Period for the applicable Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, the Borrower shall be deemed to have elected clause (1) above. 
 (b) Replacement of Relevant Rate or Successor Rate for Alternative Currency Loans . With respect to Alternative Currency Loans, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Borrower or Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Borrower) that the Borrower or Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined, that 
 (i) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Relevant Rate for such Eligible Currency because none of the tenors of such Relevant Rate (including any forward-looking term rate thereof) is available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary or 
 (ii) the Applicable Authority has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which all tenors of the Relevant Rate for such Eligible Currency (including any forward-looking term rate thereof) shall or will no longer be representative or made available, or used for determining the interest rate of loans denominated in such Eligible Currency, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, in each case, at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that will continue to provide such representative tenor(s) of the Relevant Rate for such Eligible Currency (the latest date on which all tenors of the Relevant Rate for such Eligible Currency (including any forward-looking term rate thereof) are no longer representative or available permanently or indefinitely, the Scheduled Unavailability Date or 
 (iii) syndicated loans currently being executed and agented in the U.S., are being executed or amended (as applicable) to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace the Relevant Rate for such Eligible Currency or if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 3.03(b)(i) , (ii) or (iii) have occurred with respect to the Successor Rate then in effect, then, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing the Relevant 
 45 

Rate for such Eligible Currency or any then current Successor Rate for such Eligible Currency in accordance with this Section 3.03 with an alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the U.S. and denominated in such Eligible Currency for such alternative benchmarks, and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the U.S. and denominated in such Eligible Currency for such benchmarks, which adjustment or method for calculating such adjustment shall be published on an information service as selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion and may be periodically updated (and any such proposed rate, including for the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment thereto, a Successor Rate ), and any such amendment shall become effective at 5 00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrower unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to such amendment. 
 The Administrative Agent will promptly (in one or more notices) notify the Borrower and each Lender of the implementation of any Successor Rate. 
 Any Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. 
 Notwithstanding anything else herein, if at any time any Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less than zero, the Successor Rate will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 In connection with the implementation of a Successor Rate, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrower and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 
 (c) Replacement of Term SOFR or SOFR Successor Rate . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Borrower or Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Borrower) that the Borrower or Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined, that 
 (i) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining one month interest periods of Term SOFR, including, without limitation, because the Term SOFR Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary or 
 (ii) CME or any successor administrator of the Term SOFR Screen Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or such administrator with respect to its publication of Term SOFR, in each case acting in such capacity, has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which one month 
 46 

interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate shall or will no longer be made available, or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of U.S. dollar denominated syndicated loans, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, that will continue to provide such interest periods of Term SOFR after such specific date (the latest date on which one month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate are no longer available permanently or indefinitely, the Term SOFR Scheduled Unavailability Date then, on a date and time determined by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Manager (any such date, the Term SOFR Replacement Date ), which date shall be at the end of an Interest Period or on the relevant interest payment date, as applicable, for interest calculated and, solely with respect to clause (ii) above, no later than the Term SOFR Scheduled Unavailability Date, Term SOFR will be replaced hereunder and under any Loan Document with Daily Simple SOFR for any payment period for interest calculated that can be determined by the Administrative Agent, in each case, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document (the SOFR Successor Rate) . 
 If the SOFR Successor Rate is Daily Simple SOFR, all interest payments will be payable on a monthly basis. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) if the Administrative Agent determines that Daily Simple SOFR is not available on or prior to the Term SOFR Replacement Date, or (ii) if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 3.03(c)(i) or (ii) have occurred with respect to the SOFR Successor Rate then in effect, then in each case, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in consultation with the Manager may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing Term SOFR or any then current SOFR Successor Rate in accordance with this Section 3.03 at the end of any Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period for interest calculated, as applicable, with an alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S. dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States for such alternative benchmark. and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S. dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States for such benchmark, which adjustment or method for calculating such adjustment shall be published on an information service as selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion and may be periodically updated. For the avoidance of doubt, any such proposed rate and adjustments, shall constitute a SOFR Successor Rate . Any such amendment shall become effective at 5 00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrower unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to such amendment. 
 The Administrative Agent will promptly (in one or more notices) notify the Borrower and each Lender of the implementation of any SOFR Successor Rate. 
 Any SOFR Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such SOFR Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. 
 47 

Notwithstanding anything else herein, if at any time any SOFR Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less than zero, the SOFR Successor Rate will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 In connection with the implementation of a SOFR Successor Rate, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrower and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 
 For purposes of this Section 3.03(c), those Lenders that either have not made, or do not have an obligation under this Agreement to make, the relevant Loans in Dollars shall be excluded from any determination of Required Lenders. 
 1.04 Increased Costs. 
 (a) Increased Costs Generally . If any Change in Law shall 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender 
 (ii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto or 
 (iii) impose on any Lender or any interbank market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement, Alternative Currency Loans or Term SOFR Loans made by such Lender or participation therein and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon the written request of such Lender, the Borrower will pay to such Lender, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered provided that such amount or amounts shall be no greater than that which such Lender is generally claiming from its other borrowers similarly situated to the Borrower, as reasonably evidenced to the Borrower at the time such amount is requested. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 3.04 , the Borrower shall not be required to compensate any Lender pursuant to this Section 3.04 for any amounts incurred more than 120-days prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of such affected Person s intention to claim compensation therefor except that if the event giving rise to such request for compensation is retroactive, then such 120-day period will be extended to include the period of the retroactive effect thereof. 
 (b) Capital Requirements . If any Lender determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s capital or on the capital of such Lender s holding company, if 
 48 

any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by such Lender to a level below that which such Lender or such Lender s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s policies and the policies of such Lender s holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time, upon written request, the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lender s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 (c) Certificates for Reimbursement . A certificate of a Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or its holding company, including a summary of the calculation thereof, as the case may be, as specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this Section and delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 Business Days after receipt thereof. 
 (d) Delay in Requests . Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of Section 3.01 and this Section 3.04 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s right to demand such compensation, provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than 120 days prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 120-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof) provided further that such Lender at that time has a general policy of demanding the same type of compensation from similarly situated counterparties. 
 1.05 Compensation for Losses . Upon written demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Borrower shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred (including, for the avoidance of doubt, break funding costs) by it as a result of 
 (a) any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise) 
 (b) any failure by the Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on the date or in the amount notified by the Borrower unless such written notice is rescinded in accordance with the terms hereof 
 (c) any failure by the Borrower to make payment of any Loan (or interest due thereon) denominated in an Alternative Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency or 
 (d) any assignment of a Term SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 10.13 including any foreign exchange losses and any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan, from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained or from the performance of any foreign exchange contract. The Borrower shall also pay any customary administrative fees charged by such Lender in connection with the foregoing. For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the Borrower to the Lenders under this Section 3.05 , each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan made by it at 
 49 

the Alternative Currency Term Rate for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the offshore interbank market for the applicable Eligible Currency for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan was in fact so funded. 
 1.06 Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders 
 (a) Designation of a Different Lending Office . Each Lender may make any Credit Extension to the Borrower through any Lending Office, provided that the exercise of this option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Credit Extension in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or requires the Borrower to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 , or if any Lender gives a written notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , then at the request of the Borrower such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04 , as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be materially disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 (b) Replacement of Lenders . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or if any Lender gives a written notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different lending office in accordance with Section 3.06(a) , the Company may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 10.13 . 
 1.07 Survival. 
 All obligations of the Company under this Article III shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments, repayment of all other Obligations hereunder, and resignation of the Administrative Agent. 
 Article IV. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 
 1.01 Conditions of Initial Credit Extension. 
 The obligation of each Lender to make its initial Credit Extension under the Original Agreement was subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent 
 (a) The Administrative Agent s receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals or telecopies (followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the Company, each dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a reasonably recent date before the Closing Date) and each in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders 
 (i) executed counterparts of this Agreement, the Security Agreement, the Collateral Administration Agreement, the Sale Agreement and the Investment Management Agreement, sufficient in number for distribution to the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Company 
 50 

(ii) Notes executed by the Borrower in favor of each Lender requesting Notes 
 (iii) such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and or other certificates of a Responsible Officer of the Company as the Administrative Agent may require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which the Company is a party 
 (iv) such documents and certifications as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require to evidence that the Company is duly organized, and that the Borrower is validly existing, in good standing and qualified to engage in business in Delaware 
 (v) a favorable opinion of Dechert LLP, counsel to the Company, addressed to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, as to the matters concerning the Borrower, the Borrower Parent and the Loan Documents as the Required Lenders may reasonably request, including as to the treatment as a true sale for purposes of the Bankruptcy Code of the purchases of the Collateral Assets from time to time by the Borrower from Borrower Parent under the Sale Agreement and to the effect that the Borrower would not be substantively consolidated with Borrower Parent in the event of a proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code 
 (vi) a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company certifying (A) that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) and (b) have been satisfied and (B) that there has been no event or circumstance since the date of the Audited Financial Statements that has had or could be reasonably expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect 
 (vii) a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Company either (A) attaching copies of all consents, licenses and approvals required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company and the validity against the Company of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and such consents, licenses and approvals shall be in full force and effect, or (B) stating that no such consents, licenses or approvals are so required 
 (viii) evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion that the Net Asset Value of Borrower is at least equal to 10,000,000 
 (ix) evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion that since the date of the most recent Audited Financial Statements, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and 
 (x) such other assurances, certificates, documents, consents or opinions as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders reasonably may require. 
 (b) Any fees required to be paid on or before the Closing Date that have been invoiced shall have been paid. 
 (c) Unless waived by the Administrative Agent, the Company shall have paid all reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of outside counsel to the Administrative Agent (directly to such counsel if requested by the Administrative Agent) to the extent invoiced prior to or on the Closing Date, plus such additional amounts of such fees, charges and disbursements as shall constitute its reasonable estimate of such fees, charges and disbursements incurred or to be incurred by it through the closing proceedings provided that such estimate shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between the Company and 
 51 

the Administrative Agent) provided , however , that such fees, charges and disbursements shall only be due and payable to the extent provided pursuant to Section 10.04 . 
 (d) The representations and warranties of (i) the Borrower contained in Article V and (ii) the Borrower and Borrower Parent contained in each other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document (including the Beneficial Ownership Certification) furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct (in all material respects, or as so qualified, as applicable) on and as of the Closing Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct (in all material respects, or as so qualified, as applicable) as of such earlier date. 
 (e) No Default shall exist, or would result from such Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds thereof. 
 (f) The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have a valid and perfected first-priority lien and security interest in the Collateral, all filings (including all UCC financing statements and similar filings contemplated by the Sale Agreement, including all back-up filings in relation to Collateral Assets sold thereunder), recordations and searches necessary or desirable in connection with the Collateral shall have been duly made, and all filing and recording fees and taxes shall have been duly paid, including in each case under, and as required by, all applicable laws. 
 (g) All governmental and third party approvals reasonably necessary or, in the discretion of the Lender, advisable in connection with the Credit Extension shall have been obtained and be in full force and effect, and all applicable waiting periods shall have expired without any action being taken or threatened by any competent authority that would restrain, prevent or otherwise impose adverse conditions on the Lender making the Credit Extension. 
 (h) The initial Lender shall have received and reviewed all financial statements required to be delivered under Section 6.01 and, in each case, such financial statements shall be satisfactory to the initial Lender in its sole discretion. 
 (i) Upon the reasonable written request of any Lender, the Company shall have provided to such Lender, and such Lender shall be reasonably satisfied with, the documentation and other information so requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act. 
 (j) If the Company qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, then the Company shall deliver, to each Lender that so requests in writing, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Company. 
 Without limiting the generality of the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 9.03 , for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01 , each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. 
 1.02 Conditions to all Credit Extensions. 
 The obligation of each Lender to honor any Request for Credit Extension is subject to the following conditions precedent 
 52 

(a) The representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in (i) Article V and (ii) each other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct (in all material respects, or as so qualified, as applicable) on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct (in all material respects, or as so qualified, as applicable) as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Section 4.02 , the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to subsections (a) and (b) , respectively, of Section 6.01 . 
 (b) No Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds thereof. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent and Collateral Administrator shall have received a Request for Credit Extension in accordance with the requirements hereof, which shall include a Borrower Certification. 
 (d) No Borrowing Base Deficiency or Currency Asset Amount Shortfall shall exist on the date of such Credit Extension or would arise after giving effect to the relevant Credit Extension. 
 (e) In connection with the acquisition of any Approval Asset, the Borrower shall have received a copy of an Approval Notice with respect to such Collateral Asset. 
 (f) For the avoidance of doubt, after giving effect to the proposed Credit Extension, the Total Outstandings (plus the greater of (A) the Aggregate Unfunded Amount minus Cash credited to the Unfunded Exposure Account (excluding Excluded Amounts) and (B) zero) would not exceed the Aggregate Commitments. 
 (g) The Borrower and Borrower Parent have complied with all Special Purpose Entity Requirements. 
 Each Request for Credit Extension submitted by the Company shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) and (b) have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension. 
 1.03 Conditions to Effectiveness of First Restatement. 
 The effectiveness of the First Restatement was subject to the following conditions precedent 
 (a) the Administrative Agent s receipt of executed counterparts of this Agreement and the Fee Letter 
 (b) certificates of resolutions or other action evidencing the authorization of the Company to enter into this Agreement and the Fee Letter and such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and or other certificates of a Responsible Officer of the Company as the Administrative Agent may require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the Fee Letter 
 (c) such documents and certifications as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require to evidence that the Company is duly organized, and that the Borrower is validly existing, in good standing and qualified to engage in business in Delaware 
 53 

(d) a favorable opinion of Dechert LLP, counsel to the Company, addressed to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, as to the matters concerning the Borrower, the Borrower Parent and the Loan Documents as the Required Lenders may reasonably request, including as to certain corporate matters 
 (e) a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company certifying that there has been no event or circumstance since the date of the Audited Financial Statements that has had or could be reasonably expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect 
 (f) a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Company either (A) attaching copies of all consents, licenses and approvals required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company and the validity against the Company of this Agreement and the Fee Letter, and such consents, licenses and approvals shall be in full force and effect, or (B) stating that no such consents, licenses or approvals are so required or the failure to obtain any such licenses would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (g) any fees required to be paid by the Company on or before the Amendment Date that have been invoiced shall have been paid and the Company shall have paid all reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent (directly to such counsel if requested by the Administrative Agent) to the extent invoiced prior to or on the date hereof, plus such additional amounts of such fees, charges and disbursements as shall constitute its reasonable estimate of such fees, charges and disbursements incurred or to be incurred by it through the closing proceedings provided that such estimate shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between the Company and the Administrative Agent) 
 (h) all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent requests to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations 
 (i) the representations and warranties of (i) the Borrower contained in Article V and (ii) the Borrower and Borrower Parent contained in each other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct (in all material respects, or as so qualified, as applicable) on and as of the Amendment Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct (in all material respects, or as so qualified, as applicable) as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Section 4.03 , the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to subsections (a) and (b) , respectively, of Section 6.01 and 
 (j) no Default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing. 
 1.04 Conditions to Effectiveness of Second Restatement. 
 The amendment and restatement of the Existing Agreement as of the Second Restatement Date shall be effective upon the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions precedent 
 (a) the Administrative Agent s receipt of executed counterparts of this Agreement 
 (b) the representations and warranties of (i) the Borrower contained in Article V and (ii) the Borrower and Borrower Parent contained in each other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct (in all material respects, or as so qualified, as applicable) on and as of 
 54 

the Second Restatement Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct (in all material respects, or as so qualified, as applicable) as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Section 4.03 , the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to subsections (a) and (b) , respectively, of Section 6.01 and 
 (c) no Default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing. 
 Article V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 The Borrower represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that 
 1.01 Existence, Qualification and Power. 
 The Company (a) is duly organized, validly existing and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to (i) own or lease its assets and carry on its business in which it is currently engaged and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license except in each case referred to in clause (b)(i) or (c), to the extent that failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 1.02 Authorization No Contravention. 
 The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of each Loan Document to which the Company is party, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not and will not (a) violate the terms of any of the Company s Organization Documents (b) result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien (other than a Permitted Lien) under, or require any payment to be made under (i) any Contractual Obligation to which the Company is a party or affecting the Company or the properties of the Company or (ii) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which the Company or its property is subject or (c) violate in any material respect any Law. 
 1.03 Governmental Authorization Other Consents. 
 No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, the Company of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except for those that have been obtained or in connection with the Liens granted under the Loan Documents. 
 1.04 Binding Effect. 
 This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document to which the Company is a party, when delivered hereunder, will have been, duly executed and delivered by the Company. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document to which the Company is a party when so delivered, and when executed and delivered by the other parties thereto, will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in 
 55 

accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by Debtor Relief Laws or other Laws affecting creditors rights generally and by general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at Law. 
 1.05 Financial Statements No Material Adverse Effect. 
 (a) The Audited Financial Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein (ii) fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of Borrower Parent as of the date thereof and its results of operations for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein and (iii) show all material indebtedness and other liabilities, direct or contingent, of Borrower Parent as of the date thereof, including liabilities for taxes, material commitments and Indebtedness. 
 (b) The unaudited consolidated balance sheet of Borrower Parent dated as of the most recent fiscal quarter of Borrower Parent, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for the fiscal quarter ended on that date (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein, and (ii) fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of Borrower Parent as of the date thereof and its results of operations for the period covered thereby, subject, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), to the absence of footnotes and to normal year-end audit adjustments. 
 (c) Since the date of the most recently delivered Audited Financial Statements, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 1.06 Litigation. 
 There are no material actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the actual knowledge of the Company, threatened, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against the Company or against any of its properties or revenues. 
 1.07 No Default. 
 The Company has no Contractual Obligations other than (A) pursuant to (i) the Loan Documents, (ii) the Investment Management Agreement, (iii) the Sale Agreement, and (iv) the ownership, purchase or sale of Collateral Assets and other financial assets as permitted under the Loan Documents, or, in each case, Contractual Obligations that are incidental thereto, (v) agreements of service providers to it entered into in the ordinary course of business and (B) as indicated in Schedule 5.07 (as such Schedule may be updated from time to time by written agreement of the Company and the Administrative Agent). The Company is not in default under or with respect to any Contractual Obligation that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 1.08 Liens and Indebtedness. 
 The property of the Company is subject to no Liens other than Permitted Liens. The Company has no Indebtedness other than Indebtedness created or permitted under the Loan Documents including expenses payable in the ordinary course of business, obligations under its Organization Documents or pursuant to customary indemnification, expense reimbursement and similar provisions under the Collateral Asset Documents related to the Collateral Assets. The 
 56 

Company is not a party to any outstanding agreement or contract other than the Loan Documents and the documents related thereto or contemplated thereby, and the Contractual Obligations described in Section 5.07 , and the Company has no actual or contingent liabilities in respect of any agreements or contracts to which the Company has previously been a party but which are no longer outstanding as of the date of this Agreement. 
 1.09 Taxes. 
 (a) Each of the Company and Borrower Parent has filed all Federal and state income and other material tax returns and reports required to be filed by it, and has paid or caused to be paid all material Federal, state and other taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon it or its properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable by it, except those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted. There is no material tax assessment proposed in writing against either the Company or Borrower Parent. 
 (b) For U.S. federal income tax purposes, (i) Borrower is a disregarded entity and Borrower Parent is its sole owner and (ii) Borrower Parent is a U.S. Person. 
 1.10 ERISA Matters. 
 The Company is not and will not be using Plan Assets of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans or the Commitments. 
 1.11 Equity Interests. 
 All Equity Interests of the Company are duly and validly issued. There are no outstanding warrants, options or other rights to purchase, or shareholder, voting trust or similar agreements outstanding with respect to, or property that is convertible into, or that requires the issuance or sale of, any such Equity Interests. All Equity Interests of the Company are owned by Borrower Parent. 
 1.12 Margin Regulations Investment Company Act. 
 (a) The Borrower is not engaged nor will it engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the FRB), or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock. 
 (b) None of the Company or any Person Controlling the Company is or is required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 1.13 Disclosure. 
 All information heretofore or hereafter furnished by or on behalf of the Company in writing to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the Loan Documents or any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby is and will be (when taken as a whole and in each case, as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) true, complete and correct in all material respects as of the date such information is stated or certified and does not and will not omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not misleading provided that solely with respect to information furnished by the Company which was provided to the Company from an obligor with respect to a Collateral Asset, such information shall only need to be true, complete and correct to the actual knowledge of the Company provided further that, with respect to projected financial information, the Company 
 57 

represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time of preparation. 
 1.14 Compliance with Laws. 
 (a) The Company is in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted. 
 1.15 Taxpayer Identification Number Other Identifying Information. 
 The true and correct U.S. taxpayer identification number of the Borrower and that of the Borrower Parent are set forth on Schedule 5.15 . The Borrower s exact legal name at the date of this Agreement and any prior legal names, and the Borrower s, jurisdiction of organization, organizational identification number, registered office, and the place of business of Borrower Parent, or if Borrower Parent has more than one place of business, Borrower Parent s chief executive office, in each case at the date of this Agreement and for the four months immediately preceding the date of this Agreement are, in each case, as set forth in are set forth on Schedule 5.15 . 
 1.16 OFAC. 
 Neither the Borrower nor, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any director, officer, employee, agent, affiliate or representative thereof is an individual or entity that is, or is owned or controlled by an individual or entity that is (i) currently the subject or target of any Sanctions, (ii) included on OFAC s List of Specially Designated nationals, HMT s Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets and the Investment Ban List, or any similar list enforced by any other relevant sanctions authority or (iii) located, organized or resident in a Designated Jurisdiction. 
 1.17 Anti-Corruption Laws. 
 The Borrower has conducted its business in compliance in all material respects with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act of 2010, and other similar applicable anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions. 
 1.18 Beneficial Ownership Certification. 
 As of the Amendment Date, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification, if applicable, is true and correct in all respects. 
 1.19 Transaction Certifications. 
 As of each date that Borrower acquires, sells, transfers, releases or otherwise disposes of any Asset, or commits to do any of the foregoing, (a Transaction ), the Borrower hereby represents, warrants and agrees as follows 
 (a) in the case of any Transaction that is an acquisition or sale, transfer or other disposition, after giving effect to such Transaction (A) no Borrowing Base Deficiency would exist, and (B) no Default under the Credit Agreement would occur or be continuing 
 (b) in the case of any acquisition of an Asset, (A) such Asset if a Collateral Asset satisfies the Eligibility Criteria and the Portfolio Criteria and qualifies for treatment as an 
 58 

Eligible Collateral Asset, (B) Borrower has Delivered, or will promptly Deliver, such Asset or cause such Asset to be Delivered and (C) the Borrower has received all consents and approvals required by the terms of such Asset for (1) the Delivery to the Collateral Administrator of the Borrower s interest and rights in such Asset, (2) the pledge of such Asset to the Administrative Agent (except to the extent that such Asset is not Collateral as defined under the Security Agreement) and (3) subject to the terms of the applicable Collateral Asset Documents, any exercise of the Administrative Agent s rights and remedies as a secured party under the Loan Documents (including under the Security Agreement) provided that, so long as Borrower has not knowingly and willfully acquired a Collateral Asset in violation of the foregoing representations, a failure of the foregoing representations to be true and correct in connection with the acquisition of a Collateral Asset shall not constitute an Event of Default hereunder (except to the extent of any Borrower Base Deficiency pursuant to Section 8.01(b) if the Borrower causes any such Collateral Asset to be sold within ten Business Days of the earlier of its actual knowledge or notice that such Collateral Asset fails to comply with the foregoing 
 (c) in the case of any sale, transfer or disposition of any Asset to any Affiliate of the Borrower (other than a distribution to Borrower Parent to the extent permitted hereunder), the sale price (or other compensation received or paid) for such Asset is not less than the fair market value of such Asset on the date of such Transaction and the requirements with respect to such Transactions under the Loan Documents have been satisfied and 
 (d) in the case of any Transaction using the proceeds of any Loan, such proceeds are being used solely for Permitted Uses. 
 Article VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, or any Loan or other Obligation hereunder (other than contingent reimbursement and indemnification obligations) shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied the Company shall 
 1.01 Financial Statements. 
 Deliver (including by causing the Borrower Parent to deliver) to the Administrative Agent for further distribution to each Lender (in the case of subclauses (a) and (b) , in the form typically used by the Borrower Parent and its affiliates for presentation of such information for their advised funds) 
 (a) within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower Parent, a copy of the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower Parent and its consolidated subsidiaries as at the end of such year, the related consolidated statements of income for such year and the related consolidated statements of changes in net assets and of cash flows for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, audited and accompanied by a report and opinion of an independent certified public accountant of nationally recognized standing, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any going concern or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit provided , that the financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to this clause (a) which are made available via EDGAR, or any successor system of the SEC, in the Borrower Parent's annual report on Form 10-K, shall be deemed delivered to the Administrative Agent on the date such documents are made so available 
 (b) within 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of each fiscal year (other than the last fiscal quarter of each fiscal year), an unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the 
 59 

Borrower Parent and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal quarter and including the prior comparable period (if any), and the unaudited consolidated statements of income of the Borrower Parent and its consolidated subsidiaries for such fiscal quarter and for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such fiscal quarter, and the unaudited consolidated statements of cash flows of the Borrower Parent and its consolidated subsidiaries for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such fiscal quarter, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes provided , that the financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to this clause (ii) which are made available via EDGAR, or any successor system of the SEC, in Parent's quarterly report on Form 10-Q, shall be deemed delivered to the Administrative Agent on the date such documents are made so available 
 (c) as soon as available and in any event not later than the last Business Day of the calendar month following each monthly accounting period (ending on the last day of each calendar month) of the Borrower, performance returns and the Net Asset Value and, if reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, supporting calculations thereof, in each case, of the Borrower, as at the last day of such accounting period and 
 (d) promptly following any written request therefor, subject to the Administrative Agent s agreeing to any contractual restrictions or internal policies consistently applied applicable to such information, such other information that is in its possession or may be obtained without undue burden or expense, regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Company, Borrower Parent, or compliance with the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including, without limitation, whether a Change in Investment Adviser or Change in Control with respect to the Investment Adviser has occurred), as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request in writing. 
 1.02 Certificates Other Information. 
 Deliver or cause Borrower Parent to deliver to the Administrative Agent for further distribution to each Lender 
 (a) promptly after any reasonable written request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, subject to the Administrative Agent s agreeing to any contractual restrictions or internal policies consistently applied applicable to such information, copies of any detailed audit reports, management letters or recommendations submitted to the management board of directors or investment manager of Borrower Parent by independent accountants in connection with the accounts or books of Borrower Parent, or any audit of any of them and that is in its possession or may be obtained without undue burden or expense 
 (b) concurrently with the delivery of any of the financial statements or monthly report referred to in Section 6.01 , a duly completed Compliance Certificate of each of Borrower Parent and Borrower signed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower Parent or Borrower, as applicable (which delivery may, unless the Administrative Agent, or a Lender requests in writing executed originals, be by electronic communication including fax or email and shall be deemed to be an original authentic counterpart thereof for all purposes) 
 (c) promptly after each ICR Determination Date, and in any event within 10 Business Days after each ICR Determination Date, a duly completed Borrower Parent Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower Parent (which delivery may be by electronic communication including fax or email and shall be deemed to be an original authentic counterpart thereof for all purposes) (i) detailing the calculation of the Interest Coverage Ratio 
 60 

for the previous ICR Determination Period and (ii) certifying in connection therewith the satisfaction of the Interest Coverage Test as of the relevant ICR Determination Date and 
 (d) promptly, such additional information regarding the business, financial or corporate affairs of the Company, or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably request. 
 Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Sections 6.01(a) and 6.02 may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which (i) Borrower Parent posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the website listed on Schedule 10.02 , (ii) such documents are posted on Borrower Parent s behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent), or (iii) the Company provides to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions i.e. , soft copies) of such documents provided that (x) the Company shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent upon its written request to the Company to deliver such paper copies and (y) the Company shall notify the Administrative Agent (by facsimile or electronic mail) of the posting pursuant to clause (i) and (ii) above of any such documents, and the Administrative Agent hereby agrees that it shall use commercially reasonable efforts to post such documents received pursuant to clause (iii) above on the Company s behalf to a commercial, third-party or other website sponsored by the Administrative Agent and notify the Lenders of such posting. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery or to maintain any copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Company with any such request for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents. 
 Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent and or the Arranger may, but shall not be obligated to, make available to the Lenders materials and or information provided by or on behalf of such Borrower hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials by posting the Borrower Materials on DebtDomain, IntraLinks, Syndtrak or another similar electronic system (the Platform and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to Borrower or its Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons securities. Borrower hereby agrees that (w) it shall use reasonable efforts to ensure that all Borrower Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof provided that, subject to internal policies consistently applied it may identify certain information as containing (or potentially containing) material non-public information (x) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials (or the portion as to which no designation has been made that such materials contain material non-public information) as not containing any material non-public information with respect to Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws provided , however , that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 10.07 (y) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Side Information and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Arranger shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Side Information. 
 61 

1.03 Notices. 
 Promptly, and in any event within three Business Days, notify the Administrative Agent upon obtaining actual knowledge thereof 
 (a) of the occurrence of any Default 
 (b) of the occurrence of any Collateral Asset Trigger Event 
 (c) of any matter that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or Regulatory Event, including (i) breach or non-performance of, or any default under, a Contractual Obligation of the Company or Borrower Parent (ii) any dispute, litigation, investigation, proceeding or suspension between the Company or Borrower Parent and any Governmental Authority or (iii) the commencement of, or any material development in, any litigation or proceeding affecting the Company or Borrower Parent and 
 (d) of any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by the Company or Borrower Parent. 
 Each notice pursuant to this Section 6.03 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Company setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Company has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto. Each notice pursuant to Section 6.03(a) shall describe with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement and any other Loan Document that have been breached. 
 1.04 Payment of Obligations. 
 Except where being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable, all its obligations and liabilities, including (a) all tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets, unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by the Company (b) all lawful claims which, if unpaid, would by law become a Lien upon its property, unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by the Company (c) all Indebtedness, as and when due and payable, but subject to any subordination provisions contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing such Indebtedness and (d) to the extent all conditions to funding in the applicable Collateral Asset Documents have been satisfied, all funding obligations under Delayed Draw Loans and Revolving Loans other than any failure to fund due to the Lender s failure to provide any Loan. 
 1.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc. 
 (a) To the maximum extent permitted pursuant to applicable Laws, preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization except in a transaction permitted by Section 7.04 or 7.05 and (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business, except to the extent that failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 1.06 Maintenance of Properties. 
 (a) Maintain, preserve and protect all of its material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear 
 62 

and tear excepted and (b) make all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof, in each case, except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 1.07 Further Assurances. 
 At any time or from time to time upon the reasonable written request of the Administrative Agent, Borrower shall execute and deliver such further documents and do such other acts and things as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in writing in order to effect fully the purposes of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents and to provide for payment of the Loans made hereunder, with interest thereon, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 1.08 Compliance with Laws. 
 Comply in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in which such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted. 
 1.09 Books and Records. 
 (a) Maintain proper books of record and account, in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP consistently applied shall be made of all financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Company and (b) maintain such books of record and account in material conformity with all applicable requirements of any Governmental Authority having regulatory jurisdiction over the Company. 
 1.10 Inspection Rights. 
 Permit representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent (who may be accompanied by any requesting Lender) to visit and inspect any of its properties (or to the extent reasonably necessary or appropriate and subject to reasonable restrictions regarding access to information not related to the Company, to examine the foregoing records, the properties of Borrower Parent) to examine its corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, subject to the Administrative Agent s agreeing to confidentiality restrictions in relation to items that may not be disclosed pursuant to contractual restrictions and internal policies consistently applied, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its directors, officers, independent public accountants, Investment Adviser and Responsible Officers having knowledge of such matters, at such reasonable times during normal business hours and as often as may be reasonably desired, upon reasonable advance notice to the Company provided that when an Event of Default exists the Administrative Agent (accompanied by any requesting Lender) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Company at any time during normal business hours and without advance notice provided , further , that so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, such visits and inspections (i) shall occur upon no less than two Business Days prior written notice and (ii) shall not occur more than two times per fiscal year with only one such visit and inspection being at the expense of the Company. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders agree to cause all such representatives and their independent contractors to comply with the provisions of Section 10.07 . 
 1.11 Use of Proceeds. 
 Use the proceeds of the Credit Extensions solely for Permitted Uses. 
 63 

1.12 Approvals and Authorizations. 
 Maintain all authorizations, consents, approvals and licenses from, exemptions of, and filings and registrations with, each Governmental Authority of the jurisdiction in which the Company is organized and existing, and all approvals and consents of each other Person in such jurisdiction, in each case that are required in connection with the Loan Documents. 
 1.13 Special Purpose Entity Requirements. 
 Conduct at all times its business and operations (in all material respects, or as so qualified, as applicable) in accordance with the Special Purpose Entity Requirements and the provisions of Section 3 , Section 4 , Section 5 , Section 8(c) and Section 24 of the Limited Liability Company Agreement and maintain at all times 100 ownership of all Equity Interests of the Company by Borrower Parent. The Company shall give reasonable prior notice to the Administrative Agent of any amendment to the Investment Management Agreement, the Limited Liability Company Agreement or the Sale Agreement. 
 1.14 Security Interest. 
 Maintain a first-priority (subject to Permitted Liens), perfected security interest in the Collateral for the benefit of the Lenders, their successors, transferees and assigns so long as this Agreement is in effect. 
 1.15 ERISA Matters. 
 Do, or cause to be done, all things necessary to ensure that it will not be deemed to hold Plan Assets at any time, except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 1.16 Anti-Corruption Laws. 
 Conduct its business in compliance with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act of 2010, and other similar applicable anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions and maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws. 
 1.17 Payment Instructions. 
 Direct the underlying administrative agent for each Collateral Asset to send all payments of principal and interest and any other proceeds in respect thereof to the applicable Collateral Account. 
 Article VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder or any Loan or other Obligation hereunder (other than contingent and unasserted reimbursement and indemnification obligations) shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, the Company shall not, directly or indirectly 
 1.01 Liens. 
 Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, other than Permitted Liens. 
 64 

1.02 Investments. 
 Own any Structured Finance Security. 
 1.03 Indebtedness Bank Accounts. 
 (a) Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except Indebtedness created or permitted under the Loan Documents including expenses payable in the ordinary course of business, obligations under its Organization Documents or pursuant to customary indemnification, expense reimbursement and similar provisions under the Collateral Asset Documents related to the Collateral Assets or (b) open or establish any bank accounts except as contemplated by the Loan Documents. 
 1.04 Fundamental Changes. 
 Merge, dissolve, liquidate, wind-up, consolidate with or into another Person, or Dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to or in favor of any Person. 
 1.05 Sale of Collateral Assets. 
 Sell, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of any Collateral Asset unless, after giving effect to any such sale, assignment transfer, conveyance or disposition and any simultaneous prepayment of any Loan in accordance with Section 2.03 , (i) based on the most recent Borrowing Base determination received from the Administrative Agent, no Borrowing Base Deficiency will exist and (ii) no Default would occur or be continuing after giving effect thereto provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower shall at all times be permitted to sell any Collateral Asset (x) to an Approved Dealer in order to cure any Borrowing Base Deficiency in accordance with Section 2.03(b) so long as no Default would otherwise occur or be continuing after giving effect thereto, (y) in connection with a Discretionary Sale pursuant to Section 2.13 and (z) a Permitted Refinancing Transaction pursuant to Section 2.14 . 
 Apply the proceeds of any Disposition of all or any portion of the Collateral except toward (i) a Permitted Use, (ii) the repayment of Loans or the payment of fees or interest on Loans hereunder or (iii) subject to Section 7.06, a Restricted Payment. 
 1.06 Restricted Payments. 
 Declare or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, or incur any obligation (contingent or otherwise) to do so, or issue or sell any Equity Interests, except that the Company may make distributions to Borrower Parent so long as (a) no Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, (b) no Borrowing Base Deficiency has occurred or would result therefrom on a pro forma basis, (c) no Currency Asset Amount Shortfall or breach of the Interest Coverage Test has occurred or would result therefrom on a pro forma basis, (d) (x) in the case of Restricted Payments from the Interest Proceeds Account, the Interest Proceeds Test is satisfied and will be satisfied after giving effect to such distribution on a pro forma basis and (y) in the case of Restricted Payments from the Principal Proceeds Account, the Principal Proceeds Test is satisfied and will be satisfied after giving effect to such distribution on a pro forma basis and (e) Manager, on behalf of the Borrower, delivers a Restricted Payments Certificate immediately prior to such distribution provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) the Company may make distributions to Borrower Parent in order to pay Administrative Expenses at any time prior to the earlier of (i) the date on which the Administrative Agent has exercised remedies as provided for in Section 8.02 and (B) even during the occurrence and continuance of a Default, so long as (1) no Specified Default or Borrowing Base Deficiency shall have occurred 
 65 

and be continuing or would result therefrom, (2) the requirements set forth in clause (d) above are satisfied and (3) the Company has provided the Administrative Agent with evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of such obligation, the basis therefore under the definition of Tax Distribution and the amount thereof at least five Business Days prior to the date of the Restricted Payment, the Company may make Restricted Payments to Borrower Parent that are Tax Distributions. For the avoidance of doubt, no Restricted Payments may be made except from the Interest Proceeds Account or the Principal Proceeds Account. 
 1.07 Transactions with Affiliates. 
 Enter into any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate of the Company, whether or not in the ordinary course of business, unless transaction is upon terms no less favorable to the Company than it would obtain in a comparable arm s length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate (it being agreed that any sale by the Borrower at par shall be deemed to satisfy this provision), and without limitation of the foregoing, (i) the Borrower shall not sell any Collateral Assets to the Borrower Parent or to any Affiliate of the Borrower Parent and (ii) the Borrower shall not purchase any Collateral Assets from Borrower Parent or from any other Affiliates (other than a bankruptcy remote special purpose entity) unless, in the case of clause (i) and (ii), Dechert LLP or another counsel of nationally recognized standing reasonably acceptable to the Required Lenders has delivered an opinion of counsel (which, as to the Borrower Parent, may be delivered on the Amendment Date), addressed to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, as to such matters concerning such sale as the Required Lenders may reasonably request and the Borrower has submitted back-up filings against the seller of such Collateral Assets under the UCC or other appropriate filing offices in each relevant jurisdiction. 
 1.08 Burdensome Agreements. 
 Enter into any Contractual Obligation (other than this Agreement, any other Loan Document, the Sale Agreement or the Investment Management Agreement) that (a) limits the ability of the Company to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist Liens on property of the Company or (b) requires the grant of a Lien (other than a Permitted Lien) to secure an obligation of the Company if a Lien (other than a Permitted Lien) is granted to secure another obligation of the Company. 
 1.09 Use of Proceeds. 
 Use the proceeds of any Loan, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, (a) to purchase or carry margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the FRB) or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock or to refund indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose or (b) to purchase securities or other assets in a manner that would cause such credit extension to become a covered transaction as defined in Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 371c) and Regulation W of the FRB, including any transaction where the proceeds of any Loan are used for the benefit of, or transferred to, a Person that the Company knows is an Affiliate of a Lender. 
 1.10 Sanctions. 
 Directly or (to the actual knowledge of the Company) indirectly, use the proceeds of any Credit Extension, or lend or contribute such proceeds to any individual or entity, to fund any activities of or business with any individual, or entity, or in any Designated Jurisdiction, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any individuals or entity participating in the transaction (whether as Lender, Arranger, Administrative Agent or otherwise) of Sanctions. 
 66 

1.11 Special Purpose Entity Requirements. 
 Conduct at any time its business or operations in contravention (in all material respects, or as so qualified, as applicable) of the Special Purpose Entity Requirements. 
 Modify, amend or supplement its Organization Documents in any manner inconsistent with the Special Purpose Entity Requirements or otherwise materially adverse to the Lenders. 
 Be party to any agreement (other than customary trade-related agreements or Collateral Asset Documents) under which it has any material obligation or liability (direct or contingent) without including customary non-petition provisions substantially similar to Section 10.20(b) , other than with the consent of the Administrative Agent. 
 Fail at any time to maintain at least one Special Member (as such term is defined in the Organization Documents). 
 1.12 Investment Management Agreement and Sale Agreement Amendment. 
 Amend the Investment Management Agreement or Sale Agreement other than an amendment (i) (A) that solely cures any ambiguity, typographical or manifest error, or defect in either agreement and (B) of which the Administrative Agent was provided notice before execution of such amendment or (ii) to which the Administrative Agent has consented in writing (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 
 1.13 ERISA. 
 (a) Maintain or contribute to, or agree to maintain or contribute to, or permit any ERISA Affiliate of the Company to maintain or contribute to or agree to maintain or contribute to, any Plan, except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) Hold Plan Assets. 
 1.14 Reserved . 
 1.15 Change in Nature of Business. 
 Engage in any material line of business substantially different from those lines of business conducted by the Borrower as of the date hereof. 
 1.16 Anti-Corruption Laws. 
 Directly or indirectly use the proceeds of any Loan for any purpose which would breach the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act of 2010, or other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions. 
 1.17 Unfunded Exposure Account. 
 Funds on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account as of any date of determination may be withdrawn to fund draw requests of the relevant obligors under any Delayed Drawdown Loan or Revolving Loan. Any such draw request made by an obligor, along with wiring instructions for the applicable obligor, shall be forwarded by the Company or the Manager to the Collateral Administrator (with a copy to the Administrative Agent and each Lender) along with a notice of borrowing, and the Manager shall instruct the Collateral Administrator to fund such draw request in accordance with the notice or borrowing. As of any date of determination, the Manager may 
 67 

cause any amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account that exceed (i) prior to the end of the Availability Period, the Aggregate Unfunded Equity Amount and (ii) after the end of the Availability Period, the Aggregate Unfunded Amount, in each case, to be deposited into the Principal Proceeds Account. 
 Article VIII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 
 1.01 Events of Default. 
 The occurrence and continuance of any of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default 
 (a) Non-Payment . The Company shall fail to pay, when due and payable, of (x) any principal in respect of the Loans or (y) any other payment required to be made pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document and if such date is not the Maturity Date, such default, solely in the case of this clause (y), has not been cured within three (3) Business Days after written notice thereof by the Administrative Agent provided , that, solely in the case of clause (y) on a date other than on the Maturity Date resulting solely from an administrative error or omission by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Administrator or any paying agent, such default continues for a period of five Business Days after the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Administrator receives written notice or a Responsible Officer of such party has actual knowledge of such administrative error or omission or 
 (b) Borrowing Base Deficiency . A Borrowing Base Deficiency exists and the Borrower fails to give written notice of its intent to cure or fails to cure the Borrowing Base Deficiency in accordance with Section 2.03(b) (i) or 
 (c) Currency Asset Amount Shortfall . A Currency Asset Amount Shortfall shall have occurred and be continuing for two consecutive Business Days or 
 (d) Specified Covenants . (i) The Company fails to perform or observe in any material respect any covenant in Sections 6.05(a) , 6.11 , 6.13 , 7.01 , 7.03 , 7.04 , 7.05 , 7.06 , 7.07 7.09 , 7.11 or 7.12 or (ii) the Borrower Parent fails to perform or observe in any material respect any covenant in Sections 5.1(f), 5.1(g), 5.1(h), 5.1(i), 5.1(j), 8.1 or 8.8 of the Sale Agreement or (iii) the Manager fails to perform or observe in any material respect any covenant in Sections 7(d) (to the extent it relates to the Special Purpose Entity Requirements), 7(e) or 26 of the Investment Management Agreement or 
 (e) Insolvency Proceedings, Etc. An Insolvency Event shall have occurred and be continuing with respect to the Company or the Borrower Parent or 
 (f) Other Defaults . 
 (1) The Company fails to perform or observe in a material respect any covenant or agreement contained in Section 6.01 , Section 6.02 , Section 6.03 , Section 7.02 , Section 7.08 , Section 7.10 , Section 7.13 , Section 7.15 , Section 7.16 or Section 7.17 and such failure is not cured within five Business Days following the earlier of Borrower s or Manager s actual knowledge of, or receipt of written notice of, such failure or 
 (2) The Company fails to perform or observe in a material respect any other covenant or agreement (not specified in subsection (a) through (e) or (f)(1) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for 30 days following written notice or 
 68 

(g) Certifications . Any Borrower Certification (including any Restricted Payments Certificate) or Compliance Certificate of the Company or Borrower Parent proves to have been materially inaccurate and such certification is not capable of being cured or has not been cured within the earlier of (x) three Business Days following written notice and (y) the date on which a Responsible Officer of the Borrower obtains actual knowledge of such material inaccuracy or 
 (h) Representations and Warranties . Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact (other than a Borrower Certification (including any Restricted Payments Certificate)) made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Company or the Borrower Parent herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall be incorrect or misleading in a material respect when made or deemed made, and such representation (i) is not capable of cure or (ii) has not been cured within the earlier of (x) 30 days following written notice and (y) the date on which a Responsible Officer of the Borrower obtains actual knowledge of such misrepresentation or 
 (i) Security Interest Failure . The Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties) fails for any reason to have a perfected first priority (subject to any Permitted Liens) security interest in any Collateral in accordance with the terms of the Security Agreement provided that it will not be an Event of Default if such failure is a result of any action or inaction by (i) the Collateral Administrator and such failure is remedied within three (3) Business Days after written notice or (ii) the Administrative Agent) or 
 (j) Credit Triggers . Any Credit Trigger shall occur or 
 (k) Interest Coverage Test . The Interest Coverage Test is not satisfied on any ICR Determination Date and such failure continues for three Business Days without the Borrower curing such Interest Coverage Test breach in accordance with Section 2.03(b) (iii) or 
 (l) Invalidity of Loan Documents . Any material obligation of the Company or its Affiliates under any Loan Document at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations (other than contingent and unasserted reimbursement and indemnification obligations), ceases to be in full force and effect or the Company, the Borrower Parent or any Affiliate of the foregoing contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any material provision of any Loan Document or the Company denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any material provision of any Loan Document. 
 1.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default. 
 If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall at the request of the Required Lenders (or may with the consent of the Required Lenders) take any or all of the following actions 
 (a) declare the commitment of each Lender to make Loans to be terminated, whereupon such commitments and obligation shall be terminated 
 (b) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower or 
 (c) deliver a written notice of exclusive control in relation to the Collateral Account and the Unfunded Exposure Account and give instructions to the Collateral Administrator in 
 69 

relation thereto under the provisions of the Security Agreement, and may (in addition to all other rights and remedies under the Loan Documents and or of a secured party under the UCC and other legal or equitable remedies) realize upon the Collateral, and or may immediately sell, assign, give option or options to purchase or otherwise dispose of and deliver the Collateral or any part thereof, subject to, and in accordance with the terms of the Security Agreement and 
 (d) exercise on behalf of itself and the Lenders all rights and remedies available to it and the Lenders under the Loan Documents 
 provided , however , that upon the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to the Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 
 1.03 Application of Funds. 
 After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02 ), any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall, subject to the provisions of Section 2.10, and subject to any prior claims of the Collateral Administrator under the Collateral Administration Agreement, be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order 
 First , for the avoidance of doubt, to payment of any prior claims of the Collateral Administrator under the Collateral Administration Agreement 
 Second , to payment of any unpaid Administrative Expenses constituting Management Fees accrued up to the earlier of (i) the date on which the Administrative Agent has exercised remedies as provided for in Section 8.02 and (ii) the date on which the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02 
 Third , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and disbursements of external counsel to the Administrative Agent and amounts payable under Article III payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such 
 Fourth , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal and interest) payable to the Lenders (including fees, charges and disbursements of external counsel to the respective Lenders and amounts payable under Article III ), ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth payable to them 
 Fifth , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans and other Obligations, ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fifth payable to them 
 Sixth , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans, ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Sixth held by them and 
 Last , the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been paid in full, to the Company or as otherwise required by Law. 
 70 

Article IX. ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 1.01 Appointment and Authority. 
 Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints Bank of America to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and the Company shall have no rights as third party beneficiary of any such provisions, except that that the Company shall be entitled to rely on and enforce the provisions of Sections 9.06 and 9.10 . It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. 
 1.02 Rights as a Lender. 
 The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. 
 1.03 Exculpatory Provisions. 
 The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent 
 (a) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing 
 (b) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents or those rights and powers that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law and 
 (c) shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information 
 71 

relating to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. 
 The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it under the Loan Documents (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 10.01 and 8.02) or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given in writing to the Administrative Agent by the Company or a Lender. 
 The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
 1.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent. 
 The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) reasonably believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and reasonably believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Loan. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Company), independent accountants and other experts selected by it with due care, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 
 1.05 Delegation of Duties. 
 The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any non-Affiliated sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents. 
 72 

1.06 Resignation of Administrative Agent. 
 (a) The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Company. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, if no Event of Default exists or is continuing upon the prior written consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), and if an Event of Default exists and is continuing in consultation with the Company, to appoint a successor, which at all times shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Resignation Effective Date ), then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above. Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date. 
 (b) If the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (d) of the definition thereof, the Required Lenders may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, by notice in writing to the Company and such Person remove such Person as Administrative Agent and, with the consent of the Company, appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Removal Effective Date ), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date. 
 (c) With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable) (1) the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and (2) except for any indemnity payments or other amounts then owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or removed) Administrative Agent (other than as provided in Section 3.01(g) and other than any rights to indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent as of the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date, as applicable), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section) . The fees payable by the Company to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Company and such successor. After the retiring or removed Administrative Agent s resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article and Section 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent. 
 1.07 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders. 
 Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and 
 73 

decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 
 1.08 No Other Duties, Etc. 
 Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the Book Manager or Arranger listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent or a Lender hereunder. 
 1.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim Credit Bidding. 
 In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to the Company, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise 
 (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.07 and 10.04) allowed in such judicial proceeding and 
 (b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same 
 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.07 and 10.04 . 
 Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. 
 The Secured Parties hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, to credit bid all or any portion of the Obligations (including accepting some or all of the Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of the Obligations pursuant to a deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) and in such manner purchase (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) all or any portion of the Collateral (a) at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, including under Sections 363, 1123 or 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, or any similar 
 74 

Laws in any other jurisdictions to which the Borrower is subject, (b) at any other sale or foreclosure or acceptance of collateral in lieu of debt conducted by (or with the consent or at the direction of) the Administrative Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with any applicable Law. In connection with any such credit bid and purchase, the Obligations owed to the Secured Parties shall be entitled to be, and shall be, credit bid on a ratable basis (with Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims receiving contingent interests in the acquired assets on a ratable basis that would vest upon the liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion of the contingent claim amount used in allocating the contingent interests) in the asset or assets so purchased (or in the Equity Interests or debt instruments of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are used to consummate such purchase). In connection with any such bid (i) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to form one or more acquisition vehicles to make a bid, (ii) to adopt documents providing for the governance of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles provided that any actions by the Administrative Agent with respect to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or Equity Interests thereof shall be governed, directly or indirectly, by the vote of the Required Lenders, irrespective of the termination of this Agreement and without giving effect to the limitations on actions by the Required Lenders contained in clauses (a) through (g) of Section 10.01 of this Agreement, (iii) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to assign the relevant Obligations to any such acquisition vehicle pro rata by the Lenders, as a result of which each of the Lenders shall be deemed to have received a pro rata portion of any Equity Interests and or debt instruments issued by such an acquisition vehicle on account of the assignment of the Obligations to be credit bid, all without the need for any Secured Party or acquisition vehicle to take any further action, and (iv) to the extent that Obligations that are assigned to an acquisition vehicle are not used to acquire Collateral for any reason (as a result of another bid being higher or better, because the amount of Obligations assigned to the acquisition vehicle exceeds the amount of debt credit bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such Obligations shall automatically be reassigned to the Lenders pro rata and the Equity Interests and or debt instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on account of the Obligations that had been assigned to the acquisition vehicle shall automatically be cancelled, without the need for any Secured Party or any acquisition vehicle to take any further action. 
 1.10 Collateral Matters. 
 Without limiting the provisions of Section 9.09 , the Lenders irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion, 
 (a) to release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document (i) upon termination of the Aggregate Commitments and payment in full of all Obligations (other than contingent and unasserted reimbursement and indemnification obligations), (ii) that is sold or otherwise disposed of or to be sold or otherwise disposed of as part of or in connection with any sale or other disposition permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document, or (iii) subject to Section 10.01 , if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders and 
 (b) to subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by Section 7.01(i) . 
 Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property pursuant to this Section 9.10 . 
 The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the 
 75 

Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Administrative Agent s Lien thereon, or any certificate prepared by the Company in connection therewith, nor shall the Administrative Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral. 
 1.11 ERISA. 
 (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or the Borrower Parent, that at least one of the following is and will be true 
 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans or the Commitments 
 (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement or 
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 (b) In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has not provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or the Borrower Parent, that none of the Administrative Agent or any Arranger or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of 
 76 

any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto). 
 
 1.12 Recovery of Erroneous Payments. 
 Without limitation of any other provision in this Agreement, if at any time the Administrative Agent makes a payment hereunder in error to any Lender (the Credit Party ), whether or not in respect of an Obligation due and owing by the Borrower at such time, where such payment is a Rescindable Amount, then in any such event, each Credit Party receiving a Rescindable Amount severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount received by such Credit Party in immediately available funds in the currency so received, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such Rescindable Amount is received by it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Each Credit Party irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any discharge for value (under which a creditor might otherwise claim a right to retain funds mistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another) or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable Amount. The Administrative Agent shall inform each Credit Party promptly upon determining that any payment made to such Credit Party comprised, in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount. 
 
 Article X. MISCELLANEOUS 
 1.01 Amendments, Etc. 
 Subject to Sections 2.02(e) and 3.03, no amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the Company therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders and the Company and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given provided , however , that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall 
 (a) waive any condition set forth in Section 4.01(a) without the written consent of each Lender 
 (b) extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 without the written consent of such Lender 
 (c) postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of them) hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby 
 (d) reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan, or (subject to clause (ii) of the second proviso to this Section 10.01 any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document, or change the manner of computation of any financial ratio (including any change in any applicable defined term) used in determining the Applicable Rate that would result in a reduction of any interest rate on any Loan or any fee payable hereunder without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby provided , however , that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend the definition of Default Rate or to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay interest at the 
 77 

Default Rate and, for the avoidance of doubt, this clause (d) shall not apply in the case of a SOFR Successor Rate amendment pursuant to Section 3.03 
 (e) change Section 8.03 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby without the written consent of each Lender or 
 (f) change any provision of this Section or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder without the written consent of each Lender 
 and, provided further , that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (ii) the Fee Letter may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing executed only by the parties thereto. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (x) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender and (y) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender disproportionately and materially adversely relative to other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. 
 1.02 Notices Effectiveness Electronic Communication. 
 (a) Notices Generally . Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by facsimile or electronic mail as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows 
 (i) if to the Company or the Administrative Agent, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 10.02 and 
 (ii) if to any other Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire (including, as appropriate, notices delivered solely to the Person designated by a Lender on its Administrative Questionnaire then in effect for the delivery of notices that may contain material non-public information relating to the Company). 
 Notices and other communications sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received notices and other communications sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below, shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b) . 
 (b) Electronic Communications . Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail, FpML 
 78 

messaging, and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to Article II if such Lender has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the Company may each, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon sending, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) , if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice, email or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient. 
 (c) The Platform . THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Company s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of Borrower Materials through the Internet. 
 (d) Effectiveness of Facsimile of Electronic Mail Documents . Loan Documents may be transmitted by facsimile or electronic mail. The effectiveness of any such documents and signatures shall, subject to applicable Law, have the same force and effect as manually-signed originals and shall be binding on the Company, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. The Administrative Agent may also require that any such documents and signatures be confirmed by a manually-signed original thereof provided , however , that the failure to request or deliver the same shall not limit the effectiveness of any facsimile or electronic mail document or signature. 
 (e) Change of Address, Etc. The Borrower and the Administrative Agent may change its address, electronic mail address, facsimile or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, electronic mail address, facsimile or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Company and the Administrative Agent. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, facsimile number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the Private Side Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender s compliance procedures and applicable Law, including United States Federal and state 
 79 

securities Laws, to make reference to Borrower Materials that are not made available through the Public Side Information portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to the Company or its securities for purposes of United States Federal or state securities laws. 
 (f) Reliance by Administrative Agent and Lenders . The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic or electronic Committed Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Company shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 
 1.03 No Waiver Cumulative Remedies Enforcement. 
 No failure by any Lender or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided, and provided under each other Loan Document, are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Company shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 8.02 for the benefit of all the Lenders provided , however , that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 10.08 (subject to the terms of Section 2.09 ), or (c) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to the Company under any Debtor Relief Law and provided , further , that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.02 and (ii) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (b) and (c) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 2.09 , any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders. 
 1.04 Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver. 
 (a) Costs and Expenses . The Company shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and each Lender and their respective Affiliates (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent), in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated) and (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred 
 80 

by the Administrative Agent or any Lender (including the fees, charges and disbursements of one outside counsel for the Administrative Agent and the Lenders), in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or (B) in connection with the Loans made hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans. This Section 10.04(a) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 (b) Indemnification by the Company . The Company shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all costs, losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of one outside counsel for the Indemnitees, taken as a whole, and one additional outside counsel for any such Indemnitees subject to an actual or perceived conflict of interest), incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any Person (including the Company) other than such Indemnitee and its Related Parties arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and its Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including in respect of any matters addressed in Section 3.01 ), (ii) any Loan or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom or (iii) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing (including without limitation any such claim, litigation or proceeding arising from any sale or distribution of securities by the Borrower or Borrower Parent), whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Company, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (y) result from a claim brought by the Company against an Indemnitee for breach in bad faith of such Indemnitee s obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, if the Company has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. Without limiting the provisions of Section 3.01(c) , this Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 (c) Reimbursement by Lenders . To the extent that the Company for any reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount required under subsection (a) or (b) of this Section to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), or any Related Party of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender s pro rata share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought based on each Lender s share of the Aggregate Commitments at such time) of such unpaid amount (including any such unpaid amount in respect of a claim asserted by such Lender), such payment to be made severally among them based on such Lender s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought), provided further that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent 
 81 

(or any sub-agent) in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.08(d) . 
 (d) Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each party hereto shall not assert, and hereby waives, and acknowledges that no other Person shall have, any claim against any party, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee referred to in subsection (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed to such unintended recipients by such Indemnitee through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby other than for direct or actual damages resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee as determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 (e) Payments . All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than ten Business Days after written demand therefor. 
 (f) Sufficiency of Remedies . 
 Borrower hereby acknowledges that (i) any and all claims, damages and demands against the Lender arising out of, or in connection with, the exercise by the Lender of any of the Administrative Agent s or any Lender s rights or remedies under the Facility can be sufficiently and adequately remedied by monetary damages, (ii) no irreparable injury will be caused to the Borrower or the Borrower Parent as a result of, or in connection with, any such claims, damages or demands, and (iii) no equitable or injunctive relief shall be sought by the Borrower or the Borrower Parent as a result of, or in connection with, any such claims, damages or demands. 
 (g) Survival . The agreements in this Section and the indemnity provisions of Section 10.02(f) shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations (other than contingent and unasserted reimbursement and indemnification obligations). 
 1.05 Payments Set Aside. 
 To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, or the Administrative Agent any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect, in the applicable currency of such recovery or payment. The obligations of the Lenders under clause (b) of the 
 82 

preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 1.06 Successors and Assigns. 
 (a) Successors and Assigns Generally . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that the Company may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section, or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (f) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (b) Assignments by Lenders . Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it) provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions 
 (i) Minimum Amounts. 
 (A) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment or contemporaneous assignments to related Approved Funds that equal at least the amount specified in paragraph (b)(i)(B) of this Section in the aggregate and the Loans at the time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned and 
 (B) in any case not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of this Section, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than 500,000.00 unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Company otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 
 (ii) Proportionate Amounts . Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or the Commitment assigned 
 (iii) Required Consents . In addition to any consents required by subsection (b)(i)(B) of this Section, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the consent of the Borrower shall be required for any assignment by a Lender of its rights or obligations hereunder if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender provided that such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, and the Lender shall provide the Borrower with a written request for consent. The 
 83 

Borrower shall use good faith efforts to respond in writing to any such written request for consent from the Lender within ten Business Days. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) the Borrower shall not be deemed to consent to any such written request for consent from the Lender in the event that the Borrower fails to respond thereto and (ii) as set forth in subclause (v) below, no assignment shall be made to any BXC Competitor unless (x) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (y) the Lender does not share any BXC Confidential Information with such BXC Competitor. In addition, the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender. 
 (iv) Assignment and Assumption . The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount of 3,500 provided , however , that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 
 (v) No Assignment to Certain Persons . No such assignment shall be made (A) to the Company or any of the Company s Affiliates, (B) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B) , (C) unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any BXC Competitor (in which case, no BXC Confidential Information shall be provided to such BXC Competitor) or (D) to a natural Person (any such Person described in clause (A), (B) or (C), a Disqualified Lender ). 
 (vi) Certain Additional Payments . In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Company and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans accordance with its Applicable Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 
 Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 , 3.05 , and 10.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment provided , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party 
 84 

hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. Upon written request, the Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with subsection (d) of this Section. 
 (c) Register . The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at the Administrative Agent s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it (or the equivalent thereof in electronic form) and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 (d) Participations . Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than (x) a Disqualified Lender or (y) a Lender who is lending with, or whose assets constitute, Plan Assets) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and or the Loans owing to it) provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement provided further that, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the consent of the Borrower shall be required for a participation to a BXC Competitor. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 10.04(c) without regard to the existence of any participation. 
 Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to Section 10.01 that affects such Participant. The Company agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 and 3.05 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 3.01(e) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.01(e) shall be delivered to the Lender who sells the participation)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 3.06 and 10.13 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 3.01 or 3.04 , with respect to any participation, than the Lender from whom it acquired the applicable participation would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent that such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation and the same greater payment would also have applied to the relevant Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Company s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Company to effectuate the provisions of Section 3.06 with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.08 as though it were a Lender 
 85 

provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.09 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Company, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (e) Certain Pledges . Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 (f) Status as Qualified Purchaser . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein or in any other Loan Document, each Lender hereunder, and each Participant, must at all times be a qualified purchaser as defined in the Investment Company Act (a Qualified Purchaser ). Accordingly 
 (i) each Lender represents to the Borrower, (A) on the date that it becomes a party to this Agreement (whether by being a signatory hereto or by entering into an Assignment and Assumption) and (B) on each date on which it makes a Credit Extension hereunder, that it is a Qualified Purchaser 
 (ii) each Lender agrees that it shall not assign, or grant any participations in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement to any Person unless such Person is a Qualified Purchaser and 
 (iii) the Borrower agrees that, to the extent it has the right to consent to any assignment or participation herein, it shall not consent to such assignment or participation hereunder unless it reasonably believes that the assignee or participant is a Qualified Purchaser at the time of such assignment or participation and that such assignment or participation will not cause the Borrower or the pool of Collateral to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 1.07 Treatment of Certain Information Confidentiality. 
 Each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent required or requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process 
 86 

with prior written notice to the Company, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement or any Eligible Assignee invited to be a Lender pursuant to Section 10.01 or (ii) any actual or prospective party (or its Related Parties) to any swap, derivative or other transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to any of the Borrower and their obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder, (g) on a confidential basis to (i) any rating agency in connection with rating the Company or the credit facilities provided hereunder or (ii) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers or other market identifiers with respect to the credit facilities provided hereunder, (h) with the consent of the Company or (i) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (y) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Company, the Borrower Parent, the Investment Adviser or any of their Affiliates or agents. In addition, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and the Commitments. Information means all information received from the Company relating to the Company, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Company. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 Each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders acknowledges that (a) the Information may include material non-public information concerning the Company, (b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and (c) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws. 
 1.08 Right of Setoff. 
 If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Company against any and all of the obligations of the Company now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or its Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender or Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Company may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch, office or Affiliate of such Lender different from the branch, office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.10 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail 
 87 

the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender or its Affiliates may have. Each Lender agrees to notify the Company and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 
 1.09 Interest Rate Limitation. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the Maximum Rate ). If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Company. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 
 1.10 Counterparts Integration Effectiveness. 
 This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent, constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01 , this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic imaging means (e.g. pdf or tiff shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 
 1.11 Survival of Representations and Warranties. 
 All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder (other than contingent and unsasserted reimbursement and indemnification obligations) shall remain unpaid. 
 1.12 Severability. 
 If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or 
 88 

unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.12 , if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited. 
 1.13 Replacement of Lenders. 
 If the Company is entitled to replace a Lender pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.06 , if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or a Non-Consenting Lender, then the Company may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06 ), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Sections 3.01 and 3.04 and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided that 
 (a) the Company shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee (if any) to the extent required by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 10.06(b) 
 (b) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 3.05 from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Company (in the case of all other amounts) 
 (c) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01 , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter 
 (d) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws and 
 (e) in the case of an assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting Lender, the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent. 
 A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Company to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
 
 1.14 Governing Law Jurisdiction Etc. 
 (a) GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY 
 89 

SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 (b) SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION. EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (OTHER THAN ANY LOAN DOCUMENT THAT EXPRESSLY PROVIDES FOR SUBMISSION TO ANY OTHER COURT), OR FOR RECOGNITION OF ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT WITH RESPECT THERETO, AND EACH PARTY HERETO AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH PARTY HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT WITH REGARD TO THE ENFORCEMENT OF ITS RIGHTS WITH RESPECT TO THE COLLATERAL AGAINST ANY PARTY HERETO OR ITS RESPECTIVE PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION WHERE COLLATERAL IS LOCATED OR IT IS OTHERWISE NECESSARY IN ORDER TO ENFORCE ITS RIGHTS OVER THE COLLATERAL. 
 (c) WAIVER OF VENUE . EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (B) OF THIS SECTION. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. 
 (d) SERVICE OF PROCESS . EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 10.02 . NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 
 1.15 Waiver of Jury Trial. 
 EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER 
 90 

PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 
 1.16 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. 
 In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Company acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates understanding, that (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent the Arranger, and the Lenders are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Company and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders, on the other hand, (B) the Company has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) the Company is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents (ii) (A) the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and each Lender is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Company or any of its Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) neither the Administrative Agent , the Arranger nor any Lender has any obligation to the Company or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents and (iii) the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Company and its Affiliates, and neither the Administrative Agent , the Arranger nor any Lender has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Company or any of its Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, each of the Company hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent, the Arranger or any Lender with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. 
 1.17 Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents 
 This Agreement, any Loan Document and any other Communication, including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. The Borrower, the Manager, the Borrower Parent, the Custodian, the Collateral Administrator and each of the Administrative Agent and each Lender agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and or retention. The Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record Electronic Copy ), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the 
 91 

original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent is not under any obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by such Person pursuant to procedures approved by it provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower, the Borrower Parent, the Manager and or any Lender without further verification and (b) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. 
 The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any Communication (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). 
 The Borrower, the Borrower Parent, the Manager and each Lender hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document, and (ii) waives any claim against the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Related Party for any liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and or any Lender s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Borrower, the Borrower Parent or the Manager to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 
 1.18 USA PATRIOT Act. 
 Each Lender that is subject to the Act (as hereinafter defined) and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Act ), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Act. The Borrower shall, promptly following a written request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, provide all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender requests in writing in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation, the Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 1.19 Reserved . 
 1.20 Non-Recourse Obligations No Petition. 
 92 

(a) Each Lender and the Administrative Agent covenants and agrees that the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement are limited recourse obligations of the Borrower, payable solely from the Collateral in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents, and, following realization of the Collateral, any claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and all obligations of the Borrower shall be extinguished and shall not thereafter revive. It is understood that the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.20(a) shall not (i) prevent recourse to the Collateral for the sums due or to become due under any security, instrument or agreement which is part of the Collateral or (ii) constitute a waiver, release or discharge of any indebtedness or obligation evidenced by this Agreement until the Collateral has been realized, whereupon any outstanding indebtedness or obligation shall be extinguished and shall not thereafter revive. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 10.20(a) shall not limit or prejudice the rights of the Lenders directly against the Borrower Parent in respect of any obligation of the Borrower Parent (i) under any Loan Document or (ii) in respect of any fraud, willful misconduct, bad faith or misrepresentation of the Borrower Parent in connection with any Compliance Certificate or other certificate delivered by them that proves to have been untrue in a material respect when made provided further that nothing in the foregoing shall give rise to any liability of or permit recourse to any natural person executing such certificate as an officer of the Borrower or the Borrower Parent). 
 (b) Each of the parties hereto (other than the Borrower) covenants and agrees that, prior to the date that is one year and one day (or, if longer, any applicable preference period and one day) after the payment in full of all Obligations, no party hereto shall institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, the Borrower any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings or other similar proceedings under any federal, state or foreign bankruptcy or similar law. 
 The provisions of this Section 10.20 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 
 1.21 Time of the Essence. 
 Time is of the essence of the Loan Documents. 
 1.22 Judgment Currency. 
 If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder or any other Loan Document in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the first currency with such other currency on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of the Borrower in respect of any such sum due from it to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the Judgment Currency other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement (the Agreement Currency ), be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender from the Borrower in the Agreement Currency, the Borrower agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is greater than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in such currency, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, agrees to return the amount of any 
 93 

excess to the Borrower (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under applicable law). 
 1.23 Reserved . 
 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank. 
 94 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 
 BGSL BIG SKY FUNDING LLC 
 By Blackstone Secured Lending Fund, its sole member 
 
 By s Marisa J. Beeney 
 Name Marisa J. Beeney 
 Title Authorized Signatory 

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 By Bryson Bannon 
 Name Bryson Bannon 
 Title Director 

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Lender 
 By s Bryson Bannon 
 Name Bryson Bannon 
 Title Director 

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

SCHEDULE 2.01 
 COMMITMENTS AND APPLICABLE PERCENTAGES 
 
 Lender Total Commitment Applicable Percentage Bank of America, N.A. (i) Prior to the Amendment Date 400,000,000.00 and (ii) on and after the Amendment Date, 500,000,000.00. 100.000000000 Total (i) Prior to the Amendment Date 400,000,000.00 and (ii) on and after the Amendment Date, 500,000,000.00. 100.000000000 

Schedule 2.01 Page 1 

. 
 ANNEX A 
 
 ADVANCE RATES 
 
 Asset Type 
 Advance Rates 
 First Lien Bank Loans (excluding Special Situation Assets) 
 a. that are not Approval Assets 
 75.0 
 b. that are Approval Assets 
 70.0 
 First Lien Bank Loans that are Special Situation Assets 50.0 
 First Lien Last Out Bank Loans 50.0 
 Second Lien Bank Loans 40.0 
 Cash in Dollars, EUR, GBP or CAD (excluding Excluded Amounts) 100.0 
 Any Collateral Asset that is not an Eligible Collateral Asset on the date of determination (including any Collateral Asset that is not Performing or is a Defaulted Obligation) 0 
 Non-Qualifying Assets 0 
 
 1 
 Annex A 

ANNEX B 
 
 1. Eligibility Criteria. A Collateral Asset shall be an Eligible Collateral Asset for purposes of the Borrowing Base if, unless waived by the Administrative Agent, as of any date of determination 
 a. Such Collateral Asset is a First Lien Bank Loan, a First Lien Last Out Bank Loan or a Second Lien Bank Loan 
 b. Except with respect to any Approval Asset, such Collateral Asset is priced on such date by at least two independent sources (as evidenced by data from the applicable Pricing Source) provided that, if as of any date of determination a Collateral Asset shall fail to be priced on such date by at least two independent sources (as evidenced by data from the applicable Pricing Source), then this clause (b) shall be deemed satisfied if the Borrower (i) within one Business Day of any such failure, notifies the Administrative Agent of its intent to provide evidence of bids for such Collateral Asset from at least two independent sources and (ii) within two Business Days of any such failure, provides evidence of bids for such Collateral Asset from at least two independent sources to the Administrative Agent and such evidence is in the form of a quotation (or quotations, as applicable) from an Approved Dealer or other nationally recognized dealer (or nationally recognized dealers, as applicable), reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (and, for the avoidance of doubt, a Collateral Asset that fails to be priced as of any given date by at least two independent sources (as evidenced by data from the applicable Pricing Source) may subsequently satisfy this clause (b) if it satisfies such requirement as of any later date or the Borrower otherwise provides evidence of bids as specified in the foregoing proviso) provided , further that up to 20 of the Aggregate Assigned Value (based on the Assigned Value of the relevant Eligible Collateral Assets) may consist of Agented One Bid Assets that are not treated as Approval Assets 
 c. Such Collateral Asset is denominated in Dollars, Euros, Sterling or Canadian Dollars unless the Administrative Agent and Borrower, each in their sole discretion, otherwise agree 
 d. Such Collateral Asset has an Initial Purchase Price of at least 80 of its Principal Balance, unless the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, each in their sole discretion, otherwise agree 
 e. Such Collateral Asset is freely transferable, including, without limitation, that (x) if such Collateral Asset is in the form of a security, no registration is required under the Securities Act (including pursuant to Regulation S or Rule 144A) or other applicable securities laws and (y) such Collateral Asset is not subject to any condition to or restriction on the ability of the holder thereof to sell, pledge, assign, or otherwise transfer such Collateral Asset or to exercise or enforce the provisions thereof or of any document related thereto whether set forth in such Collateral Asset itself or in any document related thereto, other than such as both (I) are usual and customary for similar loans and (II) do not prevent the Administrative Agent from taking security over such Collateral Asset in accordance with the Security Agreement or otherwise impair any right or remedy of the Administrative Agent thereunder, it being understood that any condition or restriction that, after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code or other applicable law, is ineffective and any requirement that a subsequent transferee satisfy eligibility criteria to exercise rights as a lender under the underlying documents shall not itself negatively affect a determination of whether a Collateral Asset is freely transferable 
 f. Such Collateral Asset is not a Structured Finance Security 
 1 
 Annex B 

g. As of the first day on which such Collateral Asset is included as an Eligible Collateral Asset, such Collateral Asset does not have (i) a Moody s Rating below B3 , (ii) an S&P Rating below B- or (iii) a Fitch Rating below B- provided that, as of the first day on which each such Collateral Asset is included as an Eligible Collateral Asset, up to 7.5 of the Aggregate Assigned Value (based on the Assigned Value of the relevant Eligible Collateral Assets) may consist of Eligible Collateral Assets that are rated below B3 but not lower than Caa3 by Moody s, below B- but not lower than CCC- by S&P or below B- but not lower than CCC- by Fitch 
 h. Such Collateral Asset does not have (i) a Moody s Rating below Caa3 , (ii) an S&P Rating below CCC- or (iii) a Fitch Rating below CCC- 
 i. Such Collateral Asset is Performing 
 j. The par amount of such Collateral Asset owned by the Borrower does not exceed 10 of the then-current aggregate loan facility amount with respect to such Collateral Asset 
 k. The original aggregate loan facility amount corresponding to such Collateral Asset is at least 150,000,000 (including all tranches and drawn and undrawn commitments secured by the same collateral) 
 l. Such Collateral Asset is issued by an obligor Domiciled in the United States or Canada and the law governing such Collateral Asset or document or instrument under which such Collateral Asset arises is the law of a U.S. State or Canada 
 m. Such Collateral Asset is not Affected Collateral 
 n. Sufficient information is provided by the obligor and any applicable rating agencies in respect of such Collateral Asset pursuant to the Collateral Asset Documents for the calculation and monitoring of whether a Collateral Asset Trigger Event has occurred in relation to such Collateral Asset 
 o. Such Collateral Asset has a term to stated maturity that does not exceed eight years 
 p. Payments on such Collateral Asset are not subject to withholding tax (other than withholding taxes imposed under FATCA) if owned by the Borrower unless the issuer or obligor or other Person (and guarantor, if any) is required to make gross-up payments that cover the full amount of any such withholding taxes 
 q. The Borrower has received an Approval Notice in the case of any Approval Asset 
 r. The Borrower has directed the underlying administrative agent for such Collateral Asset to send all payments of principal and interest and any other proceeds in respect thereof to the applicable Collateral Account as provided in Section 6.17 of the Credit Agreement 
 s. Such Collateral Asset is not a Deferrable Collateral Asset (other than a Partial PIK Asset) and 
 t. The obligor with respect to such Collateral Asset is not, and the proceeds of such Collateral Asset will not be used to finance, a business that is engaged in the manufacture, cultivation sale or dispensing of marijuana. 
 
 2 
 Annex B 

2. Portfolio Criteria 
 a. The Assigned Value of all Eligible Collateral Assets with respect to a single obligor may not exceed 3.5 of the Aggregate Assigned Value, except that the Assigned Value of Eligible Collateral Assets (other than Special Situation Assets) with respect to a single obligor may be up to 5.0 with respect to five or fewer individual obligors 
 b. The Assigned Value of Eligible Collateral Assets with respect to any single obligor of a Second Lien Bank Loan may not exceed 2.0 of the Aggregate Assigned Value 
 c. The Assigned Value of Eligible Collateral Assets which are First Lien Last Out Bank Loans may not exceed 15.0 of the Aggregate Assigned Value 
 d. The Assigned Value of Eligible Collateral Assets which are Second Lien Bank Loans may not exceed 5.0 of the Aggregate Assigned Value 
 e. The Assigned Value of Eligible Collateral Assets of obligors which are in a single S&P Industry Classification may not exceed 12.0 of the Aggregate Assigned Value, except that the Assigned Value of Eligible Collateral Assets of obligors which are in a single S&P Industry Classification (other than oil and gas or retail) may be up to (i) 20.0 with respect to one S&P Industry Classification, (ii) 17.5 with respect to a second S&P Industry Classification, and (iii) 15.0 of the Aggregate Assigned Value with respect to a third S&P Industry Classifications 
 f. Up to 15 of the Aggregate Assigned Value may consist of Eligible Collateral Assets that are Special Situation Assets provided that, for purposes of determining the Assigned Value of any Eligible Collateral Asset included in the CCC Excess, the Assigned Value Percentage of such Eligible Collateral Asset shall be deemed to be the lesser of (A) its Initial Purchase Price and (B) its Current Market Price 
 g. The sum of the aggregate unfunded commitments under Delayed Drawdown Loans that are Collateral Assets and the aggregate unfunded and funded commitments of Revolving Loans that are Collateral Assets may not exceed 5 of the Aggregate Assigned Value 
 h. The Assigned Value of all Eligible Collateral Assets as to which the original aggregate loan facility amount is between (i) 200,000,000 and 250,000,000 (including all tranches and drawn and undrawn commitments secured by the same collateral) may not exceed 15.0 of the Aggregate Assigned Value and (ii) 150,000,000 and 200,000,000 (including all tranches and drawn and undrawn commitments secured by the same collateral) may not exceed 15.0 of the Aggregate Assigned Value 
 i. The Assigned Value of all Eligible Collateral Assets that are Foreign Loans may not exceed 7.5 of the Aggregate Assigned Value 
 j. The Assigned Value of all Eligible Collateral Assets issued by obligors Domiciled in Canada may not exceed 20.0 of the Aggregate Assigned Value 
 k. The Assigned Value of all Eligible Collateral Assets which are denominated in Euro, Sterling or Canadian Dollars, in the aggregate, may not exceed 10.0 of the Aggregate Assigned Value and 
 l. The Assigned Value of all Eligible Collateral Assets which are Partial PIK Assets may not exceed 10.0 of the Aggregate Assigned Value. 
 Selection of Non-Qualifying Assets . As of any date of determination, if the Eligible Collateral Assets, taken as a whole, do not satisfy the Portfolio Criteria or the second proviso in Eligibility Criteria (b), Eligible Collateral Assets or a portion thereof (the Non-Qualifying Assets will be excluded from such determination to the extent necessary to cause the remaining Eligible Collateral Assets to satisfy the Portfolio Criteria or the second proviso in Eligibility Criteria (b), as applicable. The Non-Qualifying Assets will be selected by the Administrative Agent. 
 3 
 Annex B 

Settlement Date Basis . All determinations of whether an asset is to be included for purposes of determination of the Borrowing Base, any Eligibility Criteria or any Portfolio Criteria will be on a settlement-date basis (meaning that any asset that has been purchased will not be treated as a Collateral Assets until such purchase has settled, and any Collateral Asset which has been sold will not be excluded as a Collateral Asset until such sale has settled) provided that no asset shall be included as a Collateral Asset to the extent it has not been paid for in full. 
 4 
 Annex B 

ANNEX C 
 DEFINITIONS RELATING TO COLLATERAL ASSETS 
 Administrative Agent Assigned Value means, with respect to any Collateral Asset, the lowest of (i) the Initial Purchase Price with respect to such Collateral Asset, (ii) the value of such Collateral Asset (expressed as a percentage) as determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion as of the date on which such Collateral Asset is acquired by the Borrower and (iii) the value of such Collateral Asset (expressed as a percentage) as determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion following the occurrence of a Collateral Asset Trigger Event with respect to such Collateral Asset provided that, with respect to an Approval Asset, if a Collateral Asset Trigger Event set forth in clause (iv) of the definition thereof occurs and the Collateral Asset Net Leverage Ratio with respect to such Collateral Asset is less than 1.50x higher than the level that existed as of the date Borrower acquired such Collateral Asset, Borrower shall have the right to dispute the Administrative Agent Assigned Value determined under clause (iii) above by submitting either (1) a Firm Bid to the Administrative Agent no later than 4 00 p.m. (New York time) on the following Business Day and actionable until 5 00 p.m. (New York time) on such day or (2) a Qualified Appraisal no later than 30 days after the date on which the Borrower receives notice of the determination of Administrative Agent Assigned Value. If such Firm Bid or Qualified Appraisal, as applicable, is so provided by Borrower, then it shall be applied as the Administrative Agent Assigned Value (x) if based on a Firm Bid, until the next Business Day and (y) if based on a Qualified Appraisal, until the earliest of (A) the date of the obligor s next financial reporting, (B) the date on which the next Collateral Asset Trigger Event occurs with respect to such Collateral Asset and (C) 90 days from the submission date, and otherwise, the Administrative Agent s original determination will be used for such day or days, as applicable. Once such Qualified Appraisal expires as provided above, the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, further amend the Administrative Agent Assigned Value in respect of such Collateral Asset on any subsequent date, subject to the valuation procedures and dispute mechanics set forth in the above proviso, and such further determination shall constitute the Administrative Agent Assigned Value. 
 Affected Collateral means any Collateral Asset with respect to which (i) the Administrative Agent fails for any reason to have a perfected security interest in accordance with the terms of the Security Agreement or (ii) the rights and remedies of the Borrower under the Collateral Asset Documents for such Collateral Asset cease to be enforceable in a material respect and such circumstance materially and adversely affects the value of such Collateral Asset. 
 Agented One Bid Asset means any Collateral Asset priced by only one independent source (as evidenced by data from the applicable Pricing Source or a quotation from an Approved Dealer) that is agented by an Approved Dealer. 
 Aggregate Assigned Value means the greater of (a) 50 of the Aggregate Commitments and (b) the aggregate of the Assigned Values of each Eligible Collateral Asset (before giving effect to the Portfolio Criteria or the second proviso in Eligibility Criteria (b)) plus the par value of all Cash and Cash Equivalents owned by the Borrower and credited to the Collateral Account (excluding Excluded Amounts) provided , however , that the Aggregate Assigned Value shall be determined solely pursuant to clause (b) of this definition on and after the date on which the aggregate of the Assigned Values of each Eligible Collateral Asset (before giving effect to the Portfolio Criteria or the second proviso in Eligibility Criteria (b)) plus the par value of all Cash and Cash Equivalents owned by the Borrower and credited to the Collateral Account (excluding Excluded Amounts) equal or exceed 50 of the Aggregate Commitments. 
 1 
 Annex A 

Aggregate Unfunded Amount shall mean, as of any date of determination, the sum of the Unfunded Exposure Amounts of each Revolving Loan and Delayed Drawdown Loan that is a Collateral Asset as of such date. 
 Aggregate Unfunded Equity Amount means, as of any date of determination, the sum of the Unfunded Exposure Equity Amounts of each Revolving Loan and Delayed Drawdown Loan included in the Collateral as of such date. 
 
 Approval Asset means any Collateral Asset that is (i) a Special Situation Asset, (ii) an Unrated Asset, (iii) a Zero Bid Asset, (iv) a Non-Agented One Bid Asset, (v) an Agented One Bid Asset in excess of 20 of the Aggregate Assigned Value (based on the Assigned Value of the relevant Eligible Collateral Assets) or (vi) a Partial PIK Asset. 
 Approval Notice means a copy of a notice executed by the Administrative Agent substantially in the form of Exhibit I , evidencing, among other things, the approval of the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, which shall be required with respect to any Approval Asset. 
 Approved Dealer means any of Bank of America, NA, The Bank of Montreal, The Bank of New York Mellon, The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, Barclays Bank plc, BNP Paribas, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, Citibank, N.A., Credit Agricole S.A., Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank AG, Goldman, Sachs & Co., HSBC Bank, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Lazard Ltd., Macquarie Bank, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., Morgan Stanley & Co., Natixis, Nomura Securities Inc., Royal Bank of Canada, Scotia Bank, Soci t G n rale, Sun Trust Bank, The Toronto-Dominion Bank, U.S. Bank National Association, UBS AG or Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, or a banking or securities Affiliate of any of the foregoing, or any other independent, internationally recognized third-party dealer agreed to in writing by the Administrative Agent. 
 Approved Valuation Provider means any of Lincoln International LLC (f k a Lincoln Partners LLC), Valuation Research Corporation, Duff & Phelps or such other nationally recognized valuation provider agreed to by the Administrative Agent. 
 Assigned Value means, with respect to any Collateral Asset as of any date of determination, the dollar amount equal to the Assigned Value Percentage of such Collateral Asset multiplied by the Principal Balance of such Collateral Asset on such date. 
 Assigned Value Percentage means, in each case, expressed as a percentage 
 (a) with respect to any Eligible Collateral Asset as to which a Collateral Asset Trigger Event has not occurred, (i) in the case of a Collateral Asset that is not an Approval Asset, its Initial Purchase Price and (ii) in the case of an Approval Asset, its initial Administrative Agent Assigned Value 
 (b) with respect to any Eligible Collateral Asset as to which a Collateral Asset Trigger Event (other than solely pursuant to clause (iii) thereof) has occurred, (i) in the case of a Collateral Asset that is not an Approval Asset, the lesser of (A) its Initial Purchase Price and (B) its Current Market Price as of such date of determination, and (ii) in the case of an Approval Asset, its Administrative Agent Assigned Value as of such date of determination 
 (c) with respect to any Eligible Collateral Asset as to which a Collateral Asset Trigger Event solely pursuant to clause (iii) thereof has occurred, (i) in the case of a Collateral Asset that is not an Approval Asset, the lesser of (A) its Initial Purchase Price and (B) its Current Market Price as of the date that the Administrative Agent became aware of such Collateral Asset Trigger Event, and (ii) in the case of an 
 2 
 Annex A 

Approval Asset, its Administrative Agent Assigned Value as of the date that the Administrative Agent became aware of such Collateral Asset Trigger Event and 
 (d) with respect to any Collateral Asset that is not an Eligible Collateral Asset, zero. 
 Bank Loan means any loan made by a bank or other financial institution to an obligor. A participation in any loan will not be a Bank Loan. For the avoidance of doubt, a bond or security will not be a Bank Loan. 
 Borrowing Base means, on any date of determination 
 (a) the lesser of (i) the aggregate of the amounts determined with respect to each Eligible Collateral Asset equal to (A) the Assigned Value of such Eligible Collateral Asset times (B) the Advance Rate applicable to such Eligible Collateral Asset and (ii)(A) the sum of the Assigned Value of each Eligible Collateral Asset times (B) 70 
 plus 
 (b) the par value of all Cash and Cash Equivalents owned by Borrower as of such date and credited to the Collateral Account or the Unfunded Exposure Account (in each case, excluding Excluded Amounts) 
 minus 
 (c) (i) prior to the end of the Availability Period, the Aggregate Unfunded Equity Amount and (ii) after the end of the Availability Period, the Aggregate Unfunded Amount. 
 The Assigned Value Percentages, Assigned Values, status of assets as Eligible Collateral and applicable Advance Rates shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, subject to the terms of the Collateral Administration Agreement. 
 Borrowing Base Deficiency means any time that (i) the Total Outstandings at such time exceed an amount equal to the Borrowing Base, (ii) the Total Outstandings (plus the greater of (A) the Aggregate Unfunded Amount minus Cash credited to the Unfunded Exposure Account (excluding Excluded Amounts) and (B) zero) at such time exceed the Aggregate Commitments or (iii) the Net Asset Value is less than the sum of the Assigned Values of the Eligible Collateral Assets of the four obligors representing the largest percentages of the Aggregate Assigned Value. 
 Cash Equivalents means any Eligible Currency-denominated investment that, at the time it is delivered to the Collateral Administrator (directly or through an intermediary or bailee), is one or more of the following obligations or securities including investments for which the Collateral Administrator or an Affiliate of the Collateral Administrator provides services and receives compensation therefor 
 (a) (x) direct Registered obligations (1) of the United States or (2) the timely payment of principal and interest on which is fully and expressly guaranteed by the United States and (y) Registered obligations (1) of any agency or instrumentality of the United States the obligations of which are expressly backed by the full faith and credit of the United States or (2) the timely payment of principal and interest on which is fully and expressly guaranteed by such an agency or instrumentality, in each case if such agency or instrumentality has the Required Ratings, in all cases having a remaining maturity of not more than 183 days 
 3 
 Annex A 

(b) demand and time deposits in, certificates of deposit of, trust accounts with, bankers acceptances issued by, or federal funds sold by any depository institution or trust company incorporated under the laws of the United States (including the Collateral Administrator) or any state thereof and subject to supervision and examination by federal and or state banking authorities, in each case payable within 183 days of issuance, so long as the commercial paper and or the debt obligations of such depository institution or trust company (or, in the case of the principal depository institution in a holding company system, the commercial paper or debt obligations of such holding company) at the time of such investment or contractual commitment providing for such investment have the Required Ratings 
 (c) unleveraged repurchase obligations with respect to any security described in clause (a) above, entered into with a depository institution or trust company (acting as principal) described in clause (b) above or entered into with an entity (acting as principal) with, or whose parent company has, the Required Ratings 
 (d) commercial paper or other short term obligations with the Required Ratings and that either bear interest or are sold at a discount from the face amount thereof and have a maturity of not more than 183 days from their date of issuance provided that this clause (d) will not include extendible commercial paper or asset backed commercial paper and 
 (f) money market funds domiciled outside of the United States which funds have, at all times, credit ratings of Aaa-mf by Moody s and AAAm or AAAm G by S&P, respectively 
 provided that Cash and Cash Equivalents shall not include (a) any interest-only security, any security purchased at a price in excess of 100 of the par value thereof or any security whose repayment is subject to substantial non-credit related risk as determined in the sole judgment of the Manager, (b) any security whose rating assigned by S&P includes the subscript f, p, q, pi, r, t or sf (c) any security that is subject to an Offer, (d) any other security that is an asset the payments on which are subject to withholding tax (other than withholding taxes imposed under FATCA) if owned by the Borrower unless the issuer or obligor or other Person (and guarantor, if any) is required to make gross-up payments that cover the full amount of any such withholding taxes or (e) any security secured by real property. 
 CCC Excess means the excess, if any, by which the sum of the Assigned Values of all Special Situation Assets exceeds 7.5 (but not 15 of the Aggregate Assigned Value. 
 Collateral Asset means (i) any asset owned by Borrower that is or was at the time that the Borrower committed to acquire such asset, a First Lien Bank Loan, First Lien Last Out Bank Loan or Second Lien Bank Loan, in each case whether or not given credit in the Borrowing Base or having a positive Advance Rate, and (ii) all Cash and Cash Equivalents owned by Borrower (excluding Excluded Amounts). 
 Collateral Asset Documents means, with respect to any Collateral Asset, all agreements or documents evidencing, guaranteeing, securing, governing or giving rise to such Collateral Asset. 
 Collateral Asset Interest Coverage Ratio means, with respect to any Collateral Asset, the meaning of Interest Coverage Ratio or any comparable definition in the underlying instruments for such Collateral Asset, and in any case that Interest Coverage Ratio or such comparable definition is not defined in such underlying instruments, the ratio of (a) EBITDA for the applicable test period, to (b) Interest Expense for the applicable test period, as calculated by the Manager in good faith using information from and calculations consistent with the relevant compliance statements and financial reporting packages, as applicable, provided by the relevant obligor as per the requirements of the related underlying instruments. 
 4 
 Annex A 

Collateral Asset Net Leverage Ratio means, 
 (a) with respect to any Collateral Asset that is a First Lien Bank Loan or a First Lien Last Out Bank Loan, the Collateral Asset Senior Leverage Ratio and 
 (b) with respect to any other Collateral Asset, the Collateral Asset Total Leverage Ratio. 
 Collateral Asset Senior Leverage Ratio means, with respect to any Collateral Asset, the meaning of Net Senior Leverage Ratio or any comparable definition in the underlying instruments for each such Collateral Asset, and in any case that any such definitions are not defined in such underlying instruments, the ratio of (a) first lien senior secured (or such applicable lien or applicable level within the capital structure) Obligor Indebtedness (including First Lien Last Out Bank Loans) minus Unrestricted Cash, as of the applicable test date, to (b) EBITDA for the applicable test period, as calculated by the Manager in good faith using information from and calculations consistent with the relevant compliance statements and financial reporting packages provided by the relevant obligor as per the requirements of the related underlying instruments. 
 Collateral Asset Total Leverage Ratio means, with respect to any Collateral Asset, the meaning of Total Net Leverage Ratio, Net Leverage Ratio or any comparable definition in the underlying instruments for each such Collateral Asset, and in any case that any such definitions are not defined in such underlying instruments, the ratio of (a) Obligor Indebtedness minus Unrestricted Cash, as of the applicable test date, to (b) EBITDA for the applicable test period, as calculated by the Manager in good faith using information from and calculations consistent with the relevant compliance statements and financial reporting packages provided by the relevant obligor as per the requirements of the related underlying instruments. 
 Collateral Asset Trigger Event means, with respect to any Collateral Asset as determined by the Administrative Agent, (i) a breach of any financial covenant (after giving effect to any grace or cure periods allowed by the terms of the Collateral Asset Documents) (ii) unless waived in writing by the Administrative Agent, the failure by the obligor to deliver any periodic financial reporting package with respect to such Collateral Asset to the Borrower as required by the Collateral Asset Documents after giving effect to any grace or cure period thereunder (iii) unless waived in writing by the Administrative Agent, a Material Modification (iv) solely in the case of any Approval Asset, (A) the Collateral Asset Interest Coverage Ratio (x) has decreased to a level that is less than 85 of the level that existed as of the date the Borrower acquired such Collateral Asset and (y) is less than 1.50x, or (B)(x) the Collateral Asset Net Leverage Ratio has increased to a level that is at least 0.50x higher than the level that existed as of the date the Borrower acquired such Collateral Asset and (y) the Collateral Asset Senior Leverage Ratio is greater than 3.50x or (v) any other trigger event agreed to by Borrower Parent and the Administrative Agent. 
 Collateral Dispute Notice means notice under the Collateral Administration Agreement from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower and the Collateral Administrator (i) asserting that any Eligible Collateral Asset Information (or component thereof or other matter relating to whether a Collateral Asset is an Eligible Collateral Asset) or the determination as to compliance with any of the Portfolio Criteria, or the related determinations with respect to any Collateral Asset underlying such determination as to compliance or eligibility or any calculations with respect to such determination provided by the Borrower or the Manager, is incorrect and (ii) providing the correct information or determination and a reasonable explanation of the basis of such correction. 
 Current Market Price means, on any date of determination 
 (a) with respect to any Collateral Asset that is not an Approval Asset, the Administrative Agent s commercially reasonable determination of the cash proceeds that would 
 5 
 Annex A 

be received from the sale on such date of determination of such Collateral Asset (expressed as a percentage of a principal balance), which shall be the bid price from the applicable Pricing Source, unless the Administrative Agent determines in its commercially reasonable discretion that such bid price does not accurately reflect the value of such Collateral Asset, in which case it shall be the Administrative Agent Assigned Value provided that if the Borrower disputes the determination of the Current Market Price, Borrower shall have the right to submit a Firm Bid to the Administrative Agent no later than 4 00 p.m. (New York time) on the following Business Day and actionable until 5 00 p.m. (New York time) on such day, and if such Firm Bid is so provided by Borrower, then it shall be applied as the Current Market Price until the next Business Day (and otherwise the Administrative Agent s original determination will be used for that day) and 
 (b) with respect to any Collateral Asset that is an Approval Asset, the Administrative Agent s commercially reasonable determination of the cash proceeds that would be received from the sale on such date of determination of such Collateral Asset, which shall be the lower of (i) the bid price from a Pricing Source if available, unless the Administrative Agent determines in its commercially reasonable discretion that such bid price does not accurately reflect the value of such Collateral Asset and (ii) the Administrative Agent Assigned Value provided that if the Borrower disputes the determination of the Current Market Price based on clause (b)(i), Borrower shall have the right to submit a Firm Bid to the Administrative Agent no later than 4 00 p.m. (New York time) on the following Business Day and actionable until 5 00 p.m. (New York time) on such day and if such Firm Bid is so provided by Borrower, then it shall be applied as the Current Market Price until the next Business Day (and otherwise the Administrative Agent s original determination will be used for that day). 
 The Current Market Price will be expressed as a percentage, will be adjusted for or will exclude adjustment for accrued interest in accordance with market convention for the relevant asset. 
 Current Market Value means with respect to any Collateral Asset on any date of determination, the Current Market Price for such Collateral Asset multiplied by the Principal Balance of such Collateral Asset as of such date determined by the Administrative Agent. 
 Defaulted Obligation means any Collateral Asset owned by the Borrower, as of any date of determination 
 (a) a default as to all or any portion of one or more payments of principal and or interest has occurred after the earlier of (i) any grace period applicable thereto and (ii) five Business Days, in each case, past the applicable due date 
 (b) an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the obligor thereof 
 (c) that has an S&P Rating of CC or lower or SD or the obligor has a probability of default rating assigned by Moody s of D or LD , or in each case had such rating immediately before such rating was withdrawn and which has not been reinstated as of the date of determination 
 (d) to the actual knowledge of a Responsible Officer of the Manager, is pari passu with or subordinated to other indebtedness for borrowed money owing by the issuer thereof, to the extent that (x) a payment default of the type described in clause (a) has occurred with respect to such other indebtedness or (y) such other indebtedness has any rating described in clause (c) or had such rating immediately before such rating was withdrawn and which has not been reinstated as of the date of determination or 
 (e) with respect to which a Responsible Officer of the Borrower or the Manager has received written notice or has actual knowledge that a default has 
 6 
 Annex A 

occurred under the Collateral Asset Documents (other than any payment default described in clause (a) of this definition) and any applicable grace period has expired and the holders of such Collateral Asset have accelerated the repayment of such Collateral Asset. 
 The Manager shall give the Collateral Administrator prompt written notice should it become aware that any Collateral Asset has become a Defaulted Obligation. Other than with respect to clause (a) above, until so notified, the Collateral Administrator shall not be deemed to have notice or knowledge to the contrary. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Manager may declare any Collateral Asset to be a Defaulted Obligation if, in the Manager s commercially reasonable business judgment, the credit quality of the obligor of such Collateral Asset has significantly deteriorated such that there is a reasonable expectation of payment default as of the next scheduled payment date with respect to such Collateral Asset. 
 Deferrable Collateral Asset means an obligation which by its terms permits, in whole or in part, the deferral or capitalization of payment of any accrued, unpaid interest. 
 Delayed Drawdown Loan means a Collateral Asset that (a) permits the related obligor to request one or more future advances thereunder, (b) specifies a maximum amount that can be borrowed on one or more fixed borrowing dates and (c) does not permit the re-borrowing of any amount previously repaid by the obligor thereunder provided , that any such Collateral Asset will be a Delayed Drawdown Loan for so long as any future funding obligations remain in effect and only with respect to the portion which constitutes a funding obligation. 
 
 Distressed Exchange Offer means an offer by the issuer of a Collateral Asset to exchange one or more of its outstanding debt obligations for a different debt obligation or to repurchase one of more of its outstanding debt obligations for Cash, or any combination thereof provided that an offer by such issuer to exchange unregistered debt obligations for registered debt obligations shall not be considered a Distressed Exchange Offer. 
 Domicile or Domiciled means, with respect to any issuer of, or obligor with respect to, a Collateral Asset (a) except as provided in clause (b), its country of organization or (b) if it is organized in a Tax Jurisdiction, each of such jurisdiction and the country in which, in the Manager s good faith estimate, a substantial portion of its operations are located or from which a substantial portion of its revenue is derived, in each case directly or through subsidiaries (which will be any jurisdiction and country known at the time of designation by the Manager to be the source of the majority of revenues, if any, of such issuer or obligor). 
 EBITDA means, with respect to any period and any Collateral Asset, the meaning of EBITDA , Adjusted EBITDA or any comparable definition in the underlying instruments for such Collateral Asset (together with all add-backs and exclusions as designated in such Underlying Instruments), and in any case that EBITDA , Adjusted EBITDA or such comparable definition is not defined in such underlying instruments, an amount, for the principal obligor on such Collateral Asset and any of its parents or subsidiaries that are obligated pursuant to the underlying instruments for such Collateral Asset (determined on a consolidated basis without duplication in accordance with GAAP) equal to earnings from continuing operations for such period (without duplication and to the extent deducted in determining such earning), plus (i)(a) net cash interest expense, (b) income taxes (net of refunds), (c) depreciation and amortization for such period (to the extent deducted in determining earnings from continuing operations for such period), (d) amortization of intangibles (including, but not limited to, goodwill, financing fees and other capitalized costs), to the extent not otherwise included in clause (c) above or clause (f) below, (e) extraordinary losses in accordance with GAAP, (f) one-time, non-recurring non-cash charges (other than (A) write downs, write-offs and reserves of account receivable and inventory and (B) non-cash charges that are expected to have future cash outlays) consistent with the compliance statements and financial reporting packages provided by 
 7 
 Annex A 

the obligors and reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent and (g) any other item the Administrative Agent and the Manager mutually deem to be appropriate, minus (without duplication and to the extent included in determining such earnings), (ii)(a) any extraordinary or non-recurring gains for such period and (b) gains from sales or dispositions of assets outside the ordinary course of business, gains from debt retirements, all determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP provided that with respect to any obligor for which four full fiscal quarters of financial data are not available, EBITDA shall be determined for such obligor based on annualizing the financial data from the reporting periods actually available in a manner mutually acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Manager. 
 Eligible Collateral Asset means any Collateral Asset (other than Cash and Cash Equivalents) determined by the Administrative Agent, subject to the terms of the Collateral Administration Agreement, to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria set forth in Annex B . 
 Excluded Amounts means (a) any amount received in the Collection Account with respect to any Collateral Asset included as part of the Collateral, which amount is attributable to the payment of any Taxes, fees or other charges imposed by any governmental authority on such Collateral Asset or on any underlying asset securing such Collateral Asset, (b) any amount received in the Collateral Account (or other applicable account) representing (i) any escrows relating to Taxes in connection with Collateral Assets which are held in an escrow account for the benefit of the obligor and the applicable secured party pursuant to escrow arrangements under a Collateral Asset Document and (ii) any interest or fees (including origination, agency, structuring, management or other upfront fees) that are for the account of the applicable Person from whom the Borrower purchased such Collateral Asset, (c) any amount deposited into the Collateral Account with respect to any Collateral Asset after such Collateral Asset has been included in a Permitted Refinancing Transaction, and (d) any amount deposited into the Collateral Account or the Unfunded Exposure Account in error (including any amounts relating to any portion of an asset sold by the Borrower and occurring after the date of such sale). 
 Firm Bid means, with respect to any Collateral Asset, a bona fide firm bid with respect to such Collateral Asset, with a size equal to or greater than the total notional amount of such Collateral Asset held in the Collateral Account on such day, which shall be provided by an Approved Dealer or other financial institution reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 First Lien Bank Loan means a Bank Loan that (i) is not (and by its terms is not permitted to become) subordinate in right of payment to and does not have a junior lien priority to any other debt for borrowed money incurred by the obligor of such Bank Loan, in each case other than Permitted Obligor Indebtedness, (ii) is secured by a valid first priority perfected security interest or lien on specified collateral (such collateral, together with other attributes of the obligor (including, without limitation, its general financial condition, ability to generate cash flow available for debt service and other demands for that cash flow, and any other pledged assets), having a value (as reasonably determined by the Manager at the time of acquisition, which determination will not be questioned based on subsequent events) equal to or greater than the par amount of the Bank Loan and all other debt of equal or higher seniority secured by the same collateral) securing the obligor s obligations under the Bank Loan, which security interest or lien is subject to customary liens and liens accorded priority by Law and (iii) is not secured solely or primarily by common stock or other equity interests provided , that the limitation set forth in this clause (iii) does not apply with respect to a Bank Loan made to a parent entity that is secured solely or primarily by the stock of one or more of the subsidiaries of such parent entity to the extent that the granting by any such subsidiary of a lien on its own property would violate law or regulations applicable to such subsidiary (whether the obligation secured is such Bank Loan or any other similar type of indebtedness owing to third parties) provided , further that, for the avoidance of doubt, a First Lien Last Out Bank Loan shall not constitute a First Lien Bank Loan unless the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, designates a Bank Loan that would otherwise constitute a First Lien Last Out Bank Loan as a First Lien Loan. 
 8 
 Annex A 

First Lien First Out Bank Loan means a First Lien Bank Loan determined as if the words , in each case other than Permitted Obligor Indebtedness did not appear in clause (i) of the definition thereof. 
 First Lien Last Out Bank Loan means a Bank Loan that satisfies each clause of the definition of First Lien Bank Loan other than clause (i), and fails clause (i) of such definition solely because either (a) such Bank Loan is subordinate in right of payment to and or has a junior lien priority to any other debt for borrowed money that would be Permitted Obligor Indebtedness but for clause (ii) of the definition thereof or (b) any time prior to and or after an event of default under the related underlying instruments of such Bank Loan, such Bank Loan will be paid after one or more tranches of First Lien First Out Bank Loans issued by the same obligor have been paid in full in accordance with a specified waterfall or other priority of payments as specified in the related underlying documents, an agreement among lenders or other comparable applicable agreement provided that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, designate a Bank Loan that would otherwise constitute a First Lien Last Out Bank Loan as a First Lien Loan. 
 Fitch means Fitch, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 Fitch Rating means with respect to any Collateral Asset, as of any date of determination 
 (a) if the Collateral Asset has a monitored rating expressly assigned to a debt obligation (or facility) or a monitored estimated rating expressly assigned to a debt obligation (or facility) by Fitch, such rating 
 (b) if the preceding clause does not apply and Fitch has issued a monitored issuer default rating with respect to the issuer of such Collateral Asset or a guarantor which unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees such Collateral Asset, such issuer default rating and 
 (c) if none of the preceding clauses apply, such Collateral Asset will have no Fitch Rating. 
 Foreign Loan means any Collateral Asset issued by an obligor that is organized in a Tax Jurisdiction and Domiciled in the United States or Canada. 
 Initial Purchase Price means, with respect to any Collateral Asset 
 (a) if newly-originated at the time of purchase by the Borrower, an amount equal to (i) (x) the Principal Balance of the Collateral Asset minus (y) any upfront fees or discounts received or receivable by the Borrower as part of such purchase divided by (ii) such Principal Balance, in each case as at the time of such acquisition or 
 (b) in the case of a Collateral Asset acquired in the secondary market, the purchase price expressed as a percentage of the Principal Balance of the Collateral Asset at the time of such acquisition 
 in each case, expressed as a percentage and no greater than 100.0 provided that, in the case of clause (a) above, any Collateral Asset acquired with an original issue discount of 1 of par or less shall be deemed to have been acquired at par. 
 Interest Expense means, with respect to any Collateral Asset, for the obligor on such Collateral Asset and any of its parents or subsidiaries that are obligated under the underlying instruments for such Collateral Asset (determined on a consolidated basis without duplication in accordance with GAAP), the meaning of Interest or any comparable definition in the underlying instruments for such Collateral Asset and in any case that Interest or such comparable definition is not defined in such underlying instruments, all interest in respect 
 9 
 Annex A 

Obligor Indebtedness (including the interest component of any payments in respect of capital lease obligations) accrued or capitalized during such period (whether or not actually paid during such period). 
 Markit means Markit Group, Ltd. and any successor thereto. 
 Material Modification means, with respect to a Collateral Asset, any amendment or waiver of, or modification or supplement to, the terms of the Collateral Asset on or after the date such Collateral Asset was purchased by the Borrower which 
 (a) other than as permitted by the terms of the Collateral Asset Documents for a Deferrable Collateral Asset as in effect on the date such Collateral Asset was acquired by the Borrower, waives or defers one or more scheduled interest or similar payments due under the underlying instruments of the Collateral Asset 
 (b) results in the contractual or structural subordination of the Collateral Asset 
 (c) substitutes, alters or releases a material portion of the assets securing the Collateral Asset 
 (d) delays or extends the maturity of the Collateral Asset or 
 (e) amends, waives or otherwise modifies any financial covenant required by the Collateral Asset Documents of the Collateral Asset (including without limitation any covenant (including relevant definitions) with respect to the Collateral Asset interest coverage ratio, Collateral Asset net senior leverage ratio or Collateral Asset total net leverage ratio) in a manner that adversely affects the value of such Collateral Asset (as determined in the commercially reasonably discretion of the Administrative Agent), unless waived or consented to by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 Moody s Rating means, respect to any Collateral Asset, as of any date of determination 
 (a) if such Collateral Asset has a monitored rating, an unpublished monitored rating expressly assigned to a debt obligation (or facility), or a monitored estimated rating expressly assigned to a debt obligation (or facility) by Moody s that addresses the full amount of the principal and interest promised, such rating 
 
 (b) if the preceding clause does not apply and the obligor of such Collateral Asset has a monitored corporate family rating by Moody s, such corporate family rating and 
 (c) if none of the preceding clauses apply, such Collateral Asset will have no Moody s Rating. 
 Non-Agented One Bid Asset means any Collateral Asset priced by only one independent source (as evidenced by data from the applicable Pricing Source or a quotation from an Approved Dealer) that is not agented by an Approved Dealer. 
 Non-Qualifying Assets has the meaning specified in Annex B . 
 Obligor Indebtedness means, with respect to any obligor under any Collateral Asset, for the purposes of the definitions of Collateral Asset Interest Coverage Ratio and Collateral 
 10 
 Annex A 

Asset Net Leverage Ratio , the meaning of Indebtedness or any comparable definition in the underlying instruments for such Collateral Asset (together with the adjustments designated in such underlying instruments for purposes of calculating Net Senior Leverage Ratio, Total Net Leverage Ratio, Net Leverage Ratio or comparable definition in such underlying instruments), and in any case that Indebtedness or such comparable definition is not defined in such underlying instruments, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such entity for borrowed money or with respect to deposits or advances of any kind, (b) all obligations of such entity evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such entity under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such entity, (d) all obligations of such entity in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding current accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (e) all indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property owned or acquired by such entity, whether or not the indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed, (f) all guarantees by such entity of indebtedness of others, (g) all capital lease obligations of such entity, (h) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such entity as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty and (i) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such entity in respect of bankers acceptances. 
 Offer means, with respect to any security or debt obligation, any offer by the issuer of such security or borrower with respect to such debt obligation or by any other Person made to all of the holders of such security or debt obligation to purchase or otherwise acquire such security or debt obligation (other than pursuant to any redemption in accordance with the terms of any related Reference Instrument or for the purpose of registering the security or debt obligation) or to exchange such security or debt obligation for any other security, debt obligation, Cash or other property. 
 Partial PIK Asset means any Collateral Asset with respect to which (i) the related Collateral Asset Documents require a portion of the interest due thereon to be paid in cash at least semi-annually and do not permit such portion to be deferred or capitalized, (ii) such Collateral Asset Documents permit the obligor thereon to defer or capitalize the remaining portion of the interest due thereon and (iii) the interest rate applicable thereto required to be paid in cash is greater than LIBOR, or such other floating rate benchmark as may be applicable to such Collateral Asset, plus 2.50 . 
 Participating Member State means any member state of the European Union that has the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union. 
 Performing means, with respect to any Collateral Asset, such Collateral Asset is not a Defaulted Obligation and, other than a Partial PIK Asset, is not subject to any pay-in-kind or deferral of interest provision. 
 Permitted Obligor Indebtedness means Obligor Indebtedness that (i) is secured by all or a portion of the assets of the related obligor and (ii) has a ratio of the maximum aggregate principal amount outstanding or available to be drawn under the applicable underlying instruments to EBITDA of such obligor (based on the most recently available quarterly financial statements of such obligor received by the Borrower at the time of acquisition of such Collateral Asset by the Borrower) not greater than 1.0x or, with respect to any Collateral Asset, such greater amount as the Administrative Agent may permit with respect to such Collateral Asset in its sole discretion. 
 Pricing Source means Markit, the Loan Pricing Corporation or another price source or method of price determination acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its discretion. 
 11 
 Annex A 

Principal Balance means, with respect to any Collateral Asset as of any date, the outstanding principal balance of such Collateral Asset exclusive of any unfunded amounts with respect to any Revolving Loan or Delayed Draw Loan. 
 Qualified Appraisal means, with respect to any Collateral Asset, an appraisal with respect to such Collateral Asset, which shall be provided by an Approved Valuation Provider or another valuation firm reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and shall reflect the most recently available financial information with respect to the obligor of such Collateral Asset. 
 Required Ratings means (a) If such obligation or security (i) has both a long term and a short term credit rating from Moody s, such ratings are Aa3 or higher (not on credit watch for possible downgrade) and P-1 (not on credit watch for possible downgrade), respectively, (ii) has only a long term credit rating from Moody s, such rating is at least equal to or higher than the current Moody s long term ratings of the U.S. government, and (iii) has only a short term credit rating from Moody s, such rating is P-1 (not on credit watch for possible downgrade) and (b) a long-term senior unsecured debt rating of at least AA- (not on credit watch for possible downgrade) and a short-term credit rating of at least A-1 by S&P (or, if such institution has no short-term credit rating, a long-term senior unsecured debt rating of at least AA (not on credit watch for possible downgrade) by S&P). 
 Revolving Loan means a Collateral Asset that specifies a maximum aggregate amount that can be borrowed by the related obligor and permits such obligor to re-borrow any amount previously borrowed and subsequently repaid during the term of such Collateral Asset provided that any such Collateral Asset shall only be a Revolving Loan until all commitments by the Borrower to make advances to the obligor thereof expire, or are terminated, or are irrevocably reduced to zero. 
 
 S&P means S&P Global Ratings, an S&P Global business, and any successor thereto. 
 S&P Industry Classification means the industry classifications set forth below, as such industry classifications may be updated at the option of the Manager if S&P publishes revised industry classifications 
 Industry Code Description Industry Code Description 1020000 Energy Equipment & Services 5220000 Personal Products 1030000 Oil, Gas & Consumable Fuels 6020000 Health Care Equipment & Supplies 1033403 Mortgage Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) 6030000 Health Care Providers & Services 2020000 Chemicals 9551729 Health Care Technology 2030000 Construction Materials 6110000 Biotechnology 2040000 Containers & Packaging 6120000 Pharmaceuticals 2050000 Metals & Mining 9551727 Life Sciences Tools & Services 2060000 Paper & Forest Products 7011000 Banks 3020000 Aerospace & Defense 7020000 Thrifts & Mortgage Finance 3030000 Building Products 7110000 Diversified Financial Services 3040000 Construction & Engineering 7120000 Consumer Finance 3050000 Electrical Equipment 7130000 Capital Markets 3060000 Industrial Conglomerates 7210000 Insurance 3070000 Machinery 7311000 Equity REITs 
 12 
 Annex A 

3080000 Trading Companies & Distributors 7310000 Real Estate Management & Development 3110000 Commercial Services & Supplies 8030000 IT Services 9612010 Professional Services 8040000 Software 3210000 Air Freight & Logistics 8110000 Communications Equipment 3220000 Airlines 8120000 Technology Hardware, Storage & Peripherals 3230000 Marine 8130000 Electronic Equipment, Instruments & Components 3240000 Road & Rail 8210000 Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment 3250000 Transportation Infrastructure 9020000 Diversified Telecommunication Services 4011000 Auto Components 9030000 Wireless Telecommunication Services 4020000 Automobiles 9520000 Electric Utilities 4110000 Household Durables 9530000 Gas Utilities 4120000 Leisure Products 9540000 Multi-Utilities 4130000 Textiles, Apparel & Luxury Goods 9550000 Water Utilities 4210000 Hotels, Restaurants & Leisure 9551702 Independent Power and Renewable Electricity Producers 9551701 Diversified Consumer Services PF1 Project Finance Industrial Equipment 4310000 Media PF2 Projection Finance Leisure and Gaming 4300001 Entertainment PF3 Project Finance Natural Resources and Mining 4300002 Interactive Media and Services PF4 Project Finance Oil and Gas 4410000 Distributors PF5 Project Finance Power 
 4420000 Internet and Direct Marketing Retail PF6 Project Finance Public Finance and Real Estate 
 4430000 Multiline Retail PF7 Project Finance Telecommunications 
 4440000 Specialty Retail PF8 Project Finance Transport 
 5020000 Food & Staples Retailing IPF International Public Finance 
 5110000 Beverages 
 5120000 Food Products 
 5130000 Tobacco 
 5210000 Household Products 

S&P Rating means, with respect to any Collateral Asset, as of any date of determination 
 (a) if such Collateral Asset has a monitored rating expressly assigned to a debt obligation (or facility) or a monitored estimated rating expressly assigned to a debt obligation (or facility) by S&P, such rating 
 13 
 Annex A 

(b) if the preceding clause does not apply and there is a monitored S&P long-term issuer credit rating of the issuer or of a guarantor of such Collateral Asset that unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees in writing the timely payment of principal and interest on such Collateral Asset (which form of guarantee shall comply with S&P then current criteria on guarantees), such long-term issuer credit rating of the issuer or guarantor, as applicable and 
 (c) if none of the preceding clauses apply, such Collateral Asset will have no S&P Rating. 
 Second Lien Bank Loan means a Bank Loan that (i) is not (and by its terms is not permitted to become) subordinate in right of payment to any other debt for borrowed money incurred by the obligor of the Bank Loan, other than a First Lien Bank Loan (including following a default or liquidation as provided in the definition of First Lien Bank Loan ), a Working Capital Revolver or a First Lien Last Out Bank Loan, (ii) is secured by a valid and perfected security interest or lien on specified collateral (such collateral, together with any other pledged assets and other attributes of the obligor (including, without limitation, its general financial condition, ability to generate cash flow available for debt service and other demands for that cash flow), having a value (as reasonably determined by the Manager at the time of acquisition, which determination will not be questioned based on subsequent events) equal to or greater than the par amount of the Bank Loan and any other senior or pari passu debt) securing the obligor s obligations under the Bank Loan, which security interest or lien is not subordinate to the security interest or lien securing any other debt for borrowed money other than customary liens, liens accorded priority by law, a First Lien Bank Loan, a Working Capital Revolver or a First Lien Last Out Bank Loan, (iii) is not secured solely or primarily by common stock or other equity interests provided, that the limitation set forth in this clause (iii) does not apply with respect to a Bank Loan made to a parent entity that is secured solely or primarily by the stock of one or more of the subsidiaries of such parent entity to the extent that the granting by any such subsidiary of a lien on its own property would violate law or regulations applicable to such subsidiary (whether the obligation secured is such Bank Loan or any other similar type of indebtedness owing to third parties) and (iv) would not meet the requirements set forth in the proviso to the definition of First Lien Bank Loan. 
 Special Situation Asset means any Collateral Asset that has (i) a Moody s Rating below B3, (ii) an S&P Rating below B- or (iii) a Fitch Rating below B- provided that (1) if any Collateral Asset had any such lower rating described in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) immediately before such rating was withdrawn following the date of its acquisition by the Borrower, such Collateral Asset is a Special Situation Asset and (2) except as provided in clause (1), a Collateral Asset will not be a Special Situation Asset solely because of the absence of a rating by any one or two of Moody s, S&P and Fitch. 
 Structured Finance Security means any security that is primarily serviced by or linked to the cash flows of a pool of receivables or other financial assets, either fixed or revolving, plus any rights or other assets designed to assure the servicing or timely distributions of proceeds to the security holders, including without limitation any synthetic CDO , credit-linked note or similar credit-linked loan or obligation. 
 Tax Jurisdiction means (a) a tax-advantaged sovereign jurisdiction that is commonly used as the place of organization of special purpose vehicles (including but not limited to the Bahamas, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands, the Channel Islands, Jersey, Luxembourg, Singapore, Curacao, St. Maarten or the U.S. Virgin Islands) or (b) any other tax-advantaged jurisdiction of which Administrative Agent provides its consent. 
 Unfunded Exposure Amount means, as of any date of determination with respect to any Revolving Loan or Delayed Drawdown Loan that is a Collateral Asset, the sum of the unfunded commitments and all other standby or contingent commitments associated with such Collateral Asset as of such date. The Unfunded Exposure Amount shall not include any commitments 
 14 
 Annex A 

under such Revolving Loan or Delayed Drawdown Loan that have expired, terminated or been reduced to zero, and shall be reduced concurrently (and upon notice thereof to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Administrator) with each documented reduction in commitments of the Borrower under such Revolving Loan or Delayed Drawdown Loan. 
 Unfunded Exposure Equity Amount means, as of any date of determination, with respect to any Revolving Loan or Delayed Drawdown Loan that is a Collateral Asset, an amount equal to the difference of (i) the Unfunded Exposure Amount of such Collateral Asset and (ii) the product of (a) the Assigned Value Percentage of such Collateral Asset, (b) the Unfunded Exposure Amount of such Collateral Asset and (c) the Advance Rate of such Collateral Asset. 
 Unrated Asset means any Collateral Asset that is unrated by each of Moody s, S&P and Fitch provided that if a Collateral Asset that is currently unrated had the rating of a Special Situation Asset immediately before such rating was withdrawn following the date of its acquisition by the Borrower, such Collateral Asset shall be a Special Situation Asset. 
 Unrestricted Cash means, with respect to any Collateral Asset, the meaning of Unrestricted Cash or any comparable definition in the underlying instruments for the applicable Collateral Asset, and in any case that Unrestricted Cash or such comparable definition is not defined in such underlying instruments, all cash available for use for general corporate purposes and not held in any reserve account or legally or contractually restricted for any particular purposes or subject to any lien (other than blanket liens permitted under or granted in accordance with such underlying instruments). 
 Working Capital Revolver means a revolving lending facility secured on a first lien basis solely by all or a portion of the current assets of the related obligor, which current assets subject to such security interest do not constitute a material portion of the obligor s total assets (it being understood that such revolving lending facility may be secured on a junior lien basis by other assets of the related obligor). 
 Zero Bid Asset means any Collateral Asset that is not priced by at least one independent source (as evidenced by data from the applicable Pricing Source). 

15 
 Annex A 

ANNEX D 

SPECIAL PURPOSE ENTITY REQUIREMENTS 
 For so long as any Obligation is outstanding (other than contingent and unasserted reimbursement and indemnification obligations), the Borrower shall 
 (1) not enter into any contract or agreement with any of its Affiliates, except upon terms and conditions that are commercially reasonable and substantially similar to those available in an arm s-length transaction with an unrelated party except as otherwise contemplated by the Loan Documents 
 (2) pay all of its debts and liabilities from its assets, except as otherwise contemplated by the Loan Documents 
 (3) do or cause to be done all things necessary to observe all organizational formalities applicable to it and to preserve its separate existence 
 (4) maintain its own separate books and records and bank accounts 
 (5) maintain separate financial statements, except to the extent that the Borrower s financial and operating results are consolidated with those of the Borrower Parent in consolidated financial statements 
 (6) file its own tax returns, if any, as required under applicable Law and pay any Taxes so required to be paid by it under applicable Law in accordance with the terms of this Agreement 
 (7) hold itself out to the public and all other Persons as an entity separate from the Borrower Parent (other than with respect to its status as disregarded as an entity separate from Borrower Parent for U.S. federal income tax purposes) and any other Person (although, in connection with certain advertising and marketing, it may be identified as a subsidiary of the Borrower Parent) 
 (8) correct any known misunderstanding regarding its status as a separate entity (other than with respect to its status as disregarded as an entity separate from Borrower Parent for U.S. federal income tax purposes) 
 (9) conduct its business in its own name (although, in connection with certain advertising and marketing, the Borrower may be identified as a subsidiary of the Borrower Parent) 
 (10) not identify itself or any of its Affiliates as a division or part of the other (for the avoidance of doubt, other than by the Borrower s inclusion in the consolidated financial statements of the Borrower Parent in accordance with clause (5) or with respect to its status as disregarded as an entity separate from Borrower Parent for U.S. federal income tax purposes) 
 (11) to the extent used, maintain and utilize separate stationery, invoices and checks bearing its own name (although, in connection with certain regulatory filings, advertising and marketing, the Borrower may be identified as a subsidiary of the Borrower Parent) 
 1 
 Annex D 

(12) not commingle its assets with those of any other Person and hold all of its assets in its own name, except as contemplated by the Loan Documents 
 (13) not guarantee or become obligated for the debts of any other Person, except as contemplated by the Loan Documents 
 (14) not hold itself out as being responsible for the debts or obligations of any other Person, except as contemplated by the Loan Documents 
 (15) allocate fairly and reasonably any overhead expenses that are shared with an Affiliate, including paying for office space and services performed by any employee of an Affiliate 
 (16) not pledge its assets to secure the obligations of any other Person, except as contemplated by the Loan Documents 
 (17) maintain adequate capital in light of its contemplated business operations 
 (18) maintain a sufficient number of employees (which could be zero) in light of its contemplated business operations and pay the salaries of its own employees from its own funds 
 (19) not own any subsidiary or any equity interest in any other entity except to the extent acquired in a bankruptcy, workout or restructuring (which equity may be held through one or more tax blocker subsidiaries to the extent necessary to avoid adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to Borrower Parent or causing the Borrower or Borrower Parent to become subject to tax in a jurisdiction outside of the United States, in either case, with respect to the net income of the issuer of such equity) and as otherwise permitted hereunder 
 (20) not incur any Indebtedness other than Indebtedness that is permitted under the Loan Documents 
 (21) not have any of its obligations guaranteed by an Affiliate, except as contemplated by the Loan Documents and 
 (22) not engage in any business other than acquisition, sale and ownership of the Collateral Assets and not own any assets or property other than the Collateral and as expressly permitted hereunder. 
 (23) The Company shall at all times conduct its business so that any assumptions made with respect to the Company in the substantive non-consolidation opinion letter delivered in connection with the Loan Documents will continue to be true and correct. 
 (24) The Company is and will be in compliance in all material respects with, and neither the Borrower Parent nor any of its affiliates will cause the Company to be in violation of its Limited Liability Company Agreement, and neither the Borrower Parent nor the Company shall amend, alter, change or supplement the Limited Liability Company Agreement without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. 
 
 2 
 Annex D 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.106>
 3
 bxsl-20221231xex10106.htm
 EX-10.106

Document 
 EX 10.10.6 EXECUTION VERSION 

 This SIXTH AMENDMENT TO THE REVOLVING CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT (this Amendment ), dated as of February 28, 2022 (the Amendment Date ), is entered into by and among BGSL BRECKENRIDGE FUNDING LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as the borrower (the Borrower ), the LENDERS party to the Revolving Credit Agreement, BNP PARIBAS, as the administrative agent (the Administrative Agent ), BLACKSTONE SECURED LENDING FUND, a Delaware statutory trust, as the equityholder (in such capacity, the Equityholder ), BLACKSTONE SECURED LENDING FUND, a Delaware statutory trust, as the servicer (in such capacity, the Servicer ), and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as collateral agent (the Collateral Agent ). 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto, the Administrative Agent, the Equityholder, the Servicer and the Collateral Agent are party to the Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2018 (as amended from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Revolving Credit Agreement and 
 WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to amend the Revolving Credit Agreement, in accordance with Section 13.01(b) of the Revolving Credit Agreement subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows 
 ARTICLE I Definitions 
 SECTION 1.1. Defined Terms . Terms used but not defined herein have the respective meanings given to such terms in the Revolving Credit Agreement. 
 ARTICLE II Amendments to Revolving Credit Agreement 
 SECTION 1.1. As of the Amendment Date, the Revolving Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text and to add the bold and double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example bold and double-underlined text as set forth on the pages attached as Appendix A hereto. 
 ARTICLE III 
 Representations and Warranties 
 SECTION 1.1. The Borrower and the Equityholder hereby represent and warrant to the Administrative Agent and the Lender that, as of the Amendment Date, (i) no Default, Event of Default, Potential Servicer Removal Event or Servicer Removal Event has occurred and is continuing and (ii) the representations and warranties of the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder contained in Sections 4.01, 4.02 and 4.03 of the Revolving Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Amendment Date (other than any representation and warranty that is made as of a specific date). 

ARTICLE IV Conditions Precedent 
 SECTION 1.1. This Amendment will be effective upon the satisfaction of each of the following conditions 
 (a) the Administrative Agent has received satisfactory evidence that the Borrower has obtained all required consents and approvals of all Persons to the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and 
 (b) all fees due and owing to the Administrative Agent and each Lender on or prior to the Amendment Date have been paid. 
 ARTICLE V Miscellaneous 
 SECTION 1.1. Governing Law . THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 SECTION 1.2. Severability Clause . In case any provision in this Amendment deemed to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Amendment remain in full force and effect. 
 SECTION 1.3. Ratification . Except as expressly amended hereby, the Revolving Credit Agreement is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof will remain in full force and effect. When effective, this Amendment will form a part of the Revolving Credit Agreement for all purposes. 
 SECTION 1.4. Counterparts . The parties hereto may sign one or more copies of this Amendment in counterparts, all of which together constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by facsimile or email transmission is effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. This Amendment shall be valid, binding and enforceable against a party when executed and delivered by an authorized individual on behalf of the party by means of (i) an original manual signature (ii) a faxed, scanned or photocopied manual signature or (iii) any other electronic signature permitted by the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and or any other relevant electronic signatures law, including any relevant provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code (collectively, Signature Law ), in each case, to the extent applicable provided that no electronic signatures may be affixed through the use of a third-party service provider. Each faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any other party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, original manual signatures shall be used for execution or indorsement of writings when required under the Uniform Commercial Code or other Signature Law due to the character or intended character of the writings. 
 2 

SECTION 1.5. Headings . The headings of the Articles and Sections in this Amendment are for convenience of reference only and are not deemed to alter or affect the meaning or interpretation of any provisions hereof. 
 SECTION 1.6. Direction to Execute . The Administrative Agent hereby authorizes and directs the Collateral Agent to execute this Amendment. 
 Signature Pages Follow 
 3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the Amendment Date. 
 BORROWER 
 BGSL BRECKENRIDGE FUNDING LLC 
 By s Marisa J. Beeney Name Marisa J. Beeney Title Authorized Signatory 

Signature Page to Sixth Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

EQUITYHOLDER 
 BLACKSTONE SECURED LENDING FUND , as Equityholder 
 By s Marisa J. Beeney Name Marisa J. Beeney Title Authorized Signatory 
 SERVICER 
 BLACKSTONE SECURED LENDING FUND , as Servicer 
 By s Marisa J. Beeney Name Marisa J. Beeney Title Authorized Signatory 
 Signature Page to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 BNP PARIBAS , as Administrative Agent 
 By s Meredith Middleton Name Meredith Middleton Title Director 
 By s Sohaib Naim Name Sohaib Naim Title Director 
 LENDER 
 BNP PARIBAS , as Lender 
 By s Meredith Middleton Name Meredith Middleton Title Director 
 By s Sohaib Naim Name Sohaib Naim Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to Sixth Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

COLLATERAL AGENT 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 By s Scott Little Name Scott Little Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Sixth Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

APPENDIX A 

EXECUTION VERSION 
 Conformed through Fifth Sixth Amendment, dated October 5 February 28 , 2021 2022 

EXECUTION VERSION 
 Conformed through Fifth Sixth Amendment, dated October 5 February 28 , 2021 2022 

 REVOLVING CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 among 
 BGSL BRECKENRIDGE FUNDING LLC, as Borrower, 
 THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTIES HERETO, 
 BNP PARIBAS, as Administrative Agent, 
 BLACKSTONE SECURED LENDING FUND, as Equityholder, 
 BLACKSTONE SECURED LENDING FUND, as Servicer, 
 and 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Agent 
 Dated as of December 21, 2018 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS RULES OF CONSTRUCTION COMPUTATIONS 
 Section 1.01 Definitions 1 
 Section 1.02 Rules of Construction 50 53 
 Section 1.03 Computation of Time Periods 50 54 
 Section 1.04 Collateral Value Calculation Procedures 51 54 
 ARTICLE II ADVANCES 
 Section 2.01 Revolving Credit Facility 52 56 
 Section 2.02 Requests for Collateral Loan Approval 53 57 
 Section 2.03 Making of the Advances 55 58 
 Section 2.04 Evidence of Indebtedness 56 59 
 Section 2.05 Payment of Principal and Interest 56 60 
 Section 2.06 Prepayment of Advances 57 60 
 Section 2.07 Changes of Commitments 57 61 
 Section 2.08 Maximum Lawful Rate 58 62 
 Section 2.09 Several Obligations 58 62 
 Section 2.10 Increased Costs 58 62 
 Section 2.11 Compensation Breakage Payments 60 63 
 Section 2.12 Illegality Inability to Determine Rates 60 64 
 Section 2.13 Rescission or Return of Payment 60 64 
 Section 2.14 Post-Default Interest 60 64 
 Section 2.15 Payments Generally 61 64 
 Section 2.16 Extension of Commitment Termination Date 61 65 
 Section 2.17 Defaulting Lenders 62 66 
 Section 2.18 LIBOR Discontinuation 63 Effect of Benchmark Transition Event 67 
 ARTICLE III CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 Section 3.01 Conditions Precedent to Initial Advance 64 75 
 Section 3.02 Conditions Precedent to Each Advance 66 77 
 ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 Section 4.01 Representations and Warranties of the Borrower 67 78 
 Section 4.02 Representations and Warranties of the Servicer 72 82 
 Section 4.03 Representations and Warranties of the Equityholder 74 84 
 -i- 

ARTICLE V COVENANTS 
 Section 5.01 Affirmative Covenants of the Borrower 76 86 
 Section 5.02 Covenants of the Servicer 80 90 
 Section 5.03 Negative Covenants of the Borrower 83 93 
 Section 5.04 Covenants of the Equityholder 85 96 
 Section 5.05 Certain Undertakings Relating to Separateness 86 97 
 ARTICLE VI EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 Section 6.01 Events of Default 88 99 
 Section 6.02 OC Ratio Posting Payments 92 102 
 ARTICLE VII PLEDGE OF COLLATERAL RIGHTS OF THE COLLATERAL AGENT 
 Section 7.01 Grant of Security 92 102 
 Section 7.02 Release of Security Interest 93 103 
 Section 7.03 Rights and Remedies 93 104 
 Section 7.04 Remedies Cumulative 96 106 
 Section 7.05 Related Documents 96 107 
 Section 7.06 Borrower Remains Liable 97 107 
 Section 7.07 Protection of Collateral 97 107 
 ARTICLE VIII ACCOUNTS, ACCOUNTINGS AND RELEASES 
 Section 8.01 Collection of Money 98 108 
 Section 8.02 Collateral Account and Collection Account 98 109 
 Section 8.03 Payment Account 99 110 
 Section 8.04 The Revolving Reserve Account Fundings 99 110 
 Section 8.05 Reserved 100 111 
 Section 8.06 Reinvestment of Funds in Covered Accounts Reports by Collateral Agent 100 111 
 Section 8.07 Accountings 101 112 
 Section 8.08 Release of Collateral 103 113 
 Section 8.09 Reports by Independent Accountants 104 114 
 ARTICLE IX APPLICATION OF MONIES 
 Section 9.01 Disbursements of Monies from Payment Account 105 115 
 -ii- 

ARTICLE X SALE OF COLLATERAL LOANS PURCHASE OF ADDITIONAL COLLATERAL LOANS 
 Section 10.01 Sales of Collateral Loans 109 119 
 Section 10.02 Purchase of Additional Collateral Loans 110 120 
 Section 10.03 Conditions Applicable to All Sale and Purchase Transactions 110 121 
 Section 10.04 Additional Equity Contributions 111 121 
 ARTICLE XI ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICING OF CONTRACTS 
 Section 11.01 Appointment and Designation of the Servicer 111 122 
 Section 11.02 Duties of the Servicer 113 123 
 Section 11.03 Authorization of the Servicer 115 125 
 Section 11.04 Collection Efforts, Modification of Collateral 116 126 
 Section 11.05 Servicer Compensation 116 126 
 Section 11.06 The Servicer Not to Resign 116 126 
 ARTICLE XII THE AGENTS 
 Section 12.01 Authorization and Action 116 127 
 Section 12.02 Delegation of Duties 118 128 
 Section 12.03 Agents Reliance, Etc. 118 128 
 Section 12.04 Indemnification 120 130 
 Section 12.05 Successor Agents 120 131 
 Section 12.06 The Collateral Agent 121 131 
 ARTICLE XIII MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 13.01 No Waiver Modifications in Writing 123 133 
 Section 13.02 Notices, Etc. 124 134 
 Section 13.03 Taxes 124 135 
 Section 13.04 Costs and Expenses Indemnification 128 139 
 Section 13.05 Execution in Counterparts 130 140 
 Section 13.06 Assignability 130 140 
 Section 13.07 Governing Law 132 142 
 Section 13.08 Severability of Provisions 132 143 
 Section 13.09 Confidentiality 132 143 
 Section 13.10 Merger 133 144 
 Section 13.11 Survival 133 144 
 Section 13.12 Submission to Jurisdiction Waivers Etc. 134 144 
 Section 13.13 Waiver of Jury Trial 135 145 
 Section 13.14 Right of Setoff Payments Pro Rata 135 145 
 Section 13.15 PATRIOT Act Notice 136 146 
 Section 13.16 Legal Holidays 136 146 
 -iii- 

Section 13.17 Limited Recourse Non-Petition 136 146 
 Section 13.18 Waiver of Setoff 137 147 
 Section 13.19 Collateral Agent Execution and Delivery 137 147 
 Section 13.20 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions 137 147 
 Section 13.21 WAIVER OF SOVEREIGN IMMUNITY 138 148 
 Section 13.22 Risk Retention 138 148 
 Section 13.23 EU Due Diligence Requirements. 139 149 
 Section 13.24 Compliance with the Securitisation Regulation 139 149 
 Section 13.25 Adequacy of Monetary Damages Against the Lenders 139 150 
 
 SCHEDULES 
 Schedule 1 Commitments and Percentages 
 Schedule 2 S&P Industry Classifications 
 Schedule 3 Initial Collateral Loans 
 Schedule 4 Moody s Industry Classifications 
 Schedule 5 Notice Information 
 Schedule 6 Authorized Signatories 
 Schedule 7 Diversity Score 
 Schedule 8 Moody s RiskCalc 
 Schedule 9 Initial Asset List 
 EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit A Form of Note 
 Exhibit B Form of Notice of Borrowing (with attached form of Borrowing Base Calculation Statement) 
 Exhibit C Form of Notice of Prepayment 
 Exhibit D Form of Assignment and Acceptance 
 Exhibit E Reserved 
 Exhibit F Agreed-Upon Procedures 
 Exhibit G Form of Extension Request 
 Exhibit H Form of Data Report 
 Exhibit I Form of Approval Request 
 
 -iv- 

REVOLVING CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 REVOLVING CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of December 21, 2018, as amended on the First Amendment Date, the Second Amendment Date, the Third Amendment Date, the Fourth Amendment Date and the Fifth Amendment Date, among BGSL BRECKENRIDGE FUNDING LLC , a Delaware limited liability company, as borrower (the Borrower ), the LENDERS from time to time party hereto, BNP PARIBAS BNP ), as administrative agent for the Secured Parties (as hereinafter defined) (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), BLACKSTONE SECURED LENDING FUND , a Delaware statutory trust (in such capacity, the Equityholder ), BLACKSTONE SECURED LENDING FUND , a Delaware statutory trust, as servicer (in such capacity, the Servicer ), and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION Wells Fargo ), as collateral agent for the Secured Parties (as hereinafter defined) (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent ). 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower desires that the Lenders make advances on a revolving basis to the Borrower on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement and 
 WHEREAS, each Lender is willing to make such advances to the Borrower on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 ARTICLE VI DEFINITIONS RULES OF CONSTRUCTION COMPUTATIONS 
 SECTION 1.1. Definitions . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated 
 Account Control Agreement means that certain Account Control Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Borrower, the Servicer, the Collateral Agent and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Securities Intermediary, which agreement relates to the Covered Accounts. 
 Adjusted Principal Balance means, for any Eligible Collateral Loan, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the Loan Value of such Eligible Collateral Loan as of such date multiplied by the Principal Balance of such Eligible Collateral Loan as of such date provided that, the parties hereby agree that the Adjusted Principal Balance of any Collateral Loan that is not an Eligible Collateral Loan as of such date of determination shall be zero. 
 Administrative Agent has the meaning assigned to such term in the introduction to this Agreement. 
 Administrative Expense Cap means, for any Payment Date, an amount not to exceed 200,000 for any twelve (12) month period. 

Administrative Expenses means the fees and expenses (including indemnities) and other amounts of the Borrower due or accrued with respect to any Payment Date and payable in the following order 
 (a) first , to the Collateral Agent, the Custodian and the Securities Intermediary, any amounts and indemnities payable to such entities pursuant to the Facility Documents and 
 (b) second , on a pro rata basis, to 
 (i) the Independent Accountants, agents (other than the Servicer) and outside counsel of the Borrower for fees and expenses related to the Collateral and the Facility Documents and to the Independent Manager of the Borrower for its fees and expenses incurred in acting in such capacity and 
 (ii) to any rating agency for fees and expenses in connection with the rating of (or provision of credit estimates in respect of) any Collateral Loan. 
 Advance means each loan advanced by each Lender to the Borrower on a Borrowing Date pursuant to Article II. 
 Advance Rate means, with respect to any Collateral Loan, the corresponding percentage for the loan type set forth in the below table corresponding to the Loan Type and Sub-Category of such Collateral Loan, subject to the exceptions and adjustments set forth immediately following such table 
 Loan Type that are not Recurring Revenue Loans 
 Sub-Category Advance Rate First Lien BSLs 
 75 Second Lien BSLs 
 45 First Lien Middle Market Loans 
 whose Obligors have an EBITDA of greater than 25,000,000 (as of the date such Collateral Loan is acquired) 70 First Lien Middle Market Loans 
 whose Obligors have an EBITDA of less than or equal to 25,000,000 (as of the date such Collateral Loan is acquired) 65 Second Lien Middle Market Loans 
 30 First Lien Last Out Loans 
 First Lien Last Out Category A Loans 60 First Lien Last Out Loans 
 First Lien Last Out Category B Loans 50 First Lien Last Out Loans 
 First Lien Last Out Category C Loans 45 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the table above, the portion of First Lien Middle Market Loans with a Paid Senior Net Leverage Ratio up to 5.0x will be assigned an Advance Rate of 70 or 65 (as applicable pursuant to the above chart) and portions above 5.0x will be assigned an Advance Rate of 45 . 
 Notwithstanding the percentages set forth in the preceding table 
 -2- 

(a) the Advance Rate of any First Lien Middle Market Loan with a Paid Senior Net Leverage Ratio exceeding the First Lien Senior Leverage Cut-Off will be a blended rate, calculated as follows 
 (i) the portion of such First Lien Middle Market Loan with a Paid Senior Net Leverage Ratio up to the First Lien Senior Leverage Cut-Off will be assigned the percentage set forth in the preceding table corresponding to First Lien Middle Market Loans of the Sub-Category applicable to such Collateral Loan 
 (ii) the portion of such First Lien Middle Market Loan with a Paid Senior Net Leverage Ratio above the First Lien Senior Leverage Cut-Off up to the First Lien Senior Leverage Cap will be assigned an Advance Rate of 40 and 
 (iii) the portion of such First Lien Middle Market Loan with a Paid Senior Net Leverage Ratio above the First Lien Senior Leverage Cap will be assigned an Advance Rate of zero 
 (b) for the purposes of determining Advance Rates, the Paid Senior Net Leverage Ratio of a Collateral Loan will be determined as of the date such Collateral Loan is acquired 
 (c) if such Collateral Loan is a Cap Adjusted Loan, the Administrative Agent may further increase the Advance Rate otherwise applicable to such Collateral Loan in its sole discretion and 
 (d) if such Collateral Loan is a First Lien Loan or a First Lien Last Out Loan that is a Recurring Revenue Loan, the Administrative Agent will assign an Advance Rate in its sole discretion. 
 Affected Person means (a) the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each of their respective Affiliates and (b) any assignee or participant of any Lender (unless the benefit of any particular provision hereof to any such Affected Person is otherwise expressly excluded herein). 
 Affiliate means, in respect of a referenced Person at any time, another Person Controlling, Controlled by or under common Control with such referenced Person but which shall not, with respect to the Borrower, include the obligors under any Collateral Loan provided that (a) an obligor will not be considered an Affiliate of any other obligor solely due to the fact that each such obligor is under the control of the same financial sponsor and (b) obligors in respect of Collateral Obligations shall be deemed not to be Affiliates if they have distinct corporate family ratings and or distinct issuer credit ratings. The Borrower will be deemed to have no Affiliates. 
 Agents means, collectively, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. 
 Aggregate Adjusted Collateral Balance means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the sum of the Adjusted Principal Balances of all Collateral Loans in the Collateral (including each potential Collateral Loan that the Borrower has entered into a binding commitment to purchase that has not yet settled) on such date, after giving effect to all Collateral Loans added to and removed from the Collateral on such date. 
 Aggregate Funded Spread means, as of any date, the sum of 
 -3- 

(a) in the case of each Floating Rate Loan (excluding any Floor Loan) that bears interest at a spread over an index (including any London interbank offered rate based index), (i) the excess of the sum of such spread and such index over LIBOR as then in effect (which spread or excess may be expressed as a negative percentage) multiplied by (ii) the Principal Balance of such Collateral Loan and 
 (b) in the case of each Floor Loan, (i) the excess of the interest rate on such Floor Loan as of such date over LIBOR as then in effect (which spread or excess may be expressed as a negative percentage) multiplied by (ii) the Principal Balance of each such Collateral Loan. 
 Aggregate Net Collateral Balance means, as of any date of determination, the Aggregate Adjusted Collateral Balance minus the Excess Concentration Amount, in each case, as of such date of determination. 
 Aggregate Principal Balance means, when used with respect to all or a portion of the Collateral Loans, the sum of the Principal Balances of all or of such portion of such Collateral Loans. 
 Aggregate Tranche A Net Collateral Balance means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the portion of the Aggregate Net Collateral Balance allocable to Tranche A Collateral Loans as of such date of determination (including each potential Tranche A Collateral Loan that the Borrower has entered into a binding commitment to purchase that has not yet settled). 
 Aggregate Tranche B Net Collateral Balance means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the portion of the Aggregate Net Collateral Balance allocable to Tranche B Collateral Loans as of such date of determination (including each potential Tranche B Collateral Loan that the Borrower has entered into a binding commitment to purchase that has not yet settled). 
 Aggregate Tranche C Net Collateral Balance means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the portion of the Aggregate Net Collateral Balance allocable to Tranche C Collateral Loans as of such date of determination (including each potential Tranche C Collateral Loan that the Borrower has entered into a binding commitment to purchase that has not yet settled). 
 Agreement means this Revolving Credit and Security Agreement. 
 Applicable Law means, for any Person, any Law of any Governmental Authority, including all federal and state banking or securities laws, to which the Person in question is subject or by which it or any of its assets or properties are bound. 
 Applicable Margin has the meaning assigned to such term in the Lender Fee Letter. 
 Appraisal means an appraisal of a Collateral Loan that is conducted by an Approved Appraisal Firm, which may be in the form of an update or reaffirmation by an Approved Appraisal Firm of an appraisal previously performed by such Approved Appraisal Firm or another Approved Appraisal Firm. 
 Approval Request has the meaning specified in Section 2.02 hereof. 
 -4- 

Approved Appraisal Firm means Lincoln International LLC (f k a Lincoln Partners LLC), Valuation Research Corporation, Alvarez & Marsal, Duff & Phelps, Houlihan Lokey, Murray Devine, FTI Consulting and any appraisal or valuation firm providing such service to Blackstone GSO Secured Lending Fund provided that any independent appraisal firm or independent financial advisor recognized as being experienced in conducting valuations of secured loans may be added as an Approved Appraisal Firm with the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not the be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned). 
 Approved List has the meaning specified in Section 2.02 hereof. 
 Asset Information means, with respect to any Obligor, in each case to the extent available to the Borrower and subject to any redactions required by the Servicer s internal policies and procedures (it being understood that to the extent any of the information described in any of the following is contained in the Servicer s internal credit memo described in clause (d) below, such information need not be separately represented by any document or file and shall for all purposes of this Agreement be deemed delivered upon delivery of such internal credit memo) (a) the legal name of such Obligor, (b) the jurisdiction in which such Obligor is domiciled, (c) the audited financial statements for the two prior fiscal years of such Obligor (or such shorter period of time for which such audited financial statements have been prepared and are available), (d) the Servicer s internal credit memo with respect to such Obligor and the related Collateral Loan, (e) the informational memorandum, offering memorandum or similar document, if any, issued by the bookrunner or the administrative agent for such Obligor and relating to such Collateral Loan, (f) a company forecast of such Obligor including plans related to capital expenditures, (g) the business model, company strategy and names of known peers of such Obligor, (h) the shareholding pattern and details of the management team of such Obligor, (i) details of any banking facilities and the debt maturity schedule of such Obligor, (j) the Moody s RiskCalc rating output for the related Collateral Loan and (k) a copy of the related credit agreement (which may be a draft) specifying the terms and governing the repayment of such Collateral Loan. 
 Assignment and Acceptance means an Assignment and Acceptance in substantially the form of Exhibit D, entered into by a Lender, an assignee, the Administrative Agent and, if applicable, the Borrower. 
 AUP Report Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.09. 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union (as amended or re-enacted) establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, the relevant implementing law or regulation for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. For the purposes of this definition, a reference to regulation includes any regulation, rule, official directive, request or guideline (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency, department or of any regulatory, self-regulatory or other authority or organisation. 
 Bankruptcy Code means the United States Bankruptcy Code, Title 11, United States Code 101 et seq., or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. 
 -5- 

Base Rate means, on any date, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Prime Rate or (b) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50 . The Base Rate is a reference rate and does not necessarily represent the lowest or best rate actually charged to any customer of any Agent or any Lender. Interest calculated pursuant to clause (a) above will be determined based on a year of 365 or 366 days, as applicable, and actual days elapsed. Interest calculated pursuant to clause (b) above will be determined based on a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed. If the calculation of the Base Rate results in a Base Rate of less than zero (0), the Base Rate shall be deemed to be zero (0) for all purposes hereunder. 
 Benchmark means, initially, LIBOR provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to such Applicable Index or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (b) or clause (c) of Section 2.18 . 
 BNP has the meaning assigned to such term in the introduction to this Agreement. 
 BNP Fee Letter means that certain fee letter, dated as of April 13, 2020, by and among BNP, the Borrower and the Servicer. 
 BNP Upfront Fee Letter means that certain fee letter, dated as of October 5 , 2021, by and among BNP, the Borrower and the Servicer. 
 Borrower has the meaning assigned to such term in the introduction to this Agreement. 
 Borrowing Base means, at any time, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the amounts in the Principal Collection Subaccount, (ii) the product of (x) the Weighted Average Advance Rate (excluding the Sale Settlement Pending Collateral from the calculation of the Weighted Average Advance Rate) as of such date, (y) the Portfolio Advance Rate Adjustment as of such date and (z) the Aggregate Net Collateral Balance as of such date (excluding the Sale Settlement Pending Collateral from the calculation of the Aggregate Net Collateral Balance) and (iii) the aggregate sale price (expressed in Dollars) of the Sale Settlement Pending Collateral. 
 Borrowing Base Calculation Statement means a statement in substantially the form attached to the form of Notice of Borrowing attached hereto as Exhibit B, as such form of Borrowing Base Calculation Statement may be modified as mutually agreed by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower from time to time. 
 Borrowing Date means the date of an Advance. 
 Broadly Syndicated Loan means a Collateral Loan that (a) is a syndicated commercial loan, (b) has an Initial Tranche Size of 250,000,000 or greater (without consideration of reductions thereon from scheduled amortization payments), and (c) is rated (or will be rated) by S&P or Moody s (or the related Obligor for such Collateral Loan is rated by S&P or Moody s). 
 Business Day means any day of the year except (a) a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City or the city in which the offices of the Collateral Agent are located are authorized or required by law to close and (b) if such day relates to any interest rate setting as to an Advance determined by reference to LIBOR, any day on which banks are not open for dealings in Dollars in the London interbank market. 
 -6- 

Cap Adjusted Loan means a Collateral Loan that is a First Lien Middle Market Loan that the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, has determined shall be subject to the higher First Lien Senior Leverage Cap when calculating its Advance Rate, including a Collateral Loan meeting all of the following criteria 
 (a) any Collateral Loan the relevant Obligor of which has EBITDA of greater than 50,000,000 as calculated in accordance with the Related Documents as of the Trade Date of such Collateral Loan 
 (b) any Collateral Loan the relevant Obligor of which had a trailing 12-month revenue of greater than 100,000,000 
 (c) any Collateral Loan with a loan-to-value ratio of less than 50 and 
 (d) any Collateral Loan the relevant Obligor of which has a Debt Service Coverage Ratio that is greater than 2.00 1.00. 
 Cash means Dollars immediately available on the day in question. 
 Cash Interest Coverage Ratio means, with respect to any Collateral Loan for any Relevant Test Period, the meaning of Cash Interest Coverage Ratio, Pro Forma Cash Interest Coverage Ratio or any comparable term in the Related Documents for such Collateral Loan, and in any case that Cash Interest Coverage Ratio, Pro Forma Cash Interest Coverage Ratio or such comparable term is not defined in such Related Documents, the ratio, for such Collateral Loan, of (a) EBITDA for the Relevant Test Period, to (b) interest for the Relevant Test Period, in each case, as calculated by the Servicer in accordance with the Servicing Standard. 
 Certificated Security has the meaning specified in Section 8-102(a)(4) of the UCC. 
 Change in Law means (a) the adoption of any law, rule or regulation after the Closing Date, (b) any change in any law, rule or regulation or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the Closing Date or (c) compliance by any Lender (or, for purposes of Section 2.10(b), by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lender s holding company, if any) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the Closing Date provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in implementation thereof and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law hereunder regardless of the date of effectiveness. 
 Change of Control means an event or series of events by which (A) the Equityholder or its Affiliates, collectively, (i) shall cease to possess, directly or indirectly, the right to elect or appoint (through contract, ownership of voting securities, or otherwise) managers that at all times have a majority of the votes of the board of managers (or similar governing body) of the Borrower or to direct the management policies and decisions of the Borrower or (ii) shall cease, directly or indirectly, to own and control legally and beneficially all of the equity interests of the Borrower or (B) GSO Asset Management LLC or its Affiliates shall cease to be the investment advisor of the Equityholder. 
 -7- 

Clearing Agency means an organization registered as a clearing agency pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act. 
 Clearing Corporation means each entity included within the meaning of clearing corporation under Section 8-102(a)(5) of the UCC. 
 Clearing Corporation Security means securities which are in the custody of or maintained on the books of a Clearing Corporation or a nominee subject to the control of a Clearing Corporation and, if they are Certificated Securities in registered form, properly endorsed to or registered in the name of the Clearing Corporation or such nominee. 
 CLO Securities means notes or similar securities secured principally by a portfolio of collateral that includes all or a material portion of the Collateral. 
 CLO Takeout Date means the day on which the Borrower (A) issues (or co-issues) CLO Securities or (B) with the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, sells all or a material portion of the Collateral to a Person that issues (or co-issues) or intends to issue (or co-issue), CLO Securities provided that, in either case, the date of such CLO Takeout will be confirmed in writing to the Borrower, the Lenders, the Equityholder and the Servicer by the Administrative Agent. 
 Closing Date means December 21, 2018. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Collateral has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.01(a). 
 Collateral Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.02(a)(i). 
 Collateral Agent has the meaning assigned to such term in the introduction to this Agreement. 
 Collateral Agent Fee Letter means the fee letter between the Collateral Agent and the Borrower setting forth the fees and other amounts payable by the Borrower to the Collateral Agent under the Facility Documents, in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 
 Collateral Interest Amount means, as of any date of determination, without duplication, the sum of (a) the aggregate amount of Interest Proceeds that has been received or that is expected to be received (other than Interest Proceeds expected to be received from Defaulted Collateral Loans and Ineligible Collateral Loans) and (b) the aggregate amount of Interest Proceeds that the Servicer has determined, in accordance with the Servicing Standard, are likely to be received from Defaulted Collateral Loans and Ineligible Collateral Loans, in each case, during the Collection Period (and, if such Collection Period does not end on a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day) in which such date of determination occurs. 
 Collateral Loan means a loan, debt obligation, debt security or participation therein acquired by the Borrower. For the avoidance of doubt, any loan, debt obligation, debt security or participation therein acquired by the Borrower by operation of a Macomb Merger shall be a Collateral Loan. 
 Collateral Loan Buy Confirmation means with respect to any Collateral Loan, documentation evidencing, in reasonable detail, the Borrower s acquisition of such Collateral 
 -8- 

Loan, and which shall identify at least the obligor, price and the Principal Balance of such Collateral Loan. 
 Collection Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.02(a)(ii) and includes the Principal Collection Subaccount and the Interest Collection Subaccount. 
 Collection Date means the date on which the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Advances have been repaid in full and all Interest and fees and all other Obligations (other than contingent indemnification and reimbursement obligations which are unknown, unmatured and or for which no claim giving rise thereto has been asserted) have been paid in full, and the Borrower shall have no further right to request any additional Advances. 
 Collection Period means, with respect to any Payment Date, the quarterly period from and including the date on which the first Advance is made hereunder to but excluding the first Collection Period Start Date following the date of such Advance and each successive quarterly period from and including a Collection Period Start Date to but excluding the immediately succeeding Collection Period Start Date or, in the case of the Collection Period immediately preceding the Final Maturity Date or the Collection Period immediately preceding an optional prepayment in whole of the Advances, ending on the day preceding the Final Maturity Date or the date of such prepayment, respectively. 
 Collection Period Start Date means the first calendar day of March, June, September and December of each year (or, if any such date is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day), commencing in June 2019. 
 Collections means all cash collections, distributions, payments or other amounts received, or to be received, by the Borrower from any Person in respect of any Collateral Loan constituting Collateral, including all principal, interest, fees, distributions and redemption and withdrawal proceeds payable to the Borrower under or in connection with any such Collateral Loans and all Proceeds from any sale or disposition of any such Collateral Loans. 
 Commitment means, as to each Lender on any date of determination, the obligation of such Lender to make, on and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, Advances to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01 in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding for such Lender up to but not exceeding the amount applicable to such Lender on such date of determination as specified on Schedule 1 or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Commitment, as applicable, as such amount may be reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.07 or increased or reduced from time to time pursuant to assignments effected in accordance with Section 13.06(a). 
 Commitment Excess means, as to each Lender, the amount, as of any date of determination, by which (x) the aggregate principal amount of Advances of such Lender that remains outstanding exceeds (y) such Lender s Commitment as of such date. 
 Commitment Fees has the meaning assigned to such term in the Lender Fee Letter. 
 Commitment Reduction Fee has the meaning assigned to such term in the Lender Fee Letter. 
 Commitment Termination Date means the last day of the Reinvestment Period. 
 -9- 

Concentration Calculation Amount means the greater of (a) 50 of the Maximum Portfolio Amount and (b) the Aggregate Adjusted Collateral Balance (after giving effect to any proposed purchase of Collateral Loans). 
 Concentration Limitations means, as of any date of determination, the following limitations (calculated without duplication) as applied to the Eligible Collateral Loans owned (or, in relation to a proposed purchase of a Collateral Loan, proposed to be owned, with respect to which, if such purchase results in noncompliance with the limitations, the relevant requirements must be maintained or improved after giving effect to the purchase) by the Borrower, unless a waiver is provided in writing by the Administrative Agent specifying the agreed treatment of such Collateral Loan or Concentration Limitation 
 (c) not more than 45.00 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of First Lien Last Out Category B Loans, First Lien Last Out Category C Loans and Second Lien BSLs 
 (d) not more than 20.00 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of Second Lien BSLs 
 (e) not more than 20.00 30.00 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of Cov-Lite Loans that are not First Lien BSLs 
 (f) not less than 90.00 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of Collateral Loans denominated in Dollars 
 (g) not less than 90.00 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of Collateral Loans whose Obligors have a principal place of business in or are organized or incorporated in the United States 
 (h) not more than 35.00 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of Collateral Loans whose Obligors have a Paid Senor Net Leverage Ratio at origination that is greater than 6.0x reserved 
 (i) not more than 5.00 of the Maximum Portfolio Amount may consist of Collateral Loans that are issued to any Obligor and its Affiliates, except that up to 7.00 of the Maximum Portfolio Amount may consist of Collateral Loans that are issued to the three largest Obligors and their respective Affiliates 
 (j) not more than 15.00 of the Maximum Portfolio Amount may consist of Collateral Loans that are issued by Obligors and their Affiliates that belong to any single S&P Industry Classification, except that (i) up to 30.00 may consist of Collateral Loans with Obligors and their Affiliates in the largest S&P Industry Classification, (ii) up to 20.00 may consist of Collateral Loans with Obligors and their Affiliates in the second largest S&P Industry Classification and (iii) up to 10.00 may consist of Collateral Loans with Obligors and their Affiliates in the S&P Industry Classification of Oil, Gas & Consumable Fuels 
 (k) not more than 10.00 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of Fixed Rate Loans and 
 (l) not more than 10.00 of the Maximum Portfolio Amount may consist of Collateral Loans where the majority owner of the related Obligor is an Affiliate of the Servicer or the Equityholder . 
 -10- 

(m) not more than 20.00 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of Cap Adjusted Loans 
 (n) not more than 10.00 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of PIK Loans and 
 (o) not more than 20.00 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of Recurring Revenue Loans. 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Constituent Documents means, in respect of any Person, the certificate or articles of formation or organization, the limited liability company agreement, operating agreement, partnership agreement, joint venture agreement or other applicable agreement of formation or organization (or equivalent or comparable constituent documents) and other organizational documents and by-laws and any certificate of incorporation, certificate of formation, certificate of limited partnership and other agreement, similar instrument filed or made in connection with its formation or organization, in each case, as the same may be amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Control means the direct or indirect possession of the power to vote 50 or more of the voting securities of such Person or the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through ownership, by contract, arrangement or understanding, or otherwise. Controlled and Controlling have the meaning correlative thereto. 
 Cov-Lite Loan means a Collateral Loan that does not (I) contain any financial covenants or (II) require the related Obligor of such Collateral Loan to comply with any maintenance covenant provided that a Collateral Loan described in clause (I) or (II) above which either (i) contains a cross-default provision to, or (ii) is pari passu with, another loan of the Obligor that requires the Obligor to comply with a maintenance covenant will be deemed not to be a Cov-Lite Loan . provided further that any Collateral Loan for which the related Obligor has an EBITDA on a consolidated basis of greater than or equal to 100,000,000 (as of the relevant determination date) will not be deemed a Cov-Lite Loan unless the Administrative Agent determines in connection with its approval of such Collateral Loan that such Collateral Loan should be treated as a Cov-Lite Loan. 
 Coverage Test means each of (a) the Minimum OC Coverage Test and (b) the Interest Coverage Ratio Test. 
 Covered Account means each of the Collection Accounts (including the Interest Collection Subaccount and Principal Collection Subaccount therein), the Payment Account, the Collateral Account and the Revolving Reserve Account. 
 Custodian means Wells Fargo, and any successor thereto under the Custodian Agreement. 
 Custodian Agreement means that certain Custodian Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Custodian, the Borrower and the Collateral Agent. 
 Data File has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.07(a). 
 -11- 

Debt Service Coverage Ratio means, with respect to any Collateral Loan for any Relevant Test Period, the meaning of Debt Service Coverage Ratio, Pro Forma Debt Service Coverage Ratio or any comparable term in the Related Documents for such Collateral Loan, and in any case that Debt Service Coverage Ratio, Pro Forma Debt Service Coverage Ratio or such comparable term is not defined in such Related Documents, the ratio, for such Collateral Loan, of (a) EBITDA of the related Obligor for the Relevant Test Period to (b) cash interest expense of such Obligor for the Relevant Test Period, in each case, as calculated by the Servicer in good faith using information from and calculations consistent with the relevant compliance statements and financial reporting packages provided by the relevant Obligor as per the requirements of the applicable Related Documents. 
 Default means any event which, with the passage of time, the giving of notice, or both, would (if not cured or otherwise remedied during such time) constitute an Event of Default. 
 Defaulted Collateral Loan means any Collateral Loan as to which at any time 
 (a) a default as to all or any portion of one or more payments of principal and or interest (including a failure of a selling institution to pay amounts due and payable to the Borrower with respect to the related participation) has occurred after the earlier of (i) any grace period applicable thereto and (ii) five (5) Business Days, in each case, past the applicable due date 
 (b) a default (other than a default described in clause (a) of this definition) has occurred under the applicable Related Documents and for which the Borrower (or the agent or required lenders pursuant to the applicable Related Documents, as applicable) has elected to exercise any of its rights or remedies under the applicable Related Documents (including acceleration, foreclosing on collateral or the imposition of default pricing) 
 (c) any portion of principal and or interest payable thereunder has been waived or forgiven by the holders of such obligation or 
 (d) a Revaluation Event under clauses (b) or (f) of the definition thereof has occurred. 
 Defaulting Lender means, at any time, any Lender that (a) has failed for three (3) or more Business Days after a Borrowing Date to fund its portion of an Advance required pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (other than failures to fund as a result of a bona fide dispute as to whether the conditions to borrowing were satisfied on the relevant Borrowing Date), (b) has notified the Borrower or the Administrative Agent in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund an Advance hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower) or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code or any other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, receivership, insolvency, reorganization or similar debtor relief laws of the United States or other 
 -12- 

applicable jurisdiction, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgment or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error. 
 Delayed Drawdown Collateral Loan means a Collateral Loan that (a) requires the Borrower to make one or more future advances to the Obligor under the applicable Related Documents, (b) specifies a maximum amount that can be borrowed on one or more fixed borrowing dates, and (c) does not permit the re-borrowing of any amount previously repaid by the Obligor thereunder provided that any such Collateral Loan will be a Delayed Drawdown Collateral Loan only to the extent of undrawn commitments and solely until all commitments by the Borrower to make advances on such Collateral Loan to the Obligor under the Related Documents expire or are terminated or are reduced to zero. 
 Deliver or Delivered or Delivery means the taking of the following steps 
 (e) in the case of each Instrument, causing the Securities Intermediary to maintain continuous possession of such Instrument 
 (f) in the case of each Certificated Security (other than a Clearing Corporation Security) 
 (i) causing the delivery of such Certificated Security to the Securities Intermediary by registering the same in the name of the Securities Intermediary or its affiliated nominee or by endorsing the same to the Securities Intermediary in blank 
 (ii) causing the Securities Intermediary to indicate continuously on its books and records that such Certificated Security is credited to the applicable Covered Account and 
 (iii) causing the Securities Intermediary to maintain continuous possession of such Certificated Security 
 (g) in the case of each Uncertificated Security (other than a Clearing Corporation Security) 
 (i) causing such Uncertificated Security to be continuously registered on the books of the issuer thereof to the Securities Intermediary and 
 (ii) causing the Securities Intermediary to continuously indicate on its books and records that such Uncertificated Security is credited to the applicable Covered Account 
 -13- 

(h) in the case of each Clearing Corporation Security 
 (i) causing the relevant Clearing Corporation to credit such Clearing Corporation Security to the securities account of the Securities Intermediary and 
 (ii) causing the Securities Intermediary to continuously indicate on its books and records that such Clearing Corporation Security is credited to the applicable Covered Account 
 (i) in the case of each security issued or guaranteed by the United States of America or an agency or instrumentality thereof and that is maintained in book-entry records of a Federal Reserve Bank FRB (each such security a Government Security 
 (i) causing the creation of a Security Entitlement to such Government Security by the credit of such Government Security to the securities account of the Securities Intermediary at such FRB and 
 (ii) causing the Securities Intermediary to continuously indicate on its books and records that such Government Security is credited to the applicable Covered Account 
 (j) in the case of each Security Entitlement not governed by clauses (a) through (e) above 
 (i) causing a Securities Intermediary (x) to indicate on its books and records that the underlying Financial Asset has been credited to the appropriate Covered Account, (y) to receive a Financial Asset from a Securities Intermediary or to acquire the underlying Financial Asset from a Securities Intermediary, and in either case, accepting it for credit to the appropriate Covered Account or (z) to become obligated under other law, regulation or rule to credit the underlying Financial Asset to a Securities Intermediary s securities account 
 (ii) causing such Securities Intermediary to make entries on its books and records continuously identifying such Security Entitlement as belonging to the Custodian and continuously indicating on its books and records that such Security Entitlement is credited to one of the Covered Accounts, which shall at all times be securities accounts and 
 (iii) causing the Securities Intermediary to continuously indicate on its books and records that such Security Entitlement (or all rights and property of the Securities Intermediary representing such Security Entitlement) is credited to the applicable Covered Account 
 (k) in the case of Cash or Money 
 (i) causing the delivery of such Cash or Money to the Securities Intermediary 
 (ii) causing the Securities Intermediary to credit such Cash or Money to a securities account (as defined in Section 8-501(a) of the UCC), which may be a subaccount of the applicable Covered Account, in accordance with Article 9 of the UCC, pursuant to agreement by the Securities Intermediary to treat such Cash or Money as a Financial Asset and 
 -14- 

(iii) causing the Securities Intermediary to continuously indicate on its books and records that such Cash or Money so held is credited to the applicable Covered Account 
 (l) with respect to such of the Collateral as constitutes an account or a general intangible or is not otherwise described in the foregoing clauses (a) through (g), causing to be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a properly completed UCC financing statement that names the Borrower as debtor and the Collateral Agent as secured party and that describes such Collateral (which financing statement may have been previously filed) or any equivalent filing in any applicable jurisdiction or 
 (m) in the case of each of clauses (a) through (h) above, such additional or alternative procedures as may hereafter become appropriate to perfect the security interest granted to the Collateral Agent hereunder in such items of the Collateral, consistent with Applicable Law. 
 In addition, the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower will obtain any and all consents required by the Related Documents relating to any Instruments, accounts or general intangibles for the transfer of ownership and or pledge hereunder (except to the extent that the requirement for such consent is rendered ineffective under Section 9-406 of the UCC). 
 Determination Date means the last day of each Collection Period. 
 Diversity Score means, as of any day, a single number that indicates collateral concentration in terms of both issuer and industry concentration, calculated as set forth in Schedule 7 hereto, as such Diversity Scores shall be updated at the option of the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion if Moody s publishes revised criteria. 
 Dollars and mean lawful money of the United States of America. 
 Due Date means each date on which any payment is due on a Collateral Loan in accordance with its terms. 
 EBITDA means, with respect to any Relevant Test Period and any Collateral Loan, the meaning of the term Adjusted EBITDA, the term EBITDA or any comparable definition in the Related Documents for such period and Collateral Loan (or, in the case of a Collateral Loan for which the Related Documents have not been executed, as set forth in the relevant marketing materials or financial model in respect of such Collateral Loan) as determined in the good faith discretion of the Servicer, and, in any case that the term Adjusted EBITDA, the term EBITDA or such comparable definition is not defined in such Related Documents, an amount, for the principal Obligor thereunder and any of its parents or subsidiaries that are obligated as guarantor pursuant to the Related Documents for such Collateral Loan (determined on a consolidated basis without duplication in accordance with GAAP (and also on a pro forma basis as determined in good faith by the Servicer in case of any acquisitions)) equal to earnings from continuing operations for such period plus interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization for such period, other non-cash charges and organization costs, extraordinary, one-time and or non-recurring losses or charges, any other customary add-backs for similarly situated obligors the Servicer deems to be appropriate and any other item the Servicer and the Administrative Agent mutually deem to be appropriate. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established 
 -15- 

in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any body which has authority to exercise any Write-down and Conversion Powers. 
 Eligible Collateral Loan means, as of any date of determination, a Collateral Loan that meets each of the following criteria 
 (n) is (i) a First Lien BSL, (ii) a First Lien Middle Market Loan, (iii) a Second Lien Middle Market Loan, (iv) a Second Lien BSL or iv v a First Lien Last Out Loan 
 (o) except in the case of a Recurring Revenue Loan, for which the related Obligor has a minimum EBITDA of 15,000,000 at origination 
 (p) for which the related Obligor has a maximum Paid Senior Net Leverage Ratio at origination of 7.0x reserved 
 (q) was acquired by the Borrower for a price of not less than 80 of its Principal Balance 
 (r) is denominated in a Permitted Currency and does not permit the currency or country in which such Collateral Loan is payable to be changed except to another Permitted Currency 
 (s) the relevant Obligor s main place of business and or incorporation and or headquarters are in an Eligible Country 
 (t) the Related Documents for such Collateral Loan are governed by the laws of the United States or Canada 
 (u) is not a Defaulted Collateral Loan at the time of acquisition by the Borrower 
 (v) is not a credit linked note or a single purpose real estate loan 
 (w) is scheduled to pay interest semi-annually or more frequently, with a minimum cash interest spread (after any withholding taxes levied and any PIK Toggle exercised) of at least 3.5 
 (x) does not constitute Margin Stock and is not by its terms convertible into or exchangeable for an equity security at the option of either the Borrower thereof or the holder, and does not have attached warrants to purchase equity securities 
 (y) is not an obligation pursuant to which any future advances or payments to the Obligor may be required to be made by the Borrower, including Revolving Collateral Loans and Delayed Drawdown Collateral Loans, unless such future funding requirements are covered by either cash reserves or available amounts under the Facility Documents 
 (z) has an original term to maturity of not more than eight (8.0) years 
 -16- 

(aa) has been approved by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion 
 (ab) permits the pledge to the Collateral Agent by the Borrower 
 (ac) provides for payments that do not, at the time the obligation is acquired, subject to the Borrower to withholding tax or other similar taxes, unless the related Obligor is required to make gross-up payments that ensure that the net amount actually received by the Borrower (after payment of all taxes, whether imposed on such Obligor or the Borrower) will equal the full amount that the Borrower would have received had no such taxes been imposed 
 (ad) it is capable of being sold, assigned or participated to the Borrower, together with any associated security, without any breach of applicable selling restrictions, any contractual provisions or any legal or regulatory requirements and the Borrower does not require any authorizations, consents, approvals or filings (other than such as have been obtained or effected) as a result of or in connection with any such sale, assignment or participation under any Applicable Law 
 (ae) is not subject to a tender offer from the related Obligor other than (A) a Permitted Offer or (B) an exchange offer in which a security is exchanged for a security that would otherwise qualify for purchase herein 
 (af) is not a Structured Finance Obligation, a Zero Coupon Obligation or a Synthetic Security 
 (ag) is not a corporate rescue loan, PIK Loan, unsecured senior loan or Mezzanine Obligation 
 (ah) is not a project, shipping aircraft or infrastructure construction financings 
 (ai) for which the relevant the Obligor of such Collateral Loan is not a Governmental Authority 
 (aj) for which the Obligor of such Collateral Loan is not a commodity trader and producer, oil field services company or other entity highly exposed to commodity price volume risk 
 (ak) for which the relevant Obligor is not operating, domiciled or having business in a country subject to Sanctions 
 (al) is not a lease and 
 (am) will not cause the Borrower or the pool of assets to be required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act 
 provided that the Administrative Agent may agree in writing to specifically waive any of the requirements set forth above with respect to any single Collateral Loan (it being understood that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to provide any such waiver under any circumstances), including any waiver of any requirement for a Recurring Revenue Loan contained in the definition thereof, and upon such waiver, such waived requirements shall be deemed not to be part of the eligibility requirement with respect to such Collateral Loan. 
 -17- 

Eligible Country means (a) the United States or (b) OECD countries with a country ceiling for foreign currency bonds of at least Aa2 by Moody s and a foreign currency issuer credit rating of at least AA by S&P. 
 Eligible Investments means any Dollar investment that, at the time it is Delivered, is Cash or one or more of the following obligations or securities 
 (an) direct interest bearing obligations of, and interest bearing obligations guaranteed as to timely payment of principal and interest by, the United States or any agency or instrumentality of the United States, the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States 
 (ao) demand or time deposits in, certificates of deposit of, bank deposit products, demand notes of, or bankers acceptances issued by any depository institution or trust company organized under the laws of the United States or any State thereof (including any federal or state branch or agency of a foreign depository institution or trust company) and subject to supervision and examination by federal and or state banking authorities (including, if applicable, the Collateral Agent, the Custodian or the Administrative Agent or any agent thereof acting in its commercial capacity) provided that the short-term unsecured debt obligations of such depository institution or trust company at the time of such investment, or contractual commitment providing for such investment, are rated at least A-1 by S&P and P-1 by Moody s 
 (ap) commercial paper that (i) is payable in Dollars and (ii) is rated at least A-1 by S&P and P-1 by Moody s and 
 (aq) units of money market funds having a rating of the Highest Required Investment Category from each of S&P and Moody s. 
 No Eligible Investment shall have an f, r, p, pi, q, sf or t subscript affixed to its S&P rating. Any such investment may be made or acquired from or through the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent or any of their respective Affiliates, or any entity for whom the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent, the Custodian or any of their respective Affiliates provides services and receives compensation (so long as such investment otherwise meets the applicable requirements of the foregoing definition of Eligible Investment at the time of acquisition) or acts as offeror of provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing clauses (a) through (d), unless the Borrower and the Servicer have received the written advice of counsel of national reputation experienced in such matters to the contrary (together with an officer s certificate of the Borrower or the Servicer to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent that the advice specified in this definition has been received by the Borrower and the Servicer), Eligible Investments may only include obligations or securities that constitute cash equivalents for purposes of the rights and assets in paragraph (c)(8)(i)(B) of the exclusions from the definition of covered fund for purposes of the Volcker Rule. The Collateral Agent and Custodian shall have no obligation to determine or oversee compliance with the foregoing. 
 Equity Security means any stock or similar security, certificate of interest or participation in any profit sharing agreement, reorganization certificate or subscription, transferable share, voting trust certificate or certificate of deposit for an equity security, limited partnership interest, interest in a joint venture, or certificate of interest in a business trust any security future on any such security or any security convertible, with or without consideration into such a security, or carrying any warrant or right to subscribe to or purchase such a security or any such warrant or right. 
 Equityholder has the meaning given to such term in the recitals. 
 -18- 

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder. 
 ERISA Event means (a) any reportable event, as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the thirty (30) day notice requirement is waived) (b) the failure with respect to any Plan to satisfy the minimum funding standard (as defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA) (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan (d) a determination that any Plan is, or is expected to be, in at risk status (as defined in Section 430 of the Code or Section 303 of ERISA) (e) the incurrence by the Borrower or any member of its ERISA Group of any material liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan (f) (i) the receipt by the Borrower or any member of its ERISA Group from the PBGC of a notice of determination that the PBGC intends to seek termination of any Plan or to have a trustee appointed for any Plan under Section 4041(c) of ERISA, or (ii) the filing by the Borrower or any member of its ERISA Group of a notice of intent to terminate any Plan (g) the incurrence by the Borrower or any member of its ERISA Group of any material liability (i) with respect to a Plan pursuant to Sections 4063 and 4064 of ERISA, (ii) with respect to a facility closing pursuant to Section 4062(e) of ERISA, or (iii) with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Multiemployer Plan (h) the receipt by the Borrower or any member of its ERISA Group of any notice concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, in endangered status or critical status, within the meaning of Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA or is or is expected to be insolvent, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA or (i) the failure of the Borrower or any member of its ERISA Group to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan, in each case that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 ERISA Group means each controlled group of corporations or trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated) under common control that is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) or, for purposes of ERISA Section 302 or Code Section 412, (m) or (o) of the Code with the Borrower. 
 Establishment means an establishment for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2015 848 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings (recast). 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the document described as the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 EU Retention Requirements means Article 6 of the Securitisation Regulation (together with any delegated regulations, applicable guidance, regulatory technical standards, or implementing technical standards made thereunder. 
 Euros or means the lawful currency of the EEA Member Countries that have adopted and retain the single currency in accordance with the treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time. 
 Event of Default means the occurrence of any of the events, acts or circumstances set forth in Section 6.01. 
 Excess Concentration Amount means, as of any date of determination, in respect of which any one or more of the Concentration Limitations are exceeded, the portions 
 -19- 

(calculated by the Servicer and without duplication) of each Eligible Collateral Loan that cause such Concentration Limitations to be exceeded. 
 Excess Interest Proceeds means, at any time of determination, the excess of (1) amounts then on deposit in the Collateral Accounts representing Interest Proceeds over (2) the projected amount required to be paid pursuant to Section 9.01(a)(i)(A), (B), (C) and (D), on the next Payment Date, any prepayment date or the Final Maturity Date, as applicable, in each case, as determined by the Borrower in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, all as from time to time in effect, or any successor law, rules or regulations, and any reference to any statutory or regulatory provision shall be deemed to be a reference to any successor statutory or regulatory provision. 
 Excluded Amounts means (a) any amount received in the Collection Account with respect to any Collateral Loan included as part of the Collateral, which amount is attributable to the payment of any Taxes, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority on such Collateral Loan or on any underlying asset securing such Collateral Loan and (b) any amount received in the Collection Account (or other applicable account) representing (i) any amount representing a reimbursement of insurance premiums and (ii) any escrows relating to Taxes, insurance and other amounts in connection with Collateral Loans which are held in an escrow account for the benefit of the Obligor and the applicable secured party pursuant to escrow arrangements under a Related Document, to the extent such amount is attributable to a time after the effective date of such replacement or sale, in each case of clauses (a) and (b) to the extent paid on behalf of the Borrower from equity contributions. 
 Excluded Principal Distributions means Permitted Distributions of Principal Proceeds designated as Excluded Principal Distributions by mutual agreement of the Servicer and Administrative Agent. 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Secured Party or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Secured Party (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by a Secured Party s net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes imposed on a Secured Party, and branch profits Taxes imposed on a Secured Party, in each case, (i) by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the laws of which such Secured Party is organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable lending office is located or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of any Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender becomes a party hereto or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 13.03, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Secured Party s failure to comply with Section 13.03(g), and (d) U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
 Expedited Notice of Borrowing has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.03(d). 
 Extension Request means a written request by the Borrower substantially in the form of Exhibit G to extend the Commitment Termination Date for an additional period of not greater than one year. 
 -20- 

Facility Amount means (a) on or prior to the Commitment Termination Date, an amount equal to the Maximum Facility Amount (as such amount may be reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.07) and (b) following the Commitment Termination Date, the outstanding principal balance of all of the Advances. 
 Facility Documents means this Agreement, the Notes, the Account Control Agreement, the Collateral Agent Fee Letter, the Custodian Agreement, the Lender Fee Letter, the BNP Fee Letter, the Loan Sale Agreement and any other security agreements and other instruments entered into or delivered by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to Section 5.01(c) to create, perfect or otherwise evidence the Collateral Agent s security interest in the Collateral. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with) and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code. 
 Federal Funds Rate means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal for each day during such period to the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by federal funds brokers, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the next preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it provided that, if at any time a Lender is borrowing overnight funds from a Federal Reserve Bank that day, the Federal Funds Rate for such Lender for such day shall be the average rate per annum at which such overnight borrowings are made on that day as promptly reported by such Lender to the Borrower and the Agents in writing. Each determination of the Federal Funds Rate by a Lender pursuant to the foregoing proviso shall be conclusive and binding except in the case of manifest error. 
 Fee Basis Amount means, for any Payment Date, an amount equal to the Aggregate Principal Balance. 
 Fifth Amendment Date means October 5, 2021 . 
 Final Maturity Date means the earlier to occur of (i) the Business Day 24 months after the last day of the Reinvestment Period and (ii) the date on which the Final Maturity Date is declared pursuant to Section 6.01. 
 Final Order means an order, judgment, decree or ruling the operation or effect of which has not been stayed, reversed or amended and as to which order, judgment, decree or ruling (or any revision, modification or amendment thereof) the time to appeal or to seek review or rehearing has expired and as to which no appeal or petition for review or rehearing was filed or, if filed, remains pending. 
 Financial Asset has the meaning specified in Section 8-102(a)(9) of the UCC. 
 First Amendment Date means June 11, 2019. 
 First Lien BSL means a First Lien Loan that is a Broadly Syndicated Loan. 
 First Lien Last Out Category A Loan means a First Lien Last Out Loan where any tranches of First Lien Loans issued by the related Obligor which, at any time prior to and or 
 -21- 

after an event of default under the Related Documents, will be paid prior to the Collateral Loan in accordance with a specified waterfall or other priority of payments as specified in the Related Documents, an agreement among lenders or other applicable agreement are less than or equal to 25 of the aggregate principal amount of all first lien debt of such Obligor. 
 First Lien Last Out Category B Loan means a First Lien Last Out Loan where any tranches of First Lien Loans issued by the related Obligor which, at any time prior to and or after an event of default under the Related Documents, will be paid prior to the Collateral Loan in accordance with a specified waterfall or other priority of payments as specified in the Related Documents, an agreement among lenders or other applicable agreement are more than 25 of the aggregate principal amount of all first lien debt but less than or equal to 50 of the aggregate principal amount of all first lien debt of such Obligor. 
 First Lien Last Out Category C Loan means a First Lien Last Out Loan where any tranches of First Lien Loans issued by the related Obligor which, at any time prior to and or after an event of default under the Related Documents, will be paid prior to the Collateral Loan in accordance with a specified waterfall or other priority of payments as specified in the Related Documents, an agreement among lenders or other applicable agreement are greater than 50 of the aggregate principal amount of all first lien debt of such Obligor. 
 First Lien Last Out Loan means a Collateral Loan which would be a First Lien Loan but for the fact that at any time prior to and or after an event of default under the Related Documents, such Collateral Loan will be paid after one or more tranches of First Lien Loans issued by the Obligor have been paid in full in accordance with a specified waterfall or other priority of payments as specified in the Related Documents, an agreement among lenders or other applicable agreement. 
 First Lien Loan means any Collateral Loan (for purposes of this definition, a loan that meets the following criteria 
 (ar) is not (and is not expressly permitted by its terms to become) subordinate to any obligation of the obligor in any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation proceedings (other than pursuant to a Permitted Working Capital Lien and customary waterfall provisions contained in the applicable loan agreement or indenture) 
 (as) is secured by a pledge of collateral, which security interest is (i) validly perfected and first priority under Applicable Law (subject to liens permitted under the applicable credit agreement that are reasonable for similar Collateral Loans, and liens accorded priority by law in favor of any Governmental Authority) or (ii)(1) validly perfected and second priority in the accounts, documents, instruments, chattel paper, letter-of-credit rights, supporting obligations, deposit accounts, investments accounts (as such terms are defined in the UCC) and any other assets securing any Working Capital Revolver under Applicable Law and proceeds of any of the foregoing (a first priority lien on such assets, a Permitted Working Capital Lien and (2) validly perfected and first priority (subject to liens permitted under the related underlying instruments that are reasonable and customary for similar Collateral Loans) in all other collateral under Applicable Law 
 (at) the Servicer determines in good faith that the value of the collateral for such Collateral Loan (including based on enterprise value) on or about the time of acquisition equals or exceeds the outstanding principal balance of the Collateral Loan plus the aggregate outstanding balances of all other Collateral Loans of equal or higher seniority secured by a first priority Lien over the same collateral and 
 -22- 

(au) for which the Obligor of such loan and its Affiliates has been designated on the date such Collateral Loan was acquired by the Borrower as a First Lien Loan by the Administrative Agent. 
 First Lien Middle Market Loan means a First Lien Loan that is not a Broadly Syndicated Loan. 
 First Lien Senior Leverage Cap means, with respect to any Collateral Loan, a Paid Senior Net Leverage Ratio of 7.25 1.00 provided, that the First Lien Senior Leverage Cap for any Cap Adjusted Loan shall be 8.00 1.00. 
 First Lien Senior Leverage Cut-Off means, with respect to any Collateral Loan, a Paid Senior Net Leverage Ratio of 6.00 1.00. 
 Fixed Rate Loan means any Collateral Loan that bears a fixed rate of interest. 
 Floating Rate Loan means any Collateral Loan that bears a floating rate of interest. 
 Floor Loan means, as of any date 
 (av) a Floating Rate Loan (i) for which the Related Documents provide for a Libor option and that such Libor is calculated as the greater of a specified floor rate per annum and the London interbank offered rate for the applicable interest period and (ii) that, as of such date, bears interest based on such Libor option, but only if as of such date the London interbank offered rate for the applicable interest period is less than such floor rate and 
 (aw) a Floating Rate Loan (i) for which the Related Documents provide for a base or prime rate option and such base or prime rate is calculated as the greater of a specified floor rate per annum and the base or prime rate for the applicable interest period and (ii) that, as of such date, bears interest based on such base or prime rate option, but only if as of such date the base or prime rate for the applicable interest period is less than such floor rate. 
 Foreign Lender means a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes. 
 Fourth Amendment Date means April 30, 2020. 
 FRB has the meaning specified in the definition of Deliver. 
 Fundamental Amendment means any amendment, modification, waiver or supplement of or to this Agreement that would (a) increase or extend the term of the Commitments or change the Final Maturity Date (other than an increase of the Commitment of a particular Lender or the addition of a new Lender agreed to by the relevant Lender), (b) extend the date fixed for the payment of principal of or interest on any Advance or any fee hereunder, (c) reduce the amount of any such payment of principal, (d) reduce the rate at which Interest is payable thereon or any fee is payable hereunder (other than in connection with the appointment of a LIBOR Successor Rate), (e) release any material portion of the Collateral, except in connection with dispositions permitted hereunder, (f) alter the terms of Section 9.01 or Section 13.01(b), (g) modify the definition of the terms Majority Lenders, Required Lenders, Maximum Available Amount, Advance Rate, Borrowing Base, Minimum OC Coverage Test, Interest Coverage Ratio Test, Collateral Loan, Eligible Collateral Loan, Eligible 
 -23- 

Country, Minimum Equity Amount, Collateral Quality Test, Tranche A Borrowing Base, Tranche B Borrowing Base, Tranche C Borrowing Base, Tranche A Minimum OC Coverage Test, Tranche B Minimum OC Coverage Test, Tranche C Minimum OC Coverage Test, Tranche A Collateral Loan, Tranche B Collateral Loan, Tranche C Collateral Loan, or any Collateral Quality Test set forth therein or component thereof defined therein, (h) modify in any other manner the number or percentage of the Lenders required to make any determinations or waive any rights hereunder or to modify any provision hereof or (i) extend the Reinvestment Period. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in effect from time to time in the United States. 
 Government Security has the meaning specified in the definition of Deliver. 
 Governmental Authority means, with respect to any Person, any nation or government, any supranational, state or other political or subdivision thereof, any central bank (or similar monetary or regulatory authority) thereof, any body or entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government and any court or arbitrator, in each case, having jurisdiction or authority over such Person. 
 Governmental Authorizations means all franchises, permits, licenses, approvals, consents and other authorizations of all Governmental Authorities. 
 Governmental Filings means all filings, including franchise and similar tax filings, and the payment of all fees, assessments, interests and penalties associated with such filings with all Governmental Authorities. 
 Highest Required Investment Category means (a) with respect to ratings assigned by Moody s, Aa2 or P-1 for one month instruments, Aa2 and P-1 for three month instruments, Aa3 and P-1 for six month instruments and Aa2 and P-1 for instruments with a term in excess of six months and (b) with respect to rating assigned by S&P, A-1 for short-term instruments and A for long-term instruments. 
 Indemnified Party has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 13.04(b). 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Facility Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes. 
 Independent Accountants has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.09(a). 
 Independent Manager means a natural person who, (A) for the five-year period prior to his or her appointment as Independent Manager, has not been, and during the continuation of his or her service as Independent Manager is not (i) an employee, director, stockholder, member, manager, partner or officer of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates (other than his or her service as an Independent Manager of the Borrower or other Affiliates that are structured to be bankruptcy remote (ii) a customer or supplier of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates (other than his or her service as an Independent Manager of the Borrower or any such Affiliate) (iii) a Person controlling or under common control with any partner, shareholder, member, manager, Affiliate or supplier of the Borrower or any Affiliate of the Borrower or (iv) any member of the immediate family of a person described in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) provided that an independent manager may serve in similar capacities for other special purpose entities established from time to time by Affiliates of the Borrower and (B) has (i) prior 
 -24- 

experience as an Independent Manager for a corporation or limited liability company whose charter documents required the unanimous consent of all Independent Managers thereof before such corporation or limited liability company could consent to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it or could file a petition seeking relief under any applicable federal or state law relating to bankruptcy and (ii) at least three years of employment experience with one or more entities that provide, in the ordinary course of their respective businesses, advisory, management or placement services to issuers of securitization or structured finance instruments, agreements or securities. 
 Ineligible Collateral Loan means, at any time, a Collateral Loan or any portion thereof, that fails to satisfy any criteria of the definition of Eligible Collateral Loan as of the date when such criteria are applicable it being understood that such criteria in the definition of Eligible Collateral Loan that is specified to be applicable only as of the date of acquisition of such Collateral Loan shall not be applicable after the date of acquisition of such Collateral Loan. 
 Initial AUP Report Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.09(a). 
 Initial Tranche Size means, with respect to any Collateral Loan, an amount equal to (a) if any delayed draw loan or incremental term loan issuance has been issued under the same credit document that has the same interest spread, maturity and seniority (such issuance an Additional Tranche ), the sum of the principal amounts on the issuance date of the most recently issued Additional Tranche of (i) the aggregate tranche of such Collateral Loan plus (ii) the aggregate tranches of any Additional Tranches, and (b) if no Additional Tranche has been issued, the principal amount of the aggregate tranche of such Collateral Loan as of its original issuance date. 
 Insolvency Event means, with respect to a specified Person, (a) the filing of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of such Person or any substantial part of its property in an involuntary case under the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable insolvency law now or hereafter in effect, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official for such Person or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of such Person s affairs, and such decree or order shall remain unstayed and in effect for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days or (b) the commencement by such Person of a voluntary case under the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable insolvency law now or hereafter in effect, or the consent by such Person to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law, or the consent by such Person to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official for such Person or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by such Person of any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure by such Person generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of action by such Person in furtherance of any of the foregoing. 
 Instrument has the meaning specified in Section 9-102(a)(47) of the UCC. 
 Interest means, with respect to each Tranche of Advances for each Interest Accrual Period (or any other period), the sum of the products (for each day elapsed during such Interest Accrual Period or other period) of 
 
 where 
 -25- 

IR the Interest Rate applicable to such Tranche for such day 
 P the principal amount of the Advances for such Tranche outstanding on such day and 
 D 360 days. 
 Interest Accrual Period means (a) with respect to the first Payment Date, the period from and including the Closing Date to and including the last Business Day of the calendar month preceding the month in which such Payment Date occurs and (b) with respect to any subsequent Payment Date, the period beginning on (and including) the day immediately following the last day of the prior Interest Accrual Period and ending on (but excluding) the last Business Day of the calendar month preceding the month in which such Payment Date occurs. 
 Interest Collection Subaccount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.02(a). 
 Interest Coverage Ratio means, on any Determination Date, the percentage equal to 
 (ax) (i) an amount equal to the Collateral Interest Amount at such time minus (ii) the amount payable on the Payment Date immediately following such date of determination pursuant to Sections 9.01(a)(i)(A), (B) and (D) divided by 
 (ay) the amount payable on the Payment Date immediately following such date of determination pursuant to Section 9.01(a)(i)(C). 
 Interest Coverage Ratio Test means a test that is satisfied at any time if the Interest Coverage Ratio is greater than or equal to 150 provided that the Interest Coverage Ratio Test shall be deemed to be satisfied on any date prior to the initial Advance hereunder. 
 Interest Proceeds means, with respect to any Collection Period or the related Determination Date, without duplication, the sum of 
 (az) all payments of interest and other income received in cash by the Borrower during such Collection Period on the Collateral Loans (including interest purchased with Principal Proceeds, interest and other income received in cash on Ineligible Collateral Loans and the accrued interest received in cash in connection with a sale of any such Collateral Loan during such Collection Period) 
 (ba) all principal and interest payments received by the Borrower during such Collection Period on Eligible Investments purchased with Interest Proceeds and all interest payments received by the Borrower during such Collection Period on Eligible Investments purchased with amounts credited to the Revolving Reserve Account 
 (bb) all amendment and waiver fees, late payment fees (including compensation for delayed settlement or trades), and all protection fees and other fees and commissions received by the Borrower during such Collection Period unless the Servicer has determined in its sole discretion that such payments are to be treated as Principal Proceeds and 
 (bc) commitment fees, facility fees, anniversary fees, ticking fees and other similar fees received by the Borrower during such Collection Period unless the Servicer 
 -26- 

has determined in its sole discretion that such payments are to be treated as Principal Proceeds 
 provided that 
 (1) as to any Defaulted Collateral Loan (and only so long as it remains a Defaulted Collateral Loan), any amounts received in respect thereof will constitute Principal Proceeds (and not Interest Proceeds) until the aggregate of all Collections in respect thereof since it became a Defaulted Collateral Loan equals the Principal Balance of such Defaulted Collateral Loan at the time as of which it became a Defaulted Collateral Loan and all amounts received in excess thereof will constitute Interest Proceeds and 
 (2) any amounts received in respect of any Equity Security that was received in exchange for a Defaulted Collateral Loan will constitute Principal Proceeds (and not Interest Proceeds) until the aggregate of all collections in respect of such Equity Security equals the outstanding Principal Balance of the related Collateral Loan, at the time it became a Defaulted Collateral Loan, for which such Equity Security was received in exchange. 
 Interest Rate means, for any Tranche of Advances as of any date of determination, an interest rate per annum equal to the Benchmark (or, if at any time the Benchmark cannot be determined, the Base Rate) plus the Applicable Margin. 
 Interim Order means an order, judgment, decree or ruling entered after notice and a hearing conducted in accordance with Bankruptcy Rule 4001(c) granting interim authorization, the operation or effect of which has not been stayed, reversed or amended. 
 Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Law means any action, code, consent decree, constitution, decree, directive, enactment, finding, guideline, law, injunction, interpretation, judgment, order, ordinance, policy statement, proclamation, promulgation, regulation, requirement, rule, rule of law, treaty, rule of public policy, settlement agreement, statute, or writ, of any Governmental Authority, or any particular section, part or provision thereof. 
 Lender means each Person listed on Schedule 1 and any other Person that shall have become a party hereto in accordance with the terms hereof pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance. 
 Lender Fee Letter means that certain amended and restated fee letter, dated as of April 13, 2020, by and among the Lenders, the Borrower and the Servicer. 
 Liabilities means all liabilities, obligations, losses, claims, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses (including reasonable and documented out-of-pocket outside attorneys fees and expenses) and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever. 
 LIBOR means, for any Interest Accrual Period, the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited London interbank offered rate per annum for deposits in the relevant currency for a period equal to the Interest Accrual Period as displayed in the Bloomberg Financial Markets System (or such other page on that service or such other service designated by the ICE Benchmark Limited for the display of such administration s London interbank offered 
 -27- 

rate for deposits in the relevant currency) as of 11 00 a.m., London time on the day that is two Business Days prior to the first day of the Interest Accrual Period (the Screen Rate provided that if the Administrative Agent determines that the relevant foregoing sources are unavailable for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, LIBOR shall mean the rate of interest determined by the Administrative Agent to be the average (rounded upward, if necessary, to the nearest 1 100th of 1 of the rates per annum at which deposits in the relevant currency are offered to the Administrative Agent two (2) Business Days preceding the first day of such Interest Accrual Period by four leading banks (selected by the Administrative Agent after consultation with the Borrower) in the London or other offshore interbank market for the relevant currency as of 11 00 a.m. for delivery on the first day of such Interest Accrual Period, for the number of days comprised therein and in an amount comparable to the amount of the Administrative Agent s portion of the relevant Advance provided , if such rate is less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, encumbrance, lien or security interest (statutory or other), or preference, priority or other security agreement, charge or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing, and the filing authorized by the Borrower of any financing statement under the UCC or comparable law of any jurisdiction). 
 Listed Collateral Loan means, at any time, a Collateral Loan for which three or more bids are quoted and available from Loan Pricing Corporation, Mark-it Partners (formerly known as Loan X), Interactive Data Corporation or another nationally recognized broker-dealer or nationally recognized quotation service requested by the Servicer and approved from time to time by the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders. 
 Listed Value means, for any Listed Collateral Loan at any time, the bid price for such Collateral Loan most recently quoted by Loan Pricing Corporation, Mark-it Partners (formerly known as Loan X) or Interactive Data Corporation and obtained by the Servicer, or quoted by another nationally recognized broker-dealer or nationally recognized quotation service as may be approved from time to time by the Administrative Agent if so requested by the Borrower or the Servicer provided that, if the Servicer reasonably believes that the price quoted by any such source is based on less than three bona fide bids, then the Servicer, by notice to the Administrative Agent, may determine the Listed Value in accordance with clause (b) of the definition of Loan Value. 
 LLC Agreement means that certain Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2018, of the Borrower. 
 Loan Sale Agreement means that certain Loan Sale and Contribution Agreement. 
 Loan Value means, with respect to each Collateral Loan, as of any date of determination and expressed as a percentage of the Principal Balance of such Eligible Collateral Loan, a percentage equal to 
 (bd) if a Revaluation Event has not occurred with respect to such Collateral Loan, the purchase price of such Collateral Loan (excluding any original issue discount of 3 or less) 
 -28- 

(be) if a Revaluation Event has occurred with respect to such Collateral Loan and such Collateral Loan is not a Defaulted Collateral Loan 
 (i) if such loan is a Listed Collateral Loan as of such date, the lesser of (x) the Listed Value of such loan as at such date and (y) the purchase price of such Collateral Loan and 
 (ii) if such loan is not a Listed Collateral Loan as of such date 
 (A) and the Servicer provides three bona fide bids that are acceptable to the Administrative Agent (in its sole discretion), the average of such bona fide bids otherwise 
 (B) the fair market value of such Collateral Loan as determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion and 
 (bf) if a Revaluation Event has occurred with respect to such Collateral Loan and such Collateral Loan is a Defaulted Collateral Loan, the fair market value of such Collateral Loan as determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. 
 If the Borrower disagrees with the Loan Value assigned by the Administrative Agent to a Collateral Loan pursuant to clauses (b)(ii) or (c) above (an Agent Valuation ), then the Borrower may at its own expense and within sixty (60) days from the date on which the Administrative Agent assigned the Agent Valuation (the Dispute Period obtain an Appraisal (the New Valuation from an Approved Appraisal Firm or a valuation firm selected by the Borrower with the consent of the Administrative Agent (such process, a Valuation Agent Dispute ). If a New Valuation is obtained during the Dispute Period, then the New Valuation shall be treated as the amended Loan Value, otherwise the Agent Valuation shall be treated as the amended Loan Value. During the Dispute Period, the Loan Value shall be the Agent Valuation. The Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, further amend the Loan Value in respect of such Collateral Loan on any subsequent date, subject to the valuation procedures and dispute mechanics set forth above, and such further determination shall constitute the Loan Value. 
 Macomb Credit Agreement means that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2018, by and among BNP Paribas, as a lender, the other lenders party thereto, Macomb Park CLO, Ltd., as borrower, BNP Paribas, as administrative agent, GSO Blackstone Debt Funds Management LLC, as collateral manager, and SENTE Master Fund, L.P., as preferred investor. 
 Macomb Merger means a transaction wherein the Borrower acquires the outstanding equity of Macomb Park CLO, Ltd., repays the loans outstanding under the Macomb Credit Agreement and merges with Macomb Park CLO, Ltd., with the Borrower being the surviving entity. 
 Majority Lenders means, as of any date of determination, the Administrative Agent and Lenders having aggregate Percentages greater than 50 provided , however , that if any Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender at such time, then Advances owing to such Defaulting Lender and such Defaulting Lender s unfunded Commitments shall be excluded from the determination of Majority Lenders. 
 Margin Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in Regulation U. 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, financial condition or operations of the Borrower or the Servicer either individually or 
 -29- 

taken as a whole, (b) the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Facility Document or the validity, enforceability or collectability of the Collateral Loans or the Related Documents generally or any material portion of the Collateral Loans or the Related Documents, (c) the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the other Secured Parties with respect to matters arising under this Agreement or any other Facility Document, (d) the ability of each of the Borrower or the Servicer to perform its obligations under any Facility Document to which it is a party, or (e) the status, existence, perfection, priority or enforceability of the Collateral Agent s Lien on the Collateral. 
 Material Modification means, with respect to any Collateral Loan, any amendment, waiver, consent or modification of, or supplement to or inaction with, a Related Document with respect thereto (it being understood that a release document or similar instrument executed or delivered in connection with a disposition that is otherwise permitted under the applicable Related Documents shall not constitute an amendment or modification to such Related Document) executed or effected after the date on which such Collateral Loan is acquired by the Borrower, that 
 (bg) reduces, defers or forgives any principal amount of such Collateral Loan 
 (bh) reduces or forgives one or more interest payments which reduces the spread or coupon by more than 50 basis points or permits any interest due with respect to such Collateral Loan in cash to be deferred or capitalized and added to the principal amount of such Collateral Loan (other than any deferral or capitalization already expressly permitted by the terms of its Related Documents or pursuant to the application of a pricing grid, in each case, as of the date such Collateral Loan was acquired by the Borrower) 
 (bi) extends, delays or waives any date fixed for any scheduled payment (including at maturity) or mandatory prepayment of principal on such Collateral Loan 
 (bj) in the case of a First Lien Last Out Loan, a First Lien BSL or a First Lien Middle Market Loan, contractually or structurally subordinates such Collateral Loan by operation of a priority of payments, turnover provisions or the transfer of assets in order to limit recourse to the related Obligor (other than as permitted by the terms of the Related Documents on the date such Collateral Loan was acquired) 
 (bk) substitutes, alters, releases or terminates any material portion of the underlying assets securing such Collateral Loan (other than as expressly permitted by the Related Documents as of the date such Collateral Loan was acquired by the Borrower) or releases any material guarantor or co-Obligor from its obligations with respect thereto, and each such substitution, alteration, release or termination materially and adversely affects the value of such Collateral Loan (as determined in the commercially reasonable discretion of the Administrative Agent) 
 (bl) modifies any term or provision of the Related Documents of such Collateral Loan that impacts the calculation of any financial covenant, the definition of Permitted Liens (or any analogous definition), or the determination of any default or event of default with respect to the related Collateral Loan 
 (bm) results in change of currency of the Collateral Loan or 
 (bn) any other modification which is material and adverse to the value of such Collateral Loan. 
 -30- 

Maximum Available Amount means, on any date of determination, an amount equal to the lesser of 
 (bo) the Maximum Facility Amount at such time and 
 (bp) the Borrowing Base (calculated after giving effect to the deposit or investment of such borrowed funds on the borrowing date). 
 Maximum Facility Amount means (a) on any date of determination prior to the First Amendment Date, 400,000,000, (b) on any date of determination on or after the First Amendment Date to but excluding the Third Amendment Date, 575,000,000, (c) on any date of determination on or after the Third Amendment Date to but excluding the Fourth Amendment Date, 875,000,000, (d) on any date of determination on or after the Fourth Amendment Date to but excluding the earlier to occur of (x) the CLO Takeout Date and (y) the date occurring twelve (12) months after the Third Amendment Date, 1,125,000,000 and (d) on any other date of determination, 825,000,000 provided that it is understood that the loan facility established under this Agreement is an uncommitted facility and there is no express or implied commitment on the part of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to provide any Advance except that, in the case of Collateral Loans approved by means of an Approval Request or Approved List, the Lenders shall have committed to fund the related Advances (up to the amount(s) specified in the related Approval Request or Approved List) provided that the related conditions precedent set forth in Article III are satisfied. 
 Maximum Portfolio Amount means, on any date of determination, the sum of (i) (x) 200,000,000 or (y) on any date after the first to occur of (a) the date on which the Borrower waives its ability to reduce the Maximum Facility Amount pursuant to Section 2.07(b) and (b) March 31, 2019, the Maximum Facility Amount and (ii) the aggregate amount of all contributions by the Equityholder to the Borrower (other than contributions made to cure a Default or an Event of Default) less any principal distributions to the Equityholder other than Excluded Principal Distributions. 
 Measurement Date means (a) the Closing Date, (b) each Borrowing Date, (c) each Monthly Report Determination Date, (d) each Payment Date Report Determination Date and (e) each other date reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. 
 Mezzanine Obligations means unsecured obligations that are contractually subordinated in right of payment to other debt of the same issuer. 
 Minimum Equity Amount means, at any time, the product of (a) 10 and (b) the Maximum Facility Amount. 
 Minimum OC Coverage Test means a test that shall be satisfied if the OC Ratio is equal to or greater than 100 . 
 Money has the meaning specified in Section 1-201(24) of the UCC. 
 Monthly Report has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.07(a). 
 Monthly Report Determination Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.07(a). 
 Monthly Reporting Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.07(a). 
 -31- 

Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc., together with its successors. 
 Moody s Industry Classification means the industry classifications set forth in Schedule 4 hereto, as such industry classifications shall be updated at the option of the Servicer if Moody s publishes revised industry classifications. The determination of which Moody s Industry Classification to which an Obligor belongs shall be made in good faith by the Servicer. 
 Moody s RiskCalc has the meaning specified in Schedule 8 hereto. 
 Multiemployer Plan means an employee pension benefit plan within the meaning of Section 4001 (a)(3) of ERISA that is sponsored by the Borrower or a member of its ERISA Group or to which the Borrower or a member of its ERISA Group is obligated to make contributions or has any liability. 
 Net-Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue Ratio means, with respect to any Collateral Loan for any period, the meaning of Net-Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue Ratio or any comparable term defined in the Related Documents for such Collateral Loan, and in any case that Net-Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue Ratio or such comparable term is not defined in such Related Documents, the ratio of (a) indebtedness of the related Obligor under such Collateral Loan and all other indebtedness of such Obligor that is senior or pari passu in right of payment to such Collateral Loan minus Unrestricted Cash and cash equivalents to (b) TTM Recurring Revenue, as calculated by the Servicer in good faith in accordance with the Servicing Standard using information from and calculations consistent with the relevant compliance statements and financial reporting packages provided by the relevant Obligor as per the requirements of the Related Documents provided that, in the event of a lack of any such information necessary to calculate the Net-Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue Ratio for any Collateral Loan, the Net-Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue Ratio for such Collateral Loan shall be a ratio calculated by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion after consultation with the Servicer or, if agreed to by the Administrative Agent, by the Servicer in good faith in accordance with the Servicing Standard. 
 Note means each promissory note, if any, issued by the Borrower to a Lender in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.04, substantially in the form of Exhibit A. 
 Notice of Borrowing has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.03(a). 
 Notice of Prepayment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(a). 
 Obligations means all indebtedness, whether absolute, fixed or contingent, at any time or from time to time owing by the Borrower to any Secured Party or any Affected Person under or in connection with this Agreement, the Notes or any other Facility Document, including all amounts payable by the Borrower in respect of the Advances, with interest thereon, and all other amounts payable hereunder or thereunder by the Borrower. 
 Obligor means, in respect of any Collateral Loan, each Person obligated to pay Collections in respect of such Collateral Loan, including any applicable guarantors provided that for purposes of determining the domicile of an Obligor for purposes of the definitions of Concentration Limitations and Eligible Collateral Loan, the term Obligor shall only include the Person in respect of which the Collateral Loan was principally underwritten. 
 Obligor Measurement Date means the last day of each relevant period for which an Obligor delivers financial reporting information that includes the calculation of financial covenants, as certified by a Responsible Officer of such Obligor. 
 -32- 

OC Ratio means, as of any Business Day, 
 (a) the Borrowing Base divided by 
 (b) the sum of (x) the outstanding principal balance of the Facility and (y) the aggregate purchase price of all potential Collateral Loans for which the Borrower has entered into a binding commitment to purchase that have not yet settled. 
 OC Ratio Breach means, on any Business Day, a failure of the Minimum OC Coverage Test. 
 OC Ratio Posting Payment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.02. 
 OFAC means the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control. 
 Other Connection Taxes means, in the case of any Secured Party, any Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Secured Party and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Secured Party having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced this Agreement, the Notes or any other Facility Document). 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to any Facility Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 13.03(h)). 
 Paid Senior Net Leverage Ratio means, with respect to any Collateral Loan, the Senior Net Leverage Ratio multiplied by the purchase price of such Collateral Loan. 
 Partial PIK Loan means a Collateral Loan that requires the Obligor to pay only a portion of the accrued and unpaid interest in Cash on a current basis, the remainder of which is or can be deferred and paid later provided that (x) the portion of such interest required to be paid in Cash pursuant to the terms of the applicable Related Documents carries a current Cash pay interest rate paid at a fixed rate of not less than 3.5 per annum , (y) the terms of the applicable Related Documents do not permit the amount of current Cash pay interest to be less than 25 of the ordinary specified interest at any time and (z) the terms of the applicable Related Documents do not permit any accrued and unpaid interest to be deferred for more than 12 months or paid later than the date that is 12 months after the initial due date for such interest. 
 Participant means any bank or other Person to whom a participation is sold as permitted by Section 13.06(c). 
 Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 13.06(c)(ii). 
 PATRIOT Act has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 13.15. 
 Payment Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.03. 
 -33- 

Payment Date means the 20th day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with June 20, 2019 provided that, if any such day is not a Business Day, then such Payment Date shall be the next succeeding Business Day. 
 Payment Date Report has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.07(b). 
 Payment Date Report Determination Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.07(b). 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, or any successor agency or entity performing substantially the same functions. 
 Percentage means with respect to any Lender as of any date of determination, (a) with respect to each Lender party listed on Schedule 1, the percentage applicable to such Lender on such date of determination as specified on Schedule 1, as such amount is reduced by any Assignment and Acceptance entered into by such Lender with an assignee or increased by any Assignment and Acceptance entered into by such Lender with an assignor, and (b) with respect to each Lender not listed on Schedule 1 that has become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance, the percentage set forth therein as such Lender s Percentage, as such amount is reduced by an Assignment and Acceptance entered into between such Lender and an assignee or increased by any Assignment and Acceptance entered into by such Lender with an assignor. 
 Permitted Assignee means (a) a Lender or any of its Affiliates or (b) any Person managed by a Lender or any of its Affiliates. 
 Permitted Currencies means Pounds Sterling, Euro, Dollars and Canadian Dollars. 
 Permitted Distribution means, on any Business Day, distributions of (x) Interest Proceeds so long as immediately after giving effect to such Permitted Distribution, sufficient Interest Proceeds remain to pay all amounts payable on the immediately following Payment Date pursuant to Section 9.01(a)(i) as determined by the Servicer in good faith and or (y) prior to the last day of the Reinvestment Period, Principal Proceeds provided that amounts may be distributed pursuant to this definition so long as (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (or would occur after giving effect to such Permitted Distribution) and (ii) the OC Ratio would be at least 107.5 immediately after giving effect to such Permitted Distribution. 
 Permitted Liens means any of the following (a) Liens for Taxes if such Taxes shall not at the time be due and payable or if a Person shall currently be contesting the validity thereof in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in accordance with GAAP have been provided on the books of such Person (b) Liens imposed by law, such as materialmen s, warehousemen s, mechanics , carriers , workmen s and repairmen s Liens and other similar Liens, arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of business for sums that are not overdue or are being contested in good faith (c) Liens granted pursuant to or by the Facility Documents, (d) judgement Liens not constituting an Event of Default hereunder, (e) bankers Liens, rights of setoff and other similar Liens existing solely with respect to cash and cash equivalents on deposit in one or more accounts maintained by such Person, in each case granted in the ordinary course of business in favor of the bank or banks with which such accounts are maintained, securing amounts owing to such bank with respect to cash management, operating account arrangements and netting arrangements, (f) with respect to collateral underlying any Collateral Loan, the Lien in favor of the Borrower herein and Liens permitted under the underlying instruments related to such Collateral Loan, (g) as to any agented Collateral Loan, Liens in favor of the agent on behalf of all the lenders to the related obligor and (h) Liens 
 -34- 

of clearing agencies, broker-dealers and similar Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business, provided that such Liens (x) attach only to the securities (or proceeds) being purchased or sold and (y) secure only obligations incurred in connection with such purchase or sale, and not any obligation in connection with financing. 
 Permitted Offer means a tender offer pursuant to the terms of which the offeror offers to acquire a debt obligation (including a Collateral Loan) in exchange for consideration consisting of (x) Cash in an amount equal to or greater than the full face amount of the debt obligation being exchanged plus any accrued and unpaid interest or (y) other debt obligations that rank pari passu or senior to the debt obligation being exchanged which have a face amount equal to or greater than the full face amount of the debt obligation being exchanged and are eligible to be Collateral Loans plus any accrued and unpaid interest in Cash. 
 Permitted RIC Distribution means distributions to the Equityholder (from the Collection Account or otherwise) to the extent required to allow the Equityholdert to make sufficient distributions to qualify as a regulated investment company and to otherwise eliminate federal or state income or excise taxes payable by the Equityholder in or with respect to any taxable year of the Equityholder (or any calendar year, as relevant) provided that (A) the amount of any such payments made in or with respect to any such taxable year (or calendar year, as relevant) of the Equityholder shall not exceed 115 of the amounts that the Borrower would have been required to distribute to the Equityholder to (i) allow the Borrower to satisfy the minimum distribution requirements that would be imposed by Section 852(a) of the Code (or any successor thereto) to maintain its eligibility to be taxed as a regulated investment company for any such taxable year, (ii) reduce to zero for any such taxable year the Borrower s liability for federal income taxes imposed on (x) its investment company taxable income pursuant to Section 852(b)(1) of the Code (or any successor thereto) or (y) its net capital gain pursuant to Section 852(b)(3) of the Code (or any successor thereto), and (iii) reduce to zero the Borrower s liability for federal excise taxes for any such calendar year imposed pursuant to Section 4982 of the Code (or any successor thereto), in the case of each of (i), (ii) or (iii), calculated assuming that the Borrower had qualified to be taxed as a regulated investment company under the Code, (B) after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the amount of Permitted RIC Distributions made in any calendar quarter shall not exceed U.S. 1,500,000 (or such greater amount consented to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) and (C) amounts may be distributed pursuant to this definition only to the extent of available Excess Interest Proceeds and or Principal Proceeds and only so long as (x) the Coverage Tests are satisfied immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect to such Permitted RIC Distribution (unless otherwise consented to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), (y) the Borrower certifies the above in a RIC Distribution Notice to the Administrative Agent at least two (2) Business Days prior to the applicable distribution and (z) the Borrower provides at least two (2) Business Days prior written notice thereof to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator. 
 Permitted Working Capital Lien has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of First Lien Loan . 
 Person means an individual or a corporation (including a business trust), partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint stock company, limited liability company, government (or an agency or political subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind. 
 PIK Loan means a Collateral Loan (other than a Partial PIK Loan) that permits the Obligor thereon to defer or capitalize any portion of the accrued interest thereon. 
 -35- 

Plan means an employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) which is covered by Title IV of ERISA or subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code that is sponsored by the Borrower or a member of its ERISA Group or to which the Borrower or a member of its ERISA Group is obligated to make contributions or has any liability. 
 Plan Asset Rule has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.01(m). 
 Portfolio Advance Rate Adjustment means, as of any date of determination, the highest applicable percentage set forth on the table below 
 Diversity Score Advance Rate Adjustment Less than 4 
 40 Greater than or equal to 4, but less than 7 
 60 Greater than or equal to 7, but less than 10 
 80 Greater than or equal to 10 
 100 
 Post-Default Rate means a rate per annum equal to the rate of interest otherwise in effect pursuant to this Agreement (or, if no such rate is specified, the Base Rate) plus 2.00 per annum . 
 Potential Servicer Removal Event means any event which, with the passage of time, the giving of notice, or both, would (if not cured or otherwise remedied during such time) constitute a Servicer Removal Event. 
 Pounds Sterling and means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
 Prime Rate means the rate announced by BNP from time to time as its prime rate in the United States, such rate to change as and when such designated rate changes. The Prime Rate is not intended to be the lowest rate of interest charged by BNP in connection with extensions of credit to debtors. 
 Principal Balance means, with respect to any loan, as of any date of determination, the outstanding principal amount of such loan, excluding any capitalized interest. 
 Principal Collection Subaccount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.02(a). 
 Principal Proceeds means, with respect to any Collection Period or the related Determination Date, all amounts received by the Borrower during such Collection Period that do not constitute Interest Proceeds, including unapplied proceeds of the Advances and any amounts received by the Borrower as equity contributions (howsoever designated). 
 Priority of Payments has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.01(a). 
 Private Authorizations means all franchises, permits, licenses, approvals, consents and other authorizations of all Persons (other than Governmental Authorities). 
 -36- 

Proceeds has, with reference to any asset or property, the meaning assigned to it under Section 9-102(a)(64) of the UCC and, in any event, shall include any and all amounts from time to time paid or payable under or in connection with such asset or property. 
 QIB has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 13.06(e). 
 Qualified Institution means a depository institution or trust company organized under the laws of the United States of America or any one of the States thereof or the District of Columbia (or any domestic branch of a foreign bank), (a)(i) that has either (A) a long-term unsecured debt rating of A or better by S&P and A2 or better by Moody s or (B) a short-term unsecured debt rating or certificate of deposit rating of A-1 or better by S&P or P-1 or better by Moody s, (ii) the parent corporation of which has either (A) a long-term unsecured debt rating of A or better by S&P and A2 or better by Moody s or (B) a short-term unsecured debt rating or certificate of deposit rating of A-1 or better by S&P and P-1 or better by Moody s or (iii) is otherwise acceptable to the Administrative Agent and (b) the deposits of which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. 
 Qualified Purchaser has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 13.06(e). 
 Recipient means the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Secured Party. 
 Recurring Revenue means, with respect to any Obligor, (a) the Recurring Revenue of such Obligor or any comparable term defined in the Related Documents, or (b) in the case of any Collateral Loan with respect to which the Related Documents do not include a definition of Recurring Revenue or any comparable term, the amount of revenues of such Obligor in respect of perpetual licenses, subscription, service, support, hosting agreements, maintenance streams or other similar and perpetual cash flow streams, as calculated by the Servicer in good faith in accordance with the Servicing Standard using information from and calculations consistent with the relevant compliance statements and financial reporting packages provided by the relevant Obligor as per the requirements of the Related Documents. 
 Recurring Revenue Loan means a Collateral Loan that meets each of the following criteria as of the date of acquisition or origination (except as expressly set forth below) by the Borrower, subject to waiver by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the definition of Eligible Collateral Loan herein (for the avoidance of doubt, if any Collateral Loan does not meet the below listed conditions, but such failure is waived by the Administrative Agent, such Collateral Loan shall still be subject to the Advance Rates, Concentration Limitations and Revaluation Events applicable to Recurring Revenue Loans set forth herein) 
 (a) such Collateral Loan is a (i) First Lien Loan or (ii) a First Lien Last Out Loan 
 (b) the Obligor with respect to such Collateral Loan is in a high growth industry or industry that customarily has businesses with revenue derived from perpetual licenses, subscription, service, support, hosting agreements, maintenance streams or other similar and perpetual cash flow streams, as determined by the Servicer, in good faith in accordance with the Servicing Standard 
 (c) does not include and would not customarily be expected to include a financial covenant based on debt to EBITDA or a similar multiple of debt to operating cash flow 
 -37- 

(d) the Obligor with respect to such Collateral Loan has generated a minimum of 15,000,000 in TTM Recurring Revenue during the most recent reporting period 
 (e) the Net-Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue Ratio with respect to such Collateral Loan (i) for positive EBITDA company is less than 3.00 1.00 as of the later of the initial closing date of such Collateral Loan or the most recent Obligor Measurement Date, as applicable or (ii) for negative EBITDA company is less than 2.50 1.00 as of the later of the initial closing date of such Collateral Loan or the most recent Obligor Measurement Date, as applicable, 
 (f) the Related Documents for such Collateral Loan require the Obligor with respect to such Collateral Loan to meet at least one (1) maintenance financial covenant, as determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, which may include a covenant for minimum liquidity and maximum ratio of principal loan amount outstanding to TTM Recurring Revenue and 
 (g) is designated as a Recurring Revenue Loan by the Borrower as of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date or, if made after the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, the date of acquisition or origination by the Borrower. 
 Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 13.06(d). 
 Regulation T , Regulation U and Regulation X mean Regulation T, U and X, respectively, of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as in effect from time to time. 
 Reinvestment Period means the period from and including the Closing Date to and including the earlier of (a) December 21, 2024 (or such later date as may be agreed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each Lender pursuant to Section 2.16) and (b) the date of the termination of the Commitments pursuant to Section 6.01. 
 Related Documents means, with respect to any Collateral Loan, (i) the loan or credit agreement evidencing such Collateral Loan, (ii) the principal security agreement, and (iii) if the same can be obtained without undue expense or effort, all other documents evidencing, securing, guarantying, governing or giving rise to such Collateral Loan. 
 Relevant Test Period means, with respect to any Collateral Loan, the relevant test period for the calculation of EBITDA, Cash Interest Coverage Ratio, Debt Service Coverage Ratio or Total Net Leverage Ratio, as applicable, for such Collateral Loan in the applicable Related Documents or, if no such period is provided for therein, for Obligors delivering monthly financial statements, each period of the last twelve consecutive reported calendar months, and for Obligors delivering quarterly financial statements, each period of the last four consecutive reported fiscal quarters of the principal Obligor on such Collateral Loan provided that, with respect to any Collateral Loan for which the relevant test period is not provided for in the applicable Related Documents, if an Obligor is a newly-formed entity as to which twelve consecutive calendar months have not yet elapsed, Relevant Test Period shall initially include the period from the date of formation of such Obligor or closing date of the applicable Collateral Loan to the end of the twelfth calendar month or fourth fiscal quarter (as the case may be) from the date of formation or closing, as applicable, and shall subsequently include each period of the last twelve consecutive reported calendar months or four consecutive reported fiscal quarters (as the case may be) of such Obligor. 
 -38- 

Replacement Servicer has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.01(c). 
 Requested Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.03. 
 Required Lenders means, as of any date of determination, the Administrative Agent and Lenders having aggregate Percentages greater than or equal to 66 2 3 provided , however , that if any Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender at such time, then Advances owing to such Defaulting Lender and such Defaulting Lender s unfunded Commitments shall be excluded from the determination of Required Lenders. 
 Responsible Officer means (a) in the case of (i) a corporation or (ii) a partnership or limited liability company that, in each case, pursuant to its Constituent Documents, has officers, any chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief administrative officer, managing director, president, senior vice president, vice president, assistant vice president, treasurer, director or manager, and, in any case where two Responsible Officers are acting on behalf of such entity, the second such Responsible Officer may be a secretary or assistant secretary (provided that a director or manager of the Borrower shall be a Responsible Officer regardless of whether its Constituent Documents provide for officers), (b) without limitation of clause (a)(ii), in the case of a limited partnership, the Responsible Officer of the general partner, acting on behalf of such general partner in its capacity as general partner, (c) without limitation of clause (a)(ii), in the case of a limited liability company, any Responsible Officer of the sole member or managing member, acting on behalf of the sole member or managing member in its capacity as sole member or managing member, (d) in the case of a trust, the Responsible Officer of the trustee, acting on behalf of such trustee in its capacity as trustee, (e) an authorized signatory or authorized officer that has been so authorized pursuant to customary corporate proceedings, limited partnership proceedings, limited liability company proceedings or trust proceedings, as the case may be, and that has responsibilities commensurate with the matter for which it is acting as a Responsible Officer the initial authorized signatories of the parties hereto are set forth on Schedule 6 (as such Schedule 6 may be modified from time to time by written notice), and (f) in the case of the Custodian, the Securities Intermediary, the Collateral Agent or Administrative Agent, an officer of the Custodian, the Securities Intermediary, the Collateral Agent or Administrative Agent, as applicable, having direct responsibility for the administration of this Agreement. 
 Retention Basis Amount means the nominal value of all Collateral Loans held by the Borrower from time to time. 
 Revaluation Event means, with respect to any Collateral Loan as of any date of determination, the occurrence of any one or more of the following events (any of which, for the avoidance of doubt, may occur more than once) 
 (a) 1) for any Collateral Loan that is not a Recurring Revenue Loan i) the trailing 12-month (or such lesser time if the most recent 12-month is not available) EBITDA (based on the most recently reported information of the related Obligor) of such Collateral Loan decreases by more than 25.0 from either (x) the trailing 12-month (or such lesser time if the most recent 12-month is not available) EBITDA of the Obligor measured for the period ending 12 months (or such lesser time elapsed from the closing date of such Collateral Loan) prior or (y) the trailing 12-month (or such lesser time if the most recent 12-month is not available) EBITDA calculated on the date the Borrower acquired such Collateral Loan or (ii) the Total Net Leverage Ratio for the current period of the related Obligor with respect to such Collateral Loan increases by more than 1.25x from the ratio calculated on the date the Borrower acquired such Collateral Loan or (2) for any Collateral Loan that is a Recurring Revenue Loan (i) the trailing 12-month (or 
 -39- 

such lesser time if the most recent 12-month is not available) Recurring Revenue (based on the most recently reported information of the related Obligor) of such Collateral Loan decreases by more than 25.0 from either (x) the trailing 12-month (or such lesser time if the most recent 12-month is not available) Recurring Revenue of the Obligor measured for the period ending 12 months (or such lesser time elapsed from the origination of such Collateral Loan) prior or (y) the trailing 12-month (or such lesser time if the most recent 12-month is not available) Recurring Revenue calculated on the date the Borrower acquired such Collateral Loan (or on such baseline Recurring Revenue as may be reasonably agreed to by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf)) or (ii) the Net-Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue Ratio for the current period of the related Obligor with respect to such Collateral Loan increases by more than 1.25x from the ratio calculated on the date the Borrower acquired such Collateral Loan (or on such other baseline Net-Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue Ratio as may be reasonably agreed to by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf)) 
 (b) an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Obligor 
 (c) an Obligor default in the payment of principal or interest on revolving loan facilities (giving effect to any applicable grace period under the Related Documents, but not to exceed five days) with respect to such Collateral Loan or any other debt obligation of such Obligor secured by the same collateral and which is senior or pari passu to such Collateral Loan or the occurrence of any other default with respect to such Collateral Loan, in each case, together with the election by any agent or lender (including the Borrower) to accelerate such Collateral Loan or to enforce any other respective secured creditor rights or remedies 
 (d) the Servicer grades such Collateral Loan 5 or lower (or any equivalent rating) on its internal grading scale 
 (e) the occurrence of a Material Modification with respect to such Collateral Loan that was not approved by the Administrative Agent (in its sole discretion) or 
 (f) the related Obligor fails to deliver to the Borrower or the Servicer any financial reporting information (i) as required by the Related Documents of such Collateral Loan (giving effect to any applicable grace period thereunder) and (ii) no less frequently than quarterly (subject to the delivery requirements of the Related Documents). 
 Revolving Collateral Loan means any Collateral Loan (other than a Delayed Drawdown Collateral Loan) that is a loan (including revolving loans, funded and unfunded portions of revolving credit lines and letter of credit facilities, unfunded commitments under specific facilities and other similar loans and investments) that by its terms may require one or more future advances to be made to the related Obligor by the Borrower and which provides that such borrowed money may be repaid and re-borrowed from time to time provided that any such Collateral Loan will be a Revolving Collateral Loan only until all commitments to make revolving advances to the Obligor expire or are terminated or irrevocably reduced to zero. 
 Revolving Exposure means, at any time, the sum of the aggregate Unfunded Amount of each Collateral Loan (including each Ineligible Collateral Loan and each Defaulted Collateral Loan) at such time. 
 Revolving Reserve Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.04. 
 -40- 

RIC Distribution Notice means a written notice setting forth the calculation of the Borrower s net taxable income (determined as if the Borrower were a domestic corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) and of any Permitted RIC Distribution and certifying that the Equityholder remains a regulated investment company under Subchapter M of the Code. 
 S&P means S&P Global Ratings, a Standard & Poor s Financial Services, LLC business. 
 S&P Industry Classification means the industry classifications set forth in Schedule 2 hereto, as such industry classifications shall be updated at the option of the Servicer if S&P publishes revised industry classifications. The determination of which S&P Industry Classification to which an Obligor belongs shall be made in good faith by the Servicer. 
 Sale Settlement Condition means, with respect to any binding commitment of the Borrower to sell a Collateral Loan, a condition that is beyond the control of the Borrower and or the Servicer, as certified in writing by the Servicer to the Administrative Agent, which has resulted in the settlement of such sale not occurring within 30 days of the date of the Borrower entering into such binding commitment to sell. 
 Sale Settlement Pending Collateral means, on any date of determination, Collateral Loans that the Borrower, within the immediately preceding 30 days (or if a Sale Settlement Condition applies, within the immediately preceding 45 days), has entered into a binding commitment to sell that has not settled. 
 Sanctioned Country has the meaning given to such term in Section 4.01(r). 
 Sanctioned Person has the meaning given to such term in Section 4.01(r). 
 Sanctions means any economic or trade sanctions or restrictive measures enacted, administered, imposed or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or any EU member state, the French Republic, Her Majesty s Treasury and or any other relevant sanctions authority. 
 Scheduled Distribution means, with respect to any Collateral Loan, for each Due Date, the scheduled payment of principal and or interest and or fees due on such Due Date with respect to such Collateral Loan. 
 Scheduled Unavailability Date has the meaning given to such term in Section 2.18(a)(ii). 
 Screen Rate has the meaning assigned to it in the definition of LIBOR. 
 Second Amendment Date means August 2, 2019. 
 Second Lien BSL means any Second Lien Loan that is a Broadly Syndicated Loan. 
 Second Lien BSL Loan means any Collateral Loan (for purposes of this definition, a loan that meets the following criteria 
 (g) is secured by a pledge of collateral which security interest is validly perfected and second priority (subject to liens permitted under the related underlying instruments that are reasonable and customary for similar Collateral Loans) under 
 -41- 

Applicable Law (other than a Collateral Loan that is second priority to a Permitted Working Capital Lien) and 
 (h) the Servicer determines in good faith that the value of the collateral securing the Collateral Loan (including based on enterprise value) on or about the time of origination or acquisition by the Borrower equals or exceeds the outstanding principal balance of the Collateral Loan plus the aggregate outstanding balances of all other Collateral Loans of equal or higher seniority secured by the same collateral and . 
 (c) is a Broadly Syndicated Loan. 
 Second Lien Middle Market Loan means any Second Lien Loan that is not a Broadly Syndicated Loan provided that the Obligors of such Second Lien Middle Market Loan shall have an EBITDA on a consolidated basis of greater than or equal to 35,000,000 (as of the date such Collateral Loan is acquired). 
 Secured Parties means the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Custodian, each Lender, the Servicer (to the extent the Servicer has not been removed), Wells Fargo, in its capacity as Securities Intermediary under the Account Control Agreement, and, if applicable, the Replacement Servicer. 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, all as from time to time in effect. 
 Securities Intermediary shall mean Wells Fargo in its capacity as Securities Intermediary under the Account Control Agreement and any other entity as defined in Section 8-102(a)(14) of the UCC. 
 Securitisation Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017 2402. 
 Security Entitlement has the meaning specified in Section 8-102(a)(17) of the UCC. 
 Senior Net Leverage Ratio means, with respect to any Collateral Loan for any Relevant Test Period, the meaning of Senior Net Leverage Ratio or any comparable term defined in the Related Documents for such Loan, and in any case that Senior Net Leverage Ratio or such comparable term is not defined in such Related Documents, the ratio of (a) total indebtedness (other than indebtedness of such Obligor that is junior in terms of lien subordination to indebtedness of such Obligor held by the Borrower) minus Unrestricted Cash and cash equivalents to (b) EBITDA as calculated by the Servicer in accordance with the Servicing Standard. 
 Servicer means Blackstone GSO Secured Lending Fund, in its capacity as servicer hereunder and any successor thereto in accordance herewith. 
 Servicer Expense Cap means, for any Payment Date, an amount not to exceed 75,000 during any twelve (12) month period. 
 Servicer Expenses means the out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Servicer in connection with the Facility Documents. 
 Servicer Fee means, for any Collection Period, an amount equal to the product of (i) 0.35 per annum multiplied by (ii) the Fee Basis Amount (calculated on the basis of a 360- 
 -42- 

day year and the actual number of days elapsed in the related Collection Period) provided that, the Servicer Fee is waived so long as Blackstone GSO Secured Lending Fund is the Servicer. 
 Servicer Removal Event means any one of the following events 
 (i) except as set forth in another clause of this definition, the Servicer breaches in any material respect any covenant or agreement applicable to it under this Agreement or any other Facility Document to which it is a party (it being understood that failure to meet any Coverage Test or Concentration Limitation is not a breach under this subclause (a)), and, if capable of being cured, is not cured within 30 days of the earlier of (i) a Responsible Officer of the Servicer acquiring actual knowledge of such breach or (ii) its receiving written notice from either Agent of such breach 
 (j) the occurrence and continuation of an Event of Default 
 (k) an act by the Servicer, or any of its senior investment personnel actively involved in managing the portfolio of the Borrower, that constitutes fraud or criminal activity in the performance of its obligations under the Facility Documents or the Servicer or any of its senior investment personnel actively involved in managing the portfolio of the Borrower being indicted for a criminal offense materially related to its asset management business provided that the Servicer will be deemed to have cured any event of cause pursuant to this clause (c) if the Servicer terminates or causes the termination of employment of all individuals who engaged in the conduct constituting cause pursuant to this clause (c) and makes the Borrower whole for any actual financial loss that such conduct caused the Borrower 
 (l) the failure of any representation, warranty, or certification made or delivered by the Servicer in or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Facility Document to be correct when made that has a Material Adverse Effect on the Borrower or any Secured Party and is either incapable of being cured or is not cured within 30 days of the earlier of (i) a Responsible Officer of the Servicer acquiring actual knowledge of such breach or (ii) its receiving written notice from either Agent of such breach 
 (m) the rendering of one or more final judgments, decrees or orders by a court or arbitrator of competent jurisdiction for the payment of money in excess individually or in the aggregate of 5,000,000, with respect to the Servicer (in each case, net of amounts covered by insurance), and the Servicer shall not have either (i) discharged or provided for the discharge of any such judgment, decree or order in accordance with its terms or (ii) perfected a timely appeal of such judgment, decree or order and caused the execution of same to be stayed during the pendency of the appeal, in each case, within sixty (60) days from the date of entry thereof 
 (n) the Servicer shall have made payments to settle any litigation, claim or dispute totaling more than, in the aggregate, 5,000,000 
 (o) an Insolvency Event relating to the Servicer occurs 
 (p) Blackstone GSO Secured Lending Fund, GSO Asset Management LLC or an Affiliate thereof ceases to be the Servicer 
 (q) any failure by the Servicer to deliver any required reporting under the Facility Documents on or before the date occurring five (5) Business Days after the date such report is required to be made 
 -43- 

(r) any failure by the Servicer to deposit or credit, or to deliver for deposit, in the Covered Accounts any amount required hereunder to be so deposited, credited or delivered by it, or to make any distributions therefrom required by it, in each case on or before the date occurring three (3) Business Days after the date such deposit or distribution is required to be made by the Servicer or 
 (s) a Change of Control occurs. 
 Servicer Removal Notice shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.01(b). 
 Servicing Standard has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.02(d). 
 Sixth Amendment Effective Date means February 28, 2022. 
 Solvent means, as to any Person, such Person is not insolvent within the meaning of Section 101(32) of the Bankruptcy Code or Section 271 of the Debtor and Creditor Law of the State of New York. 
 Special Amortization Period means the period commencing on and including the date occurring twelve (12) months following the Third Amendment Date, and ending on but excluding the date on which the aggregate outstanding amount of the Advances does not exceed the Maximum Facility Amount as of such date provided that, if, upon the date occurring twelve (12) months following the Third Amendment Date, the aggregate outstanding amount of the Advances does not exceed the Maximum Facility Amount as of such date, then no Special Amortization Period shall be in effect. 
 Specified Eligible Investment means an Eligible Investment meeting the requirements of Section 8.06(a) and that is available to the Collateral Agent, specified by the Servicer to the Collateral Agent (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) on or prior to the initial Borrowing Date provided that, so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and then be continuing, at any time with not less than five Business Days notice to the Collateral Agent (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) the Servicer may (and, if the then Specified Eligible Investment is no longer available to the Collateral Agent, shall) designate another Eligible Investment that meets the requirements of Section 8.06(a) and that is available to the Collateral Agent to be the Specified Eligible Investment for purposes hereof. After the occurrence and continuation of an Event of Default, a Specified Eligible Investment shall mean an Eligible Investment meeting the requirements of Section 8.06(a) and which has been selected by the Administrative Agent and specified to the Collateral Agent. 
 Structured Finance Obligation means any debt obligation owing by a finance vehicle that is secured directly and primarily by, primarily referenced to, and or primarily representing ownership of, a pool of receivables or a pool of other assets, including collateralized debt obligations, residential mortgage-backed securities, commercial mortgage-backed securities, other asset-backed securities, future flow receivable transactions and other similar obligations provided that loans to financial service companies, factoring businesses, health care providers and other genuine operating businesses do not constitute Structured Finance Obligations. 
 Synthetic Security means a security or swap transaction (excluding, for purposes of this Agreement, a participation interest) that has payments associated with either payments of interest and or principal on a reference obligation or the credit performance of a reference obligation. 
 -44- 

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Third Amendment Date means September 27, 2019. 
 Total Net Leverage Ratio means, with respect to any Collateral Loan for any Relevant Test Period, the meaning of Total Leverage Ratio, Total Net Leverage Ratio or any comparable term relating to total indebtedness defined in the Related Documents for such Loan, and in any case that Total Leverage Ratio, Total Net Leverage Ratio or such comparable term is not defined in such Related Documents, the ratio of (a) total indebtedness secured by a lien at such time minus Unrestricted Cash and cash equivalents to (b) EBITDA as calculated by the Servicer in accordance with the Servicing Standard. 
 Trade Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.04(l). 
 Tranche A means, at any time, all Tranche A Collateral Loans at such time. 
 Tranche A Advance means each Advance allocated to Tranche A pursuant to, and in accordance with, this Agreement. 
 Tranche A Borrowing Base means, at any time, an amount, equal to the lesser of (A) 575,000,000 and (B) the sum of (i) the amounts in the Principal Collection Subaccount, (ii) the product of (x) the Weighted Average Tranche A Advance Rate (excluding the portion of the Sale Settlement Pending Collateral allocable to Tranche A Collateral Loans from the calculation of the Weighted Average Tranche A Advance Rate) as of such date, (y) the Portfolio Advance Rate Adjustment as of such date and (z) the Aggregate Tranche A Net Collateral Balance as of such date (excluding the portion of the Sale Settlement Pending Collateral allocable to the Tranche A Collateral Loans from the calculation of the Aggregate Tranche A Net Collateral Balance) and (iii) the aggregate sale price (expressed in Dollars) of the portion of the Sale Settlement Pending Collateral allocable to Tranche A Collateral Loans. 
 Tranche A Collateral Loans means, at any time, all First Lien BSLs that are Eligible Collateral Loans. 
 Tranche A Minimum OC Coverage Test means a test that shall be satisfied if the Tranche A OC Ratio is equal to or greater than 100 . 
 Tranche A OC Ratio means, as of any Business Day, 
 (a) the Tranche A Borrowing Base divided by 
 (b) the sum of (x) the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Tranche A Advances and (y) the aggregate purchase price of all potential Tranche A Collateral Loans for which the Borrower has entered into a binding commitment to purchase that have not yet settled. 
 Tranche B means, at any time, all Tranche B Collateral Loans at such time. 
 Tranche B Advance means each Advance allocated to Tranche B pursuant to, and in accordance with, this Agreement. 
 Tranche B Borrowing Base means, at any time, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the amounts in the Principal Collection Subaccount, (ii) the product of (x) the Weighted 
 -45- 

Average Tranche B Advance Rate (excluding the portion of the Sale Settlement Pending Collateral allocable to Tranche B Collateral Loans from the calculation of the Weighted Average Tranche B Advance Rate) as of such date, (y) the Portfolio Advance Rate Adjustment as of such date and (z) the Aggregate Tranche B Net Collateral Balance as of such date (excluding the portion of the Sale Settlement Pending Collateral allocable to Tranche B Collateral Loans from the calculation of the Aggregate Tranche B Net Collateral Balance) and (iii) the aggregate sale price (expressed in Dollars) of the portion of the Sale Settlement Pending Collateral allocable to Tranche B Collateral Loans. 
 Tranche B Collateral Loans means, at any time, all First Lien Middle Market Loans whose Obligors have an EBITDA of greater than 25,000,000 at origination that are Eligible Collateral Loans. 
 Tranche B Minimum OC Coverage Test means a test that shall be satisfied if the Tranche B OC Ratio is equal to or greater than 100 . 
 Tranche B OC Ratio means, as of any Business Day, 
 (a) the sum of (1) the Tranche A Borrowing Base and (2) the Tranche B Borrowing Base divided by 
 (b) the sum of (1) the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Tranche A Advances, (2) the aggregate purchase price of all potential Tranche A Collateral Loans for which the Borrower has entered into a binding commitment to purchase that have not yet settled, (3) the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Tranche B Advances and (4) the aggregate purchase price of all potential Tranche B Collateral Loans for which the Borrower has entered into a binding commitment to purchase that have not yet settled. 
 Tranche C means, at any time, all Tranche C Collateral Loans at such time. 
 Tranche C Advance means each Advance allocated to Tranche C pursuant to, and in accordance with, this Agreement. 
 Tranche C Borrowing Base means, at any time, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the amounts in the Principal Collection Subaccount, (ii) the product of (x) the Weighted Average Tranche C Advance Rate (excluding the portion of the Sale Settlement Pending Collateral allocable to Tranche C Collateral Loans from the calculation of the Weighted Average Tranche C Advance Rate) as of such date, (y) the Portfolio Advance Rate Adjustment as of such date and (z) the Aggregate Tranche C Net Collateral Balance as of such date (excluding the portion of the Sale Settlement Pending Collateral allocable to Tranche C Collateral Loans from the calculation of the Aggregate Tranche C Net Collateral Balance) and (iii) the aggregate sale price (expressed in Dollars) of the portion of the Sale Settlement Pending Collateral allocable to Tranche C Collateral Loans. 
 Tranche C Collateral Loans means, at any time, all First Lien Middle Market Loans whose Obligors have an EBITDA of less than or equal to 25,000,000 at origination, First Lien Last Out Loans and Second Lien Loans that are, in each case, Eligible Collateral Loans. 
 Tranche C Minimum OC Coverage Test means a test that shall be satisfied if the Tranche C OC Ratio is equal to or greater than 100 . 
 Tranche C OC Ratio means, as of any Business Day, 
 -46- 

(a) the sum of (1) the Tranche A Borrowing Base, (2) the Tranche B Borrowing Base and (3) the Tranche C Borrowing Base divided by 
 (b) the sum of (1) the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Tranche A Advances, (2) the aggregate purchase price of all potential Tranche A Collateral Loans for which the Borrower has entered into a binding commitment to purchase that have not yet settled, (3) the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Tranche B Advances, (4) the aggregate purchase price of all potential Tranche B Collateral Loans for which the Borrower has entered into a binding commitment to purchase that have not yet settled, (5) the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Tranche C Advances and (6) the aggregate purchase price of all potential Tranche C Collateral Loans for which the Borrower has entered into a binding commitment to purchase that have not yet settled. 
 Tranche Minimum OC Coverage Test means the Tranche A Minimum OC Coverage Test, the Tranche B Minimum OC Coverage Test or the Tranche C Minimum OC Coverage Test, as applicable. 
 Tranches means each of the Tranche A Advances, Tranche B Advances and the Tranche C Advances. 
 TTM Recurring Revenue means, with respect to any Obligor and any date, the Recurring Revenue for such Obligor for the trailing twelve months ending on such date, as calculated by the Servicer in good faith in accordance with the Servicing Standard using information from and calculations consistent with the relevant compliance statements and financial reporting packages provided by the relevant Obligor as per the requirements of the Related Documents. 
 UCC means the New York Uniform Commercial Code provided that if, by reason of any mandatory provisions of law, the perfection, the effect of perfection or non-perfection or priority of the security interests granted to the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement are governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction of the United States of America other than the State of New York, then UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in such other jurisdiction for purposes of such perfection, effect of perfection or non-perfection or priority. 
 Uncertificated Security has the meaning specified in Section 8-102(a)(18) of the UCC. 
 Unfunded Amount means, with respect to any Collateral Loan, as of any date of determination, the unfunded commitment of the Borrower with respect to such Collateral Loan as of such date. 
 Unrestricted Cash has the meaning assigned to the term Unrestricted Cash or any comparable term defined in the Related Documents for each Collateral Loan, and in any case that Unrestricted Cash or such comparable term is not defined in such Related Documents, all cash available for use for general corporate purposes and not held in any reserve account or legally or contractually restricted for any particular purposes or subject to any lien (other than blanket liens permitted under or granted in accordance with such Related Documents). 
 U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 -47- 

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 13.03(g)(iii). 
 Volcker Rule means Section 13 of the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and the applicable rules and regulations thereunder. 
 Weighted Average Advance Rate means, as of any date of determination with respect to all Eligible Collateral Loans included in the Aggregate Net Collateral Balance, the number obtained by (a) summing the products obtained by multiplying (i) the Advance Rate of each Eligible Collateral Loan by (ii) such Eligible Collateral Loan s contribution to the Aggregate Net Collateral Balance and dividing such sum by (b) the Aggregate Net Collateral Balance. 
 Weighted Average Tranche A Advance Rate means, as of any date of determination with respect to all Tranche A Collateral Loans included in the Aggregate Tranche A Net Collateral Balance, the number obtained by (a) summing the products obtained by multiplying (i) the Advance Rate of each Tranche A Collateral Loan by (ii) such Tranche A Collateral Loan s contribution to the Aggregate Tranche A Net Collateral Balance and dividing (b) such sum by the Aggregate Tranche A Net Collateral Balance. 
 Weighted Average Tranche B Advance Rate means, as of any date of determination with respect to all Tranche B Collateral Loans included in the Aggregate Tranche B Net Collateral Balance, the number obtained by (a) summing the products obtained by multiplying (i) the Advance Rate of each Tranche B Collateral Loan by (ii) such Tranche B Collateral Loan s contribution to the Aggregate Tranche B Net Collateral Balance and dividing (b) such sum by the Aggregate Tranche B Net Collateral Balance. 
 Weighted Average Tranche C Advance Rate means, as of any date of determination with respect to all Tranche C Collateral Loans included in the Aggregate Tranche C Net Collateral Balance, the number obtained by (a) summing the products obtained by multiplying (i) the Advance Rate of each Tranche C Collateral Loan by (ii) such Tranche C Collateral Loan s contribution to the Aggregate Tranche C Net Collateral Balance and dividing (b) such sum by the Aggregate Tranche C Net Collateral Balance. 
 Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 
 Working Capital Revolver means a revolving lending facility secured on a first lien basis solely by all or a portion of the current assets of the related obligor, which current assets subject to such security interest do not constitute a material portion of the obligor s total assets (it being understood that such revolving lending facility may be secured on a junior lien basis by other assets of the related obligor). 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time in relation to any Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described as such in relation to that Bail-in Legislation in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
 Zero Coupon Obligation means a Collateral Loan that does not provide for periodic payments of interest in Cash or that pays interest only at its stated maturity. 
 -48- 

SECTION 1.2. Rules of Construction . For all purposes of this Agreement and the other Facility Documents, except as otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires, (a) singular words shall connote the plural as well as the singular and vice versa (except as indicated), as may be appropriate, (b) the words herein, hereof and hereunder and other words of similar import used in any Facility Document refer to such Facility Document as a whole and not to any particular article, schedule, section, paragraph, clause, exhibit or other subdivision thereof, (c) the headings, subheadings and table of contents set forth in any Facility Document are solely for convenience of reference and shall not constitute a part of such Facility Document nor shall they affect the meaning, construction or effect of any provision hereof, (d) references in any Facility Document to include or including shall mean include or including, as applicable, without limiting the generality of any description preceding such term, (e) any definition of or reference to any Facility Document, agreement, instrument or other document shall be construed as referring to such Facility Document, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, supplements or modifications set forth herein or any other Facility Document), (f) any reference in any Facility Document, including the introduction and recitals to such Facility Document, to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns (subject to any restrictions set forth herein or in any other applicable agreement), (g) any reference to any law or regulation herein shall refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified, supplemented or replaced from time to time, (h) any Event of Default shall be continuing until expressly waived in writing by the requisite Lenders, (i) except as set forth herein, references herein to the knowledge or actual knowledge of a Person shall mean the actual knowledge following due inquiry of such Person, (j) except as otherwise expressly provided for in this Agreement, any use of material or materially or words of similar meaning in this Agreement shall mean material, as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion and (k) unless otherwise expressly stated in this Agreement, if at any time any change in generally accepted accounting principles (including the adoption of IFRS) would affect the computation of any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) set forth in this Agreement or any other Facility Document, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall negotiate in good faith to amend such covenant to preserve the original intent in light of such change provided , that, until so amended, (i) such covenant shall continue to be computed in accordance with the application of generally accepted accounting principles prior to such change and (ii) the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent a written reconciliation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, between calculations of such covenant made before and after giving effect to such change in generally accepted accounting principles. 
 SECTION 1.3. Computation of Time Periods . Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Facility Document, in the computation of a period of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including, the word through means to and including and the words to and until both mean to but excluding. Periods of days referred to in any Facility Document shall be counted in calendar days unless Business Days are expressly prescribed. Unless otherwise indicated herein, all references to time of day refer to Eastern standard time or Eastern daylight saving time, as in effect in New York City on such day. 
 SECTION 1.4. Collateral Value Calculation Procedures . In connection with all calculations required to be made pursuant to this Agreement with respect to Scheduled Distributions on any Collateral Loan, or any payments on any other assets included in the Collateral, with respect to the sale of and reinvestment in Collateral Loans, and with respect to the income that can be earned on Scheduled Distributions on such Collateral Loans and on any other amounts that may be received for deposit in the Collection Account, the provisions set forth in this Section 1.04 shall be applied. The provisions of this Section 1.04 shall be applicable to any determination or calculation that is covered by this Section 1.04, whether or not reference 
 -49- 

is specifically made to Section 1.04, unless some other method of calculation or determination is expressly specified in the particular provision. 
 (a) All calculations with respect to Scheduled Distributions on any Collateral Loan shall be made on the basis of information as to the terms of each such Collateral Loan and upon reports of payments, if any, received on such Collateral Loan that are furnished by or on behalf of the Obligor of such Collateral Loan and, to the extent they are not manifestly in error, such information or reports may be conclusively relied upon in making such calculations. 
 (b) For purposes of calculating the Coverage Tests, except as otherwise specified in the Coverage Tests, such calculations will not include (i) scheduled interest and principal payments on Defaulted Collateral Loans and Ineligible Collateral Loans unless or until such payments are actually made or such payments are determined likely to be received by the Servicer pursuant to the definition of Collateral Interest Amount and (ii) ticking fees and other similar fees in respect of Collateral Loans, unless or until such fees are actually paid. 
 (c) For each Collection Period and as of any date of determination, the Scheduled Distribution on any Collateral Loan (other than a Defaulted Collateral Loan or an Ineligible Collateral Loan, which, unless such payments are determined likely to be received by the Servicer pursuant to the definition of Collateral Interest Amount and except as otherwise provided herein, shall be assumed to have Scheduled Distributions of zero) shall be the total amount of (i) payments and collections to be received during such Collection Period in respect of such Collateral Loan, (ii) proceeds of the sale of such Collateral Loan received and, in the case of sales which have not yet settled, to be received during such Collection Period that are not reinvested in additional Collateral Loans or retained in a Collection Account for subsequent reinvestment pursuant to Article X, which proceeds, if received as scheduled, will be available in a Collection Account and available for distribution at the end of such Collection Period and (iii) amounts referred to in clause (i) or (ii) above that were received in prior Collection Periods but were not disbursed on a previous Payment Date or retained in a Collection Account for subsequent reinvestment pursuant to Article X. 
 (d) Each Scheduled Distribution receivable with respect to a Collateral Loan shall be assumed to be received on the applicable Due Date. 
 (e) References in the Priority of Payments to calculations made on a pro forma basis shall mean such calculations after giving effect to all payments, in accordance with the Priority of Payments, that precede (in priority of payment) or include the clause in which such calculation is made. 
 (f) For purposes of calculating all Concentration Limitations, in both the numerator and the denominator of any component of the Concentration Limitations, Ineligible Collateral Loans will be treated as having a Principal Balance equal to zero. 
 (g) Determinations of the Collateral Loans, or portions thereof, that constitute Excess Concentration Amounts will be determined in the way that produces the highest Borrowing Base at the time of determination, it being understood that a Collateral Loan (or portion thereof) that falls into more than one category of Collateral Loans will be deemed, solely for purposes of such determinations, to fall only into the category that produces the highest such Borrowing Base at such time (without duplication). 
 (h) All calculations required to be made hereunder with respect to the Collateral Loans and the Borrowing Base shall be made on a trade date basis and after giving 
 -50- 

effect to (x) all purchases or sales to be entered into on such trade date and (y) all Advances requested to be made on such trade date plus the balance of all unfunded Advances to be made in connection with the Borrower s purchase of previously requested (and approved) Collateral Loans. 
 (i) Reserved. 
 (j) References in this Agreement to the Borrower s purchase or acquisition of a Collateral Loan include references to the Borrower s acquisition of such Collateral Loan by way of a sale and or contribution from the Equityholder and the Borrower s making or origination of such Collateral Loan. Portions of the same Collateral Loan acquired by the Borrower on different dates (whether through purchase, receipt by contribution or the making or origination thereof, but excluding subsequent draws under Revolving Collateral Loans or Delayed Drawdown Collateral Loans) will, for purposes of determining the purchase price of such Collateral Loan, be treated as separate purchases on separate dates (and not a weighted average purchase price for any particular Collateral Loan). 
 (k) For the purposes of calculating compliance with each of the Concentration Limitations all calculations will be rounded to the nearest 0.01 . 
 (l) For purposes of calculating compliance with any test under this Agreement in connection with the acquisition or disposition of a Collateral Loan or Eligible Investment, the trade date (the Trade Date (and not the settlement date) with respect to any such Collateral Loan or Eligible Investment under consideration for acquisition or disposition shall be used to determine whether such acquisition or disposition is permitted hereunder. 
 ARTICLE VII ADVANCES 
 SECTION 1.1. Revolving Credit Facility . On the terms and subject to the conditions hereinafter set forth, including Article III, each Lender severally agrees to make available to the Borrower an uncommitted revolving credit facility providing for Advances under each Tranche from time to time in Dollars on any Business Day during the Reinvestment Period (or immediately thereafter pursuant to Section 8.04), pro rata based on each Lender s unused Commitment as of such date, in each case in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding up to but not exceeding such Lender s Commitment and, as to all Lenders, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding up to but not exceeding the Maximum Available Amount as then in effect provided that, after making any such Advance, each Tranche s Tranche Minimum OC Coverage Test shall be satisfied. 
 Within such limits and subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Borrower may borrow Advances under this Section 2.01 and prepay Advances under Section 2.06. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the parties hereto acknowledge that this is an uncommitted facility and there is no express or implied commitment on the part of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to provide any Advance except that, in the case of Collateral Loans approved by means of an Approval Request or Approved List, the Lenders shall have committed to fund the related Advances (up to the amount(s) specified in the related Approval Request or Approved List) provided that the related conditions precedent set forth in Article III are satisfied. 
 -51- 

SECTION 1.2. Requests for Collateral Loan Approval . (a) Prior to the Closing Date, the Servicer, on behalf of the Borrower, shall provide to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Borrower) a list of Collateral Loans (the Asset List that the Borrower is requesting be included in the Approved List (as defined below) and which, subject to such inclusion, may be purchased with, if applicable, funds held in the Principal Collection Subaccount, the proceeds of Advances or Principal Proceeds pursuant to Section 10.02. The Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf) and the Administrative Agent shall adhere to the following procedures in requesting and approving Collateral Loans for purchase 
 (i) For each Collateral Loan on the Asset List sent to the Administrative Agent or for any single Approval Request pursuant to clause (vii) below, the Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf) may provide a notice by electronic mail that contains the information listed in Exhibit I with respect to each Collateral Loan (which information shall include the amount of the Advance to be requested in order to settle the related purchase) (together with any attachments required in connection therewith, an Approval Request ). 
 (ii) The initial Asset List which the Administrative Agent has approved for purchase by the Borrower is attached hereto as Schedule 9 (such list, the Approved List ), which Approved List may be updated from time to time after the Closing Date by the Borrower with the consent of the Administrative Agent. 
 (iii) From the time the Administrative Agent has provided the Approved List, the Borrower shall have the ability to commit to purchase and purchase any Collateral Loan on the Approved List without further approval by the Administrative Agent only if the Borrower commits to purchase such Collateral Loan within ten (10) Business Days of approval by the Administrative Agent. On the date occurring ten (10) Business Days after the date of approval by the Administrative Agent, any approved Collateral Loan, if not purchased or committed to be purchased by the Borrower, will be deemed to be removed from the Approved List. 
 (iv) The Borrower shall have the ability to request (A) an addition to the Approved List by undertaking similar procedure to clause (vii) below, or (B) a removal from the Approved List. 
 (v) The Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, may rescind its approval for any Collateral Loan on the Approved List at any time by notice to the Servicer in writing provided , that such rescission of approval shall not invalidate any commitment to purchase a Collateral Loan entered into by the Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf), prior to the delivery of such rescission. 
 (vi) As early as commercially practicable, but no later than 12 00 p.m. New York City time on the Business Day following the day that the Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf) purchases a Collateral Loan on the Approved List, the Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf) shall provide by electronic mail to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Borrower and the Custodian) a copy of the Collateral Loan Buy Confirmation. 
 (vii) With respect to Collateral Loans that are not on the Approved List, the Borrower (or the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower) may send an Approval Request at any time to the Administrative Agent. If the Administrative Agent receives an Approval Request by 12 00 p.m. New York City time on any Business Day, the Administrative Agent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to notify the Servicer and Borrower in writing (including via electronic mail) whether it has approved or rejected such Approval 
 -52- 

Request by 12 00 p.m. New York City time on or prior to the second Business Day thereafter (it being understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that any Approval Request received by the Administrative Agent after 12 00 p.m. New York City time on any Business Day shall be deemed to have been received on the following Business Day) provided further that the Borrower shall have the ability to commit to purchase any Collateral Loan approved and added to the Approved List pursuant to this clause (vii) without further approval by the Administrative Agent only if the Borrower commits to purchase such Collateral Loan within ten (10) Business Days from the date of such approval by the Administrative Agent. On the date occurring ten (10) Business Days after the date of such approval by the Administrative Agent, any such approved Collateral Loan, if not purchased or committed to be purchased by the Borrower, will be deemed to be removed from the Approved List. 
 (viii) Reserved. 
 (ix) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall have the right, acting in its sole and absolute discretion, to (A) approve or reject any Approval Request or Approved List, (B) determine which Collateral Loans are included in the Approved List, and (C) request additional information reasonably available to the Borrower regarding any proposed Collateral Loan provided that any rescission of approval shall not invalidate any commitment to purchase a Collateral Loan entered into by the Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf) prior to the delivery of such rescission, in which case, such Collateral Loan shall be deemed to remain approved until settlement of such purchase. 
 SECTION 1.3. Making of the Advances . (a) If the Borrower requires an Advance under this Agreement with respect to any Tranche to purchase a Collateral Loan for which the Approval Request has been approved or which has been identified on the Approved List pursuant to Section 2.02 or to fund the Macomb Merger, it shall provide a written request for such Advance (which request shall be irrevocable and effective upon receipt) to the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent (with a copy to each Lender) (each, a Notice of Borrowing not later than 2 00 p.m. at least one (1) Business Day prior to the day of the requested Advance. 
 Each Notice of Borrowing shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit B, dated the date the request for the related Advance is being made, signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower or the Servicer, as applicable, shall attach a Borrowing Base Calculation Statement (which Borrowing Base Calculation Statement shall give pro forma effect to any Collateral Loans being acquired with the proceeds of such Advance on such date or the following Business Day), and shall otherwise be appropriately completed. In addition, the Servicer must provide to the Administrative Agent for each Collateral Loan that is not a Broadly Syndicated Loan copies of the Asset Information related to such Collateral Loan and such additional materials related to such Collateral Loan as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. Each Notice of Borrowing shall specify the Tranches under which the related Advance shall be allocated. The proposed Borrowing Date specified in each Notice of Borrowing shall be a Business Day falling on or prior to the Commitment Termination Date, the currency of the Advance requested shall be Dollars and the amount of the Advance requested in such Notice of Borrowing (the Requested Amount shall be equal to at least 500,000 or an integral multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof (or, if less, the remaining unfunded Commitments hereunder or, in the case of Revolving Collateral Loans and Delayed Drawdown Collateral Loans, such lesser amount required to be funded by the Borrower in respect thereof). 
 (a) Each Lender shall, not later than 2 00 p.m. on each Borrowing Date in respect of Advances under any Tranche, make its Percentage of the applicable Requested 
 -53- 

Amount available to the Borrower by disbursing such funds in Dollars to the applicable Principal Collection Subaccount (or in accordance with the wire instructions delivered in connection with the Notice of Borrowing). 
 (b) Reserved. . 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2.03 to the contrary, the Servicer, on behalf of the Borrower, may deliver a Notice of Borrowing to the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent (with a copy to each Lender) after 2 p.m. on the first Business Day prior to the proposed Advance and prior to 11 a.m. on the date of the proposed Advance (an Expedited Notice of Borrowing ). Upon receipt of an Expedited Notice of Borrowing, each Lender shall use commercially reasonable efforts to make such Advance on the proposed funding date set forth in the Expedited Notice of Borrowing subject to the terms and conditions for borrowings otherwise set forth in this Agreement provided , that if a Lender is unable to make an Advance pursuant to an Expedited Notice of Borrowing due to the occurrence of a force majeure, or any other unexpected and unforeseen event, including, without limitation, market disruptions, such Lender shall make such Advance subject to the terms and conditions for Advances otherwise set forth in this Agreement as soon as such Lender is reasonably able to do so. 
 SECTION 1.4. Evidence of Indebtedness . (a) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to it and resulting from the Advances made by such Lender to the Borrower, from time to time, including the amounts and currencies of principal and interest thereon and paid to it, from time to time hereunder provided that the failure of any Lender to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Advances in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (a) Any Lender may request that its Advances to the Borrower be evidenced by a Note. In such event, the Borrower shall promptly prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a Note payable to such Lender and otherwise appropriately completed. Thereafter, the Advances of such Lender evidenced by such Note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after any assignment pursuant to Section 13.06(a)) be represented by a Note payable to such Lender (or registered assigns pursuant to Section 13.06(a)), except to the extent that such Lender (or assignee) subsequently returns any such Note for cancellation and requests that such Advances once again be evidenced as described in clause (a) of this Section 2.04. 
 SECTION 1.5. Payment of Principal and Interest . The Borrower shall pay the principal of each Advance and Interest on each Tranche of Advances as follows 
 (a) 100 of the outstanding principal amount of each Advance, together with all accrued and unpaid Interest thereon, shall be payable on the Final Maturity Date. 
 (b) Interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal amount of each Advance from the date of such Advance until such principal amount is paid in full. The Administrative Agent shall, prior to each Payment Date, determine the accrued and unpaid Interest with respect to each Tranche for the related Interest Accrual Period and Commitment Fees payable thereto using the Interest Rate applicable to such Tranche during such Interest Accrual Period to be paid by the Borrower on each Payment Date for the related Interest Accrual Period and shall advise each Lender, the Collateral Agent and the Servicer thereof and shall send a consolidated invoice of all such Interest and Commitment Fees to the Borrower on the third (3rd) Business Day prior to such Payment Date. 
 -54- 

(c) Accrued and unpaid Interest with respect to each Tranche shall be payable in arrears (i) on each Payment Date, and (ii) in connection with any prepayment of the Advances pursuant to Section 2.06(a) provided that (x) with respect to any prepayment in full of the Advances outstanding, accrued and unpaid Interest on such amount through the date of prepayment shall be payable on such date or as otherwise agreed to between the Lenders and the Borrower and (y) with respect to any partial prepayment of the Advances outstanding, accrued and unpaid Interest on such amount through the date of prepayment shall be payable on the Payment Date following such prepayment (or on such date of prepayment if requested by the Administrative Agent). 
 (d) The obligation of the Borrower to pay the Obligations, including the obligation of the Borrower to pay the Lenders the outstanding principal amount of the Advances and accrued interest thereon, shall be absolute and unconditional, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms hereof (including Section 2.15), under any and all circumstances and irrespective of any setoff, counterclaim or defense to payment which the Borrower or any other Person may have or have had against any Secured Party or any other Person except as otherwise provided under the Facility Documents. 
 SECTION 1.6. Prepayment of Advances . 
 (a) Optional Prepayments . The Borrower may, from time to time on any Business Day, voluntarily prepay Advances under one or more Tranche in whole or in part, without penalty or premium provided that the Borrower shall have delivered to the Collateral Agent, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent written notice of such prepayment (such notice, a Notice of Prepayment in the form of Exhibit C not later than 2 00 p.m. two (2) Business Days prior to the date of such prepayment. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders of such Notice of Prepayment. Each such Notice of Prepayment shall specify the portion of the outstanding principal balance under each Tranche that shall be prepaid and be irrevocable and effective upon receipt and shall be dated the date such notice is being given, signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower and otherwise appropriately completed. Each Notice of Prepayment shall provide for prepayment of Advances by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.06(a), in each case, in an aggregate principal amount of at least 500,000 or, if less, the entire outstanding principal amount of the Advances of the Borrower. If a Notice of Prepayment is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. 
 (b) Mandatory Prepayments . The Borrower shall prepay the Advances on each Payment Date in the manner and to the extent provided in the Priority of Payments. 
 (c) Additional Prepayment Provisions . Each prepayment pursuant to this Section 2.06 shall be subject to Sections 2.05(c) and 2.11 and applied to the Advances in accordance with the Lenders respective Percentages. 
 (d) Re-designation of Tranche Advances . The Administrative Agent shall be permitted at any time, upon written notice to the Borrower, each Lender and the Collateral Agent, to re-allocate the aggregate outstanding principal balance under each Tranche so long as after giving effect to such re-allocation, each Tranche s Tranche Minimum OC Coverage Test is satisfied or, if not satisfied, improved. 
 -55- 

SECTION 1.7. Changes of Commitments . 
 (a) Automatic Reduction and Termination . Subject to the provisions of Section 8.04, the Commitments of each Lender shall be automatically reduced to zero at 5 00 p.m. on the Commitment Termination Date. 
 (b) Optional Reductions . Prior to December 21, 2022, the Borrower shall have the right to terminate or reduce the unused amount of the Facility Amount at any time or from time to time concurrently with the payment of any applicable Commitment Reduction Fee payable in connection therewith upon not less than two (2) Business Days prior notice to the Collateral Agent, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent of each such termination or reduction, which notice shall specify the effective date of such termination or reduction and the amount of any such reduction provided that (i) the amount of any such reduction of the Facility Amount shall be equal to at least 500,000 or an integral multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof or, if less, the remaining unused portion thereof, and (ii) no such reduction will reduce the Facility Amount below the sum of (x) the aggregate principal amount of Advances outstanding at such time and (y) the Revolving Exposure at such time. Such notice of termination or reduction shall be irrevocable and effective only upon receipt and shall be applied pro rata to reduce the respective Commitments of each Lender. Except as otherwise set forth herein, upon the occurrence of the Collection Date, this Agreement shall terminate automatically. 
 (c) Effect of Termination or Reduction . The Commitments of the Lenders once terminated or reduced may not be reinstated. Each reduction of the Facility Amount pursuant to this Section 2.07 shall be applied ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments. 
 SECTION 1.8. Maximum Lawful Rate . It is the intention of the parties hereto that the interest on the Advances shall not exceed the maximum rate permissible under Applicable Law. Accordingly, anything herein or in any Note to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event any interest is charged to, collected from or received from or on behalf of the Borrower by the Lenders pursuant hereto or thereto in excess of such maximum lawful rate, then the excess of such payment over that maximum shall be applied first to the payment of amounts then due and owing by the Borrower to the Secured Parties under this Agreement (other than in respect of principal of and interest on the Advances) and then to the reduction of the outstanding principal amount of the Advances of the Borrower. 
 SECTION 1.9. Several Obligations . The failure of any Lender to make any Advance to be made by it on the date specified therefor shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation to make its Advance on such date. Neither Agent shall be responsible for the failure of any Lender to make any Advance, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make an Advance required to be made by such other Lender. 
 SECTION 1.10. Increased Costs . 
 (a) Increased Costs Generally . If any Change in Law shall 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, compulsory loan, insurance charge, special deposit or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for account of, or credit extended by, any Affected Person 
 (ii) subject any Affected Person to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, 
 -56- 

commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto or 
 (iii) impose on any Affected Person or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense, affecting this Agreement or Advances made by such Affected Person by reference to LIBOR or any participation therein 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Affected Person of making, continuing, converting into or maintaining any Advance made by reference to LIBOR (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Advance) or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Affected Person hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Affected Person for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered as specified in a certificate delivered to the Borrower pursuant to clause (c) of this Section 2.10. 
 (b) Capital Requirements . If any Affected Person determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Affected Person s capital or on the capital of such Affected Person s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Advances made by such Affected Person to a level below that which such Affected Person or such Affected Person s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Affected Person s policies and the policies of such Affected Person s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity coverage), by an amount deemed to be material by such Affected Person, then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Affected Person in Dollars, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Affected Person or such Affected Person s holding company for any such reduction suffered or charge imposed provided that the amounts payable under this Section 2.10(b) shall be without duplication of amounts payable under Section 13.03 and shall not include any Excluded Taxes. 
 (c) Certificates from Lenders . A certificate of an Affected Person setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for such demand and the amount or amounts, in Dollars, necessary to compensate such Affected Person or its holding company as specified in clause (a) or (b) of this Section 2.10 shall be promptly delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such amount shown as due on any such certificate on the next Payment Date after receipt thereof. 
 (d) Delay in Requests . Failure or delay on the part of any Affected Person to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 2.10 shall not constitute a waiver of such Affected Person s right to demand such compensation provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate an Affected Person pursuant to this Section 2.10 for any costs, reductions, penalties or interest incurred more than nine months prior to the date that such Affected Person notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to any increased costs or reductions and of such Affected Person s intention to claim compensation therefor provided , further , that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 (e) Lending Office . Upon the occurrence of any event giving rise to the Borrower s obligation to pay additional amounts to a Lender pursuant to clauses (a) or (b) of this Section 2.10, such Lender will, if requested by the Borrower, use reasonable efforts (subject to overall policy considerations of such Lender) to designate a different lending office if such designation would reduce or obviate the obligations of the Borrower to make future payments of such additional amounts provided that such designation is made on such 
 -57- 

terms that such Lender and its lending office suffer no unreimbursed cost or material legal or regulatory disadvantage (as reasonably determined by such Lender), with the object of avoiding future consequence of the event giving rise to the operation of any such provision. 
 SECTION 1.11. Compensation Breakage Payments . The Borrower agrees to compensate each Affected Person from time to time, on the Payment Date (or on the applicable date of prepayment) immediately following such Affected Person s written request (which request shall set forth the basis for requesting such amounts) in accordance with the Priority of Payments, for all reasonable and documented actual losses, expenses and liabilities (including any interest paid by such Affected Person to lenders of funds borrowed to make or carry an Advance bearing interest that was computed by reference to the Benchmark and any loss sustained by such Affected Person in connection with the re-employment of such funds but excluding loss of anticipated profits), which such Affected Person may sustain (i) if for any reason (including any failure of a condition precedent set forth in Article III but excluding a default by the applicable Lender) any Advance bearing interest that was computed by reference to the Benchmark by the Borrower does not occur on the Borrowing Date specified therefor in the applicable Notice of Borrowing delivered by the Borrower, and (ii) if any payment or prepayment of any Advance bearing interest that was computed by reference to Benchmark is not made on a Payment Date or pursuant to a Notice of Prepayment given by the Borrower. A certificate as to any amounts payable pursuant to this Section 2.11 submitted to the Borrower by any Lender (with a copy to the Agents, and accompanied by a reasonably detailed calculation of such amounts and a description of the basis for requesting such amounts) shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. 
 SECTION 1.12. Illegality Inability to Determine Rates . Subject to Section 2.18 , if, prior to the first day of any Interest Accrual Period or prior to the date of any Advance, as applicable, the Administrative Agent determines that for any reason adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining LIBOR for the applicable Advances, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower, the Collateral Agent and each Lender provided that each such Lender has made a similar determination with respect to similarly situated borrowers in similar facilities. Thereafter, the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Advances shall be suspended until the Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. 
 SECTION 1.13. Rescission or Return of Payment . The Borrower agrees that, if at any time (including after the occurrence of the Final Maturity Date) all or any part of any payment theretofore made by it to any Secured Party or any designee of a Secured Party is or must be rescinded or returned for any reason whatsoever (including the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates), the obligation of the Borrower to make such payment to such Secured Party shall, for the purposes of this Agreement, to the extent that such payment is or must be rescinded or returned, be deemed to have continued in existence and this Agreement and any other applicable Facility Document shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, as to such obligations, all as though such payment had not been made. 
 SECTION 1.14. Post-Default Interest . The Borrower shall pay interest on all Obligations (other than any Administrative Expenses) that are not paid when due for the period from the due date thereof until the date the same is paid in full at the Post-Default Rate. Interest payable at the Post-Default Rate shall be payable on each Payment Date in accordance with the Priority of Payments. 
 SECTION 1.15. Payments Generally . (a) All amounts owing and payable to any Secured Party, any Affected Person or any Indemnified Party, in respect of the Advances and other Obligations, including the principal thereof, interest, fees, indemnities, expenses or 
 -58- 

other amounts payable under this Agreement or any other Facility Document, shall be paid by the Borrower to the applicable recipient in Dollars, in immediately available funds, in accordance with the Priority of Payments, and all without counterclaim, setoff, deduction, defense, abatement, suspension or deferment. Each Lender shall provide wire instructions to the Borrower and the Collateral Agent. All payments made by the Collateral Agent pursuant to a Payment Date Report on any Payment Date shall be wired by the Collateral Agent by 2 00 p.m. on such Payment Date. Prepayments to be made pursuant to Section 2.06 for which the Collateral Agent has received a Notice of Prepayment two (2) Business Days prior to the scheduled date of prepayment shall be wired by the Collateral Agent by 2 00 p.m. on such date. All other payments by the Borrower must be received by the Collateral Agent on or prior to 3 00 p.m. on a Business Day (the Collateral Agent shall then wire such funds to the Lenders by 5 00 p.m. on such Business Day) provided that, payments received by the Collateral Agent after 3 00 p.m. or payments received by the Lenders after 5 00 p.m. on a Business Day will be deemed to have been paid on the next following Business Day. For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of Section 6.01, amounts paid by the Borrower shall be deemed received upon payment by the Borrower to the Collateral Agent. At no time will the Collateral Agent have any duty (express or implied) to fund (or front or advance) any amount owing by the Borrower hereunder. 
 (a) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all computations of interest, fees and other Obligations shall be made on the basis of a year of 360 days for the actual number of days elapsed in computing interest on any Advance, the date of the making of the Advance shall be included and the date of payment shall be excluded provided that, if an Advance is repaid on the same day on which it is made, one day s Interest shall be paid on such Advance. All computations made by the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Facility Document shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 SECTION 1.16. Extension of Commitment Termination Date . The Borrower shall have an option to extend the Commitment Termination Date one time, not longer than one year, subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent 
 (a) each of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent consent to the extension in their sole discretion (written notice of such consent to be delivered to Borrower together with the requested extension fee (if applicable) no later than thirty (30) days following receipt of the Extension Request delivered pursuant to clause (e) below provided that if the Borrower fails to receive such consent from the Administrative Agent or any Lender within such thirty-day period, the Administrative Agent and such Lender, as applicable, shall be deemed to have denied such Extension Request) 
 (b) as of the effective date of such extension, the representations and warranties of the Borrower, the Equityholder and the Servicer set forth herein and in the other Facility Documents are true and correct in all material respects with the same force and effect as if made on and as of such date (except to the extent that such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date) provided that if a representation or warranty is qualified as to materiality, with respect to such representation or warranty, the foregoing materiality qualifier shall be disregarded for the purposes of this condition 
 (c) the Borrower shall have paid an extension fee to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Lender, in an amount to be mutually agreed upon by the Borrower and such Lender 
 (d) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date on which notice is given in accordance with the following clause (e) or on the Commitment Termination Date then in effect and 
 -59- 

(e) the Borrower shall have delivered an Extension Request with respect to the Commitment Termination Date to Administrative Agent not earlier than one year after the Closing Date and not later than one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the Commitment Termination Date then in effect (which shall be promptly forwarded by Administrative Agent to each Lender). 
 SECTION 1.17. Defaulting Lenders . (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law 
 (i) That Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in Section 13.01(d). 
 (ii) Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of that Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, or otherwise), shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows first , to the payment of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder second , as the Borrower may request (so long as no Event of Default or Default exists), to the funding of any Advance in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent third , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held as cash collateral for future funding obligations of that Defaulting Lender to fund Advances under this Agreement fourth , to the payment of any amounts owing to other Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement fifth , so long as no Event of Default or Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by such Borrower against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement and sixth , to that Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction provided that if such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Advances in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Advances of all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Advances of that Defaulting Lender. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to this Section 2.17 shall be deemed paid to and redirected by that Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
 (iii) For any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender, that Defaulting Lender shall not be entitled to receive any Commitment Fee for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to such Defaulting Lender). 
 (a) If the Administrative Agent and the Borrower agree that a Defaulting Lender should no longer be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any cash collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase that portion of outstanding Advances of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative 
 -60- 

Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Advances to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their relative Commitments, whereupon that Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrowers while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender and provided, further , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 SECTION 1.18. Effect of Benchmark Transition Event . (a) Without prejudice to any other provision of this Agreement, each party hereto acknowledges and agrees for the benefit of each of the other parties hereto (x) LIBOR (i) may be subject to methodological or other changes which could affect their value, and or (ii) may be permanently discontinued and (y) the occurrence of any of the aforementioned events and or a Benchmark Transition Event may have adverse consequences which may materially impact the economics of the financing transactions contemplated under this Agreement. 
 (a) Benchmark Replacement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Facility Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of a then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date or in connection with an Early Opt-in Election, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Facility Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Facility Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date or in connection with an Early Opt-in Election, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Facility Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5 00 p.m. New York City time on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Facility Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 (b) Term SOFR Transition Event . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Facility Document and subject to the proviso below in this paragraph, solely with respect to a Dollar Advance, if a Term SOFR Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of a then-current Benchmark, then the applicable Benchmark Replacement will replace such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder or under any Facility Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Facility Document provided that, this clause (ii) shall not be effective unless the Administrative Agent has delivered to the Lenders and the Borrower a Term SOFR Notice. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative 
 -61- 

Agent shall not be required to deliver a Term SOFR Notice after a Term SOFR Transition Event and may do so in its sole discretion. 
 (c) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes . In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Facility Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Facility Document. 
 (d) Notices Standards for Decisions and Determinations . The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower, the Lenders, the Servicer, the Collateral Agent and the Equityholder of (A) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, (B) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (C) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (D) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (v) below and (E) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.18, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Facility Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.18. 
 (e) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Facility Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (x) if a then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Benchmark Determination Period for any applicable Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (y) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (x) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Benchmark Determination Period for all applicable Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 (f) Benchmark Unavailability Period . Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any Notice of Borrowing, conversion to or continuation of Advances 
 -62- 

to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request for an Advance into a Notice of Borrowing of or request for a conversion to Advances bearing interest at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin. 
 (g) None of the Collateral Agent, the Custodian or the Securities Intermediary will have any responsibility for the selection or determination of an alternate benchmark rate (including, without limitation, any Benchmark Replacement or other replacement index adopted pursuant to an amendment to this Agreement) or an liability for any failure, or delay in performing their duties hereunder solely as a result of the unavailability of LIBOR, the Benchmark Replacement or any other benchmark rate herein 
 (h) Certain Defined Terms . As used in this Section 2.18 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Benchmark Determination Period pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Benchmark Determination Period pursuant to clause (e) of this Section 2.18 . 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date provided that, in the case of any Advance denominated in an Available Currency other than Dollars, Benchmark Replacement shall mean the alternative set forth in clause (3) below 
 1. the sum of (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
 2. the sum of (a) Daily Simple SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
 3. the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for a then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for such then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Available Currency at such time and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
 provided that, in the case of clause (1), such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion provided further that, solely with respect to a Dollar Advance, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any other Facility Document, upon the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event, and the delivery of a Term SOFR Notice, on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date the Benchmark Replacement shall revert to and shall be deemed to be the sum of (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, as set forth in clause (1) of this definition (subject to the first proviso above). 
 -63- 

If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1), (2) or (3) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Facility Documents. 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of a then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Benchmark Determination Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement 
 (1) for purposes of clauses (1) and (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent 
 ARTICLE I the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Benchmark Determination Period that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for the applicable Corresponding Tenor 
 ARTICLE II the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Benchmark Determination Period that would apply to the fallback rate for a derivative transaction referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon an index cessation event with respect to such Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and 
 (2) for purposes of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (x) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date or (y) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Available Currency 
 provided that, in the case of clause (1) above, such adjustment is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such Benchmark Replacement Adjustment from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of the definition of Business Day, the definition of Benchmark Determination Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides in its reasonable discretion may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent 
 -64- 

determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Facility Documents). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark 
 (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein 
 (3) in the case of a Term SOFR Transition Event, the date that is thirty (30) days after the date a Term SOFR Notice is provided to the Lenders and the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.18(c) or 
 (4) in the case of an Early Opt-in Election, the sixth (6th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by 5 00 p.m. New York City time on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) above with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark 
 (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, any other Relevant Governmental Body, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component thereof), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component thereof), which states that the administrator of such 
 -65- 

Benchmark (or such component thereof) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer representative. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Facility Document in accordance with Section 2.18 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Facility Document in accordance with Section 2.18 . 
 Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for business loans provided, that if the Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. 
 Early Opt-in Election means, if the then-current Benchmark is LIBOR, the occurrence of 
 (1) a notification by the Administrative Agent to (or the request by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent to notify) each of the other parties hereto that at least five currently outstanding Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time contain (as a result of amendment or as originally executed) a SOFR-based rate (including SOFR, a term SOFR or any other rate based upon SOFR) as a benchmark rate (and such syndicated credit facilities are identified in such notice and are publicly available for review), and 
 1. (2) the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to trigger a fallback from LIBOR and the provision by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Lenders. 
 Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 
 -66- 

Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to LIBOR. 
 ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto. 
 NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 NYFRB s Website means the website of the NYFRB at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
 Reference Time with respect to any setting of a then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is LIBOR, 11 00 a.m. (London time) on the day that is two Business Days preceding the date of such setting and (2) for any other Benchmark, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board or the NYFRB, or any successor thereto. 
 SOFR means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such Business Day published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website at approximately 8 00 a.m. (New York City time) on the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
 SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the NYFRB s Website, currently at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 Term SOFR means, for the applicable Corresponding Tenor as of the applicable Reference Time, the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. 
 Term SOFR Notice means a notification by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders and the Borrower of the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event. 
 Term SOFR Transition Event means the determination by the Administrative Agent that (a) Term SOFR has been recommended for use by the Relevant Governmental Body, (b) the administration of Term SOFR is administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent and (c) a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, has previously occurred resulting in a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with Section 2.18 that is not Term SOFR. 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 -67- 

(i) London Interbank Offered Rate Benchmark Transition Event . On March 5, 2021, the ICE Benchmark Administration (the IBA ), the administrator of the London interbank offered rate, and the Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA ), the regulatory supervisor of the IBA, announced in public statements (the Announcements that the final publication or representativeness date for (i) 1-week and 2-month London interbank offered rate tenor settings will be December 31, 2021 and (ii) overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month London interbank offered rate tenor settings will be June 30, 2023. No successor administrator for the IBA was identified in such Announcements. The parties hereto agree and acknowledge that the Announcements resulted in the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event with respect to LIBOR pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and that any obligation of the Administrative Agent to notify any parties of such Benchmark Transition Event pursuant to Section 2.18(e) shall be deemed satisfied. 
 ARTICLE VIII CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 SECTION 1.1. Conditions Precedent to Initial Advance . The obligation of each Lender to make its initial Advance hereunder shall be subject to the conditions precedent that the Administrative Agent shall have received on or before the Closing Date the following, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (a) each of the Facility Documents (other than the Collateral Agent Fee Letter which shall be delivered directly to the Collateral Agent) duly executed and delivered by the parties thereto, which shall each be in full force and effect 
 (b) true and complete copies of the Constituent Documents of the Borrower, the Equityholder and the Servicer as in effect on the Closing Date 
 (c) a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying (i) as to its Constituent Documents, (ii) as to its resolutions or other action of its designated manager approving this Agreement and the other Facility Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, (iii) that its representations and warranties set forth in the Facility Documents to which it is a party are true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date (except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to any earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date), (iv) that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and (v) as to the incumbency and specimen signature of each of its Responsible Officers authorized to execute the Facility Documents to which it is a party 
 (d) Reserved 
 (e) Reserved 
 (f) a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Servicer certifying, respectively, (i) as to its Constituent Documents, (ii) as to its resolutions or other action of its board of directors or members approving this Agreement and the other Facility Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, (iii) that its representations and warranties set forth in the Facility Documents to which it is a party are true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date (except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to any earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such 
 -68- 

earlier date), and (iv) as to the incumbency and specimen signature of each of its Responsible Officers authorized to execute the Facility Documents to which it is a party 
 (g) financing statements (or the equivalent thereof in any applicable foreign jurisdiction, as applicable) in proper form for filing on the Closing Date, under the UCC with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and any other applicable filing office in any applicable jurisdiction that the Administrative Agent deems necessary or desirable in order to perfect the interests in the Collateral contemplated by this Agreement 
 (h) copies of proper financing statement amendments (or the equivalent thereof in any applicable foreign jurisdiction, as applicable), if any, necessary to release all security interests and other rights of any Person in the Collateral previously granted by the Borrower, the Equityholder or any transferor 
 (i) legal opinions (addressed to each of the Secured Parties) of counsel to the Borrower, the Equityholder, the Servicer, the Collateral Agent and the Custodian, covering such matters as the Administrative Agent and its counsel shall reasonably request 
 (j) evidence reasonably satisfactory to it that all of the Covered Accounts shall have been established, and the Account Control Agreement shall have been executed and delivered by the Borrower, the Collateral Agent and the Custodian and shall be in full force and effect 
 (k) evidence that (i) all fees and expenses due and payable to each Lender on or prior to the Closing Date have been received or will be received contemporaneously with the Closing Date (ii) the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft LLP, counsel to the Administrative Agent, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby (to the extent invoiced prior the Closing Date) and (iii) all other reasonable and documented up-front expenses and fees (including legal fees of outside counsel and any fees required under the Collateral Agent Fee Letter) that are, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), invoiced at least one Business Day prior to the Closing Date, shall have been paid by the Borrower 
 (l) delivery of such Collateral (including any promissory note, executed assignment agreements and Word or pdf copies of the principal credit agreement for each initial Collateral Loan, to the extent received by the Borrower) in accordance with the Custodian Agreement shall have been effected 
 (m) a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, dated as of the Closing Date, certifying to the effect that, in the case of each item of Collateral pledged to the Collateral Agent, on the Closing Date and, in the case of clauses (i) through (iii) below, immediately prior to the delivery thereof on the Closing Date 
 (i) the Borrower is the owner of such Collateral free and clear of any Liens except for those which are being released on the Closing Date or Permitted Liens 
 (ii) the Borrower has not assigned, pledged or otherwise encumbered any interest in such Collateral (or, if any such interest has been assigned, pledged or otherwise encumbered, it has been released) other than Permitted Liens or interests granted pursuant to this Agreement and 
 (iii) upon grant by the Borrower, the Collateral Agent has a first priority perfected security interest in the Collateral, except Permitted Liens or as permitted by this Agreement and 
 -69- 

(n) such other opinions, instruments, certificates and documents from the Borrower as the Agents or any Lender shall have reasonably requested. 
 SECTION 1.2. Conditions Precedent to Each Advance . The obligation of each Lender to make each Advance to be made by it (including the initial Advance) on each Borrowing Date shall be subject to the fulfillment of the following conditions provided that the conditions described in clauses (d) and (e) (other than a Default or Event of Default described in Section 6.01(i)) below need not be satisfied if the proceeds of the Advance are used to fund Revolving Collateral Loans or Delayed Drawdown Collateral Loans then owned by the Borrower to fund the Revolving Reserve Account to the extent required under Section 8.04 
 (a) subject to Section 2.02, the Administrative Agent must have received and approved an Approval Request for the Collateral Loan the Borrower intends to purchase with the proceeds of the Advance and such approval has not expired or been rescinded or the Collateral Loan the Borrower intends to purchase with the proceeds of the Advance must be on the current Approved List and such inclusion on the Approved List has not expired or been rescinded 
 (b) the Administrative Agent shall have received a Notice of Borrowing with respect to such Advance (including the Borrowing Base Calculation Statement attached thereto, all duly completed) delivered in accordance with Section 2.03 
 (c) immediately before and after the making of such Advance on the applicable Borrowing Date, each Coverage Test shall be satisfied and the Tranche Minimum OC Coverage Test for each Tranche shall be satisfied (as demonstrated on the Borrowing Base Calculation Statement attached to such Notice of Borrowing) 
 (d) each of the representations and warranties of the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder contained in the Facility Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such Borrowing Date (except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to any earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date as if made on such date) 
 (e) no Default, Event of Default, Potential Servicer Removal Event or Servicer Removal Event shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of the making of such Advance or shall result upon the making of such Advance 
 (f) the Reinvestment Period shall not have terminated and 
 (g) after giving effect to such Advance, the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Advances shall not exceed the lesser of (x) the Maximum Facility Amount and (y) an amount equal to 
 (i) the Aggregate Net Collateral Balance, minus 
 (ii) the Minimum Equity Amount, plus 
 (iii) the aggregate amounts on deposit in the Principal Collection Subaccount constituting Principal Proceeds. 
 -70- 

ARTICLE IX REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 SECTION 1.1. Representations and Warranties of the Borrower . The Borrower represents and warrants to each of the Secured Parties on and as of each Measurement Date, as follows 
 (a) Due Organization . It is a limited liability company duly incorporated and validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with full power and authority to own and operate its assets and properties, conduct the business in which it is now engaged and to execute and deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Facility Documents to which it is a party. 
 (b) Due Qualification . It is duly qualified to do business and, to the extent applicable, is in good standing in each other jurisdiction in which the nature of its business, assets and properties, including the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, the other Facility Documents to which it is a party and its Constituent Documents, requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (c) Due Authorization Execution and Delivery Legal, Valid and Binding Enforceability . The execution and delivery by it, and the performance of its obligations under, the Facility Documents to which it is a party and the other instruments, certificates and agreements contemplated thereby are within its powers and have been duly authorized by all requisite action by it and have been duly executed and delivered by it and constitute its legal, valid and binding obligations enforceable against it in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally or general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 (d) The Equityholder (i) is not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, and (ii) has elected to be treated a business development corporation for purposes of the Investment Company Act. 
 (e) Non-Contravention . None of the execution and delivery by it of this Agreement or the other Facility Documents to which it is a party, the Advances or the pledge of the Collateral hereunder, the consummation of the transactions herein or therein contemplated, or compliance by it with the terms, conditions and provisions hereof or thereof, will (i) conflict with, or result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under its Constituent Documents or (ii) conflict with or contravene in any material respect, and with respect to clause (B), result in the creation of a Lien (other than Permitted Liens) under, (A) any Applicable Law, (B) any indenture, agreement or other contractual restriction binding on or affecting it or any of its assets, including any Related Document, or (C) any order, writ, judgment, award, injunction or decree binding on or affecting it or any of its assets or properties. 
 (f) Governmental Authorizations Private Authorizations Governmental Filings . It has obtained, maintained and kept in full force and effect all material Governmental Authorizations and material Private Authorizations which are necessary for it to properly carry out its business, and made all material Governmental Filings necessary for the execution and delivery by it of the Facility Documents to which it is a party, the Advances under this Agreement, the pledge of the Collateral under this Agreement and the 
 -71- 

performance by it of its obligations under this Agreement and the other Facility Documents to which it is a party. 
 (g) Compliance with Agreements, Laws, Etc. It has duly observed and complied in all material respects with all Applicable Laws relating to the conduct of its business and its assets. It has preserved and kept in full force and effect its legal existence. It has preserved and kept in full force and effect its rights, privileges, qualifications and franchises, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (h) Location . Its office in which it maintains its limited liability company books and records is located at the addresses set forth on Schedule 5. Its registered office and jurisdiction of organization is the jurisdiction referred to in Section 4.01(a). 
 (i) Investment Company Act . Neither it nor the pool of Collateral is required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 (j) ERISA . Neither it nor any member of the ERISA Group has, or during the past five years had, any liability or obligation with respect to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (k) Taxes . It is a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes. It has filed all income tax returns and all other material tax returns which are required to be filed by it, if any, and has paid all income taxes and all other material taxes shown to be due and payable on such returns, if any, or pursuant to any assessment received by any such Person other than any such taxes, assessments or charges that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which appropriate reserves in accordance with GAAP have been established. 
 (l) Filings and Stamp Taxes . This Agreement is in proper legal form under the applicable law of the jurisdiction of incorporation or formation of the Borrower for the enforcement hereof or thereof against the Borrower, and to ensure legality, validity, enforceability, priority or admissibility in evidence of this Agreement it is not necessary that (i) this Agreement, or any other document be filed, registered or recorded with, or executed or notarized before, any court or other authority in the jurisdiction of incorporation or formation of the Borrower or (ii) that any registration charge or stamp or similar tax be paid in any jurisdiction on or in respect of this Agreement or any other document. 
 (m) Plan Assets . Its assets are not treated and during the term of this Agreement will not be treated as plan assets for purposes of 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 and Section 3(42) of ERISA (the Plan Asset Rule and the Collateral is not and during the term of this Agreement will not be deemed to be plan assets for purposes of the Plan Asset Rule. 
 (n) Solvency . After giving effect to each Advance hereunder, and the disbursement of the proceeds of such Advance, it is and will be Solvent. 
 (o) Representations Relating to the Collateral . (i) It owns and has good and marketable legal and beneficial title to all Collateral Loans and other Collateral free and clear of any Lien or claim of any Person, other than Permitted Liens 
 (i) Except for Permitted Liens or as contemplated by the Facility Documents, it has not pledged, assigned, sold, granted a security interest in, or otherwise conveyed any of the Collateral. It has not authorized the filing of and is not aware of any financing 
 -72- 

statements or any equivalent filing in any applicable jurisdiction against it that include a description of collateral covering the Collateral other than any financing statement or any equivalent filing in any applicable jurisdiction relating to the security interest granted to the Collateral Agent hereunder or that has been terminated and it is not aware of any judgment, PBGC liens or tax lien filings against it or any of its assets 
 (ii) the Collateral constitutes Money, Cash, accounts (as defined in Section 9-102(a)(2) of the UCC), Instruments, general intangibles (as defined in Section 9-102(a)(42) of the UCC), Uncertificated Securities, Certificated Securities or Security Entitlements to Financial Assets resulting from the crediting of Financial Assets to a securities account (as defined in Section 8-501(a) of the UCC) 
 (iii) all Covered Accounts constitute securities accounts under Section 8-501(a) of the UCC 
 (iv) this Agreement creates a valid, continuing and, upon Delivery of Collateral, filing of the financing statements referred to in clause (viii) below and execution of the Account Control Agreement, perfected security interest (as defined in Section 1-201(37) of the UCC) in the Collateral in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit and security of the Secured Parties, which security interest is prior to all other Liens (other than Permitted Liens) and claims and is enforceable as such against creditors of and purchasers from it, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally or general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law 
 (v) it has received all consents and approvals required by the terms of the Related Documents in respect of such Collateral to the pledge hereunder to the Collateral Agent of its interest and rights in such Collateral 
 (vi) with respect to the Collateral that constitutes Security Entitlements, all such Collateral has been and will have been credited to the applicable Covered Account and the Securities Intermediary for each Covered Account has agreed to treat all assets credited to such Covered Account as Financial Assets 
 (vii) with respect to Collateral that constitutes accounts or general intangibles (as defined in Section 9-102(a)(42) of the UCC), it has caused or will have caused, on or prior to the Closing Date, the filing of all appropriate financing statements in the proper filing office in the appropriate jurisdictions under Applicable Law in order to perfect the security interest in the Collateral granted to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit and security of the Secured Parties, hereunder (which it hereby agrees may be an all assets filing) 
 (viii) it has taken all steps necessary to enable the Collateral Agent to obtain control (within the meaning of the UCC) with respect to each Covered Account 
 (ix) the Covered Accounts are in its name and not in the name of any other Person. It has not instructed the Securities Intermediary of any Covered Account to comply with the entitlement order of any Person other than the Collateral Agent provided that, until the Collateral Agent delivers a notice of exclusive control, it and the Servicer may cause Cash in the Covered Accounts to be invested in Eligible Investments, and the proceeds thereof to be paid and distributed in accordance with this Agreement and 
 -73- 

(x) all Covered Accounts constitute securities accounts as defined in Section 8-501(a) of the UCC. 
 (p) Eligibility . (i) The information contained in each Notice of Borrowing delivered pursuant to Section 2.03, is an accurate and complete listing of all Collateral Loans included in the Collateral as of the related Borrowing Date and the information contained therein with respect to the identity of such Collateral Loan and the amounts owing thereunder is true, correct and complete as of the related Borrowing Date and (ii) with respect to each Collateral Loan included in any calculation of the Borrowing Base or OC Ratio, such Collateral Loan is an Eligible Collateral Loan at such time provided that, notwithstanding anything to contrary contained herein, to the extent any such Collateral Loan is repurchased or otherwise removed from the Borrowing Base pursuant to the Loan Sale Agreement, then no such breach of the foregoing clause (ii) shall constitute an Event of Default or other breach of this Agreement. 
 (q) Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Terrorism Laws . None of the Borrower, its subsidiaries, their respective directors or officers, or, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, their respective agents or employees or its Affiliates, has engaged in any activity or conduct which would violate any applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-terrorism or anti-money laundering laws, regulations or rules in any applicable jurisdiction and the Borrower and its Affiliates have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to prevent violation of such laws, regulations and rules. 
 (r) Sanctions . None of the Borrower, its subsidiaries, their respective directors or officers, or, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, their respective agents or employees or its Affiliates, is a Person that is, or is owned or controlled by Persons that are (i) the target of any Sanctions (a Sanctioned Person or (ii) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions broadly prohibiting dealings with such government, country, or territory (a Sanctioned Country ). 
 (s) No Default . Neither it nor any of its subsidiaries is in default under or with respect to any contractual obligation or restriction that could, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (t) No Proceedings . There is no litigation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to its knowledge, threatened against it before any Governmental Authority (i) asserting the invalidity of any Facility Document to which it is a party, (ii) seeking to prevent the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by any Facility Document to which it is a party or (iii) that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (u) Information . All information heretofore or hereafter furnished by it or on its behalf to any Secured Party in connection with the Facility Documents or any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby is and will be (when taken as a whole) true, complete and correct in all material respects as of the date such information is stated or certified and does not and will not omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not misleading provided that solely with respect to information furnished by the Borrower which was provided to the Borrower from an Obligor with respect to a Collateral Loan, such information shall only need to be true, complete and correct to the actual knowledge of the Borrower provided further that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information represents the Borrower s good faith estimates as of the date of preparation thereof, based upon methods and data the Borrower believes to be reasonable and accurate, but actual results during the periods covered by such projections may differ materially from such projections. 
 -74- 

(v) Procedures . In selecting and disposing of the Collateral, no selection procedures were employed which are intended to be adverse to the interests of any Secured Party. 
 SECTION 1.2. Representations and Warranties of the Servicer . The Servicer represents and warrants to each of the other Secured Parties on and as of each Measurement Date, as follows 
 (a) Due Organization . It is a statutory trust formed and validly existing under the laws of Delaware, with full power and authority to own and operate its assets and properties, conduct the business in which it is now engaged and to execute and deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Facility Documents to which it is a party. 
 (b) Due Qualification . It is duly qualified to do business and, to the extent applicable, is in good standing in each other jurisdiction in which the nature of its business, assets and properties, including the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, the other Facility Documents to which it is a party and its Constituent Documents, requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (c) Due Authorization Execution and Delivery Legal, Valid and Binding Enforceability . The execution and delivery by it, and the performance of its obligations under the Facility Documents to which it is a party and the other instruments, certificates and agreements contemplated thereby are within its powers and have been duly authorized by all requisite action by it and have been duly executed and delivered by it and constitute its legal, valid and binding obligations enforceable against it in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally or general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 (d) Reserved . 
 (e) Non-Contravention . None of the execution and delivery by it of this Agreement or the other Facility Documents to which it is a party, the consummation of the transactions herein or therein contemplated, or compliance by it with the terms, conditions and provisions hereof or thereof, will (i) conflict with, or result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under its Constituent Documents or (ii) conflict with or contravene in any material respect, and with respect to clause (B), result in the creation of a Lien (other than Permitted Liens) under, (A) any Applicable Law, (B) any indenture, agreement or other contractual restriction binding on or affecting it or any of its assets, including any Related Document, or (C) any order, writ, judgment, award, injunction or decree binding on or affecting it or any of its assets or properties, except, in the case of clauses (A), (B) and (C) above, where such conflict, contravention, breach, violation or default could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (f) Governmental Authorizations Private Authorizations Governmental Filings . It has obtained, maintained and kept in full force and effect all material Governmental Authorizations and material Private Authorizations which are necessary for it to properly carry out its business, and made all material Governmental Filings necessary for the execution and delivery by it of the Facility Documents to which it is a party and the performance by it of its obligations under this Agreement and the other Facility Documents to which it is a party. 
 -75- 

(g) Compliance with Agreements, Laws, Etc. It has duly observed and complied in all material respects with all Applicable Laws relating to the conduct of its business and its assets. It has preserved and kept in full force and effect its legal existence. It has preserved and kept in full force and effect its rights, privileges, qualifications and franchises, except where the failure to do so world not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (h) Reserved . 
 (i) Taxes . It has filed all income tax returns and all other material tax returns which are required to be filed by it, if any, and has paid all income taxes and all other material taxes shown to be due and payable on such returns, if any, or pursuant to any assessment received by any such Person other than any such taxes, assessments or charges that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which appropriate reserves in accordance with GAAP have been established. 
 (j) Reserved . 
 (k) Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Terrorism Laws . None of the Servicer, its subsidiaries, their respective directors or officers, or, to the best knowledge of the Servicer, their respective agents or employees or its Affiliates, has engaged in any activity or conduct which would violate any applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-terrorism or anti-money laundering laws, regulations or rules in any applicable jurisdiction and the Servicer and its Affiliates have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to prevent violation of such laws, regulations and rules. 
 (l) Sanctions . None of the Servicer, its subsidiaries, their respective directors or officers, or, to the best knowledge of the Servicer, their respective agents or employees or its Affiliates, is a Person that is, or is owned or controlled by Persons that are (i) a Sanctioned Person or (ii) located, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country. 
 (m) Reserved . 
 (n) No Proceedings . There is no litigation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to its knowledge, threatened against it before any Governmental Authority (i) asserting the invalidity of any Facility Document to which it is a party, (ii) seeking to prevent the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by any Facility Document to which it is a party or (iii) that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (o) Information . All information heretofore or hereafter furnished by it or on its behalf to any Secured Party in connection with the Facility Documents or any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby is and will be (when taken as a whole) true, complete and correct in all material respects as of the date such information is stated or certified and does not and will not omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not misleading provided that solely with respect to information furnished by the Servicer which was provided to the Servicer from an Obligor with respect to a Collateral Loan, such information shall only need to be true, complete and correct to the actual knowledge of the Servicer provided further that, with respect to projected financial information, the Servicer represents only that such information represents the Servicer s good faith estimates as of the date of preparation thereof, based upon methods and data the Servicer believes to be reasonable and accurate, but actual results during the periods covered by such projections may differ materially from such projections. 
 -76- 

(p) Procedures . In selecting and disposing of the Collateral, no selection procedures were employed which are intended to be adverse to the interests of any Secured Party. 
 SECTION 1.3. Representations and Warranties of the Equityholder . The Equityholder represents and warrants to each of the other Secured Parties on and as of each Measurement Date, as follows 
 (a) Due Organization . It is a statutory trust duly established and validly existing under the laws of Delaware, with full power and authority to own and operate its assets and properties, conduct the business in which it is now engaged and to execute and deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Facility Documents to which it is a party. 
 (b) Due Qualification . It is duly qualified to do business and, to the extent applicable, is in good standing in each other jurisdiction in which the nature of its business, assets and properties, including the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, the other Facility Documents to which it is a party and its Constituent Documents, requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (c) Due Authorization Execution and Delivery Legal, Valid and Binding Enforceability . The execution and delivery by it, and the performance of its obligations under the Facility Documents to which it is a party and the other instruments, certificates and agreements contemplated thereby are within its powers and have been duly authorized by all requisite action by it and have been duly executed and delivered by it and constitute its legal, valid and binding obligations enforceable against it in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally or general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 (d) Reserved . 
 (e) Non-Contravention . None of the execution and delivery by it of this Agreement or the other Facility Documents to which it is a party, the consummation of the transactions herein or therein contemplated, or compliance by it with the terms, conditions and provisions hereof or thereof, will (i) conflict with, or result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under its Constituent Documents or (ii) conflict with or contravene in any material respect, and with respect to clause (B), result in the creation of a Lien (other than Permitted Liens) under, (A) any Applicable Law, (B) any indenture, agreement or other contractual restriction binding on or affecting it or any of its assets, including any Related Document, or (C) any order, writ, judgment, award, injunction or decree binding on or affecting it or any of its assets or properties, except, in the case of clauses (A), (B) and (C) above, where such conflict, contravention, breach, violation or default could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (f) Governmental Authorizations Private Authorizations Governmental Filings . It has obtained, maintained and kept in full force and effect all material Governmental Authorizations and material Private Authorizations which are necessary for it to properly carry out its business, and made all material Governmental Filings necessary for the execution and delivery by it of the Facility Documents to which it is a party and the performance by it of its obligations under this Agreement and the other Facility Documents to which it is a party. 
 -77- 

(g) Compliance with Agreements, Laws, Etc. It has duly observed and complied in all material respects with all Applicable Laws relating to the conduct of its business and its assets. It has preserved and kept in full force and effect its legal existence. It has preserved and kept in full force and effect its rights, privileges, qualifications and franchises, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (h) Reserved . 
 (i) Taxes . It has filed all income tax returns and all other material tax returns which are required to be filed by it, if any, and has paid all income taxes and all other material taxes shown to be due and payable on such returns, if any, or pursuant to any assessment received by any such Person other than any such taxes, assessments or charges that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which appropriate reserves in accordance with GAAP have been established. 
 (j) Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Terrorism Laws . None of the Equityholder, its subsidiaries, their respective directors or officers, or, to the best knowledge of the Equityholder, their respective agents or employees or its Affiliates, has engaged in any activity or conduct which would violate any applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-terrorism or anti-money laundering laws, regulations or rules in any applicable jurisdiction and the Equityholder and its Affiliates have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to prevent violation of such laws, regulations and rules. 
 (k) Sanctions . None of the Equityholder, its subsidiaries, their respective directors or officers, or, to the best knowledge of the Equityholder, their respective agents or employees or its Affiliates, is a Person that is, or is owned or controlled by Persons that are (i) a Sanctioned Person or (ii) located, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country. 
 (l) Reserved . 
 (m) No Proceedings . There is no litigation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to its knowledge, threatened against it before any Governmental Authority (i) asserting the invalidity of any Facility Document to which it is a party, (ii) seeking to prevent the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by any Facility Document to which it is a party or (iii) that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (n) Information . All information heretofore or hereafter furnished by it or on its behalf to any Secured Party in connection with the Facility Documents or any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby is and will be (when taken as a whole) true, complete and correct in all material respects as of the date such information is stated or certified and does not and will not omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not misleading. 
 -78- 

ARTICLE X COVENANTS 
 SECTION 1.1. Affirmative Covenants of the Borrower . The Borrower covenants and agrees that, until the Collection Date 
 (a) Compliance with Agreements, Laws, Etc. It shall (i) duly observe and comply in all material respects with all Applicable Laws relative to the conduct of its business or to its assets, (ii) preserve and keep in full force and effect its legal existence, (iii) preserve and keep in full force and effect its rights, privileges, qualifications and franchises, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (iv) comply with the terms and conditions of each Facility Document to which it is a party, its Constituent Documents and each Related Document to which it is a party and (v) obtain, maintain and keep in full force and effect all Governmental Authorizations, Private Authorizations and Governmental Filings which are necessary to properly carry out its business and the transactions contemplated to be performed by it under the Facility Documents to which it is a party, its Constituent Documents and the Related Documents to which it is a party, except, in the case of this clause (v), where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) Enforcement . 
 (i) It shall not take any action that would release any Obligor from any of such Obligor s material covenants or obligations under any instrument or agreement included in the Collateral, except in the case of (A) repayment of Collateral Loans, (B) subject to the terms of this Agreement, (1) amendments to Collateral Loans in accordance with the Servicing Standard and (2) actions taken in connection with the work out or restructuring of any Collateral Loan in accordance with the provisions hereof, and (C) other actions by the Servicer required hereby or otherwise to the extent not prohibited by, or in conflict with, this Agreement. 
 (ii) It will perform, and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Servicer to perform, all of their obligations and agreements contained in this Agreement or any other Facility Document to which such Person is a party. 
 (c) Further Assurances . It shall promptly upon the reasonable request of either Agent or the Required Lenders (through the Administrative Agent), at its expense, execute and deliver such further instruments and take such further action in order to maintain and protect the Collateral Agent s first-priority perfected security interest in the Collateral pledged by the Borrower for the benefit of the Secured Parties free and clear of any Liens (other than Permitted Liens). At the request of either Agent or the Required Lenders (through the Administrative Agent), it shall promptly take, at the Borrower s expense, such further action in order to establish and protect the rights, interests and remedies created or intended to be created under this Agreement in favor of the Secured Parties in the Collateral, including all actions which are necessary to (x) enable the Secured Parties to enforce their rights and remedies under this Agreement and the other Facility Documents, and (y) effectuate the intent and purpose of, and to carry out the terms of, the Facility Documents. 
 -79- 

(d) Financial Statements Other Information . It shall provide to the Administrative Agent or cause to be provided to the Administrative Agent (with enough additional copies for each Lender) 
 (i) within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Equityholder, a copy of the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Equityholder and its consolidated subsidiaries as at the end of such year, the related consolidated statements of income for such year and the related consolidated statements of changes in net assets and of cash flows for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year provided , that the financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to this clause (i) which are made available via EDGAR, or any successor system of the Securities Exchange Commission, in the Equityholder s annual report on Form 10-K, shall be deemed delivered to the Administrative Agent on the date such documents are made so available 
 (ii) within 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of each fiscal year (other than the last fiscal quarter of each fiscal year), an unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Equityholder and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal quarter and including the prior comparable period (if any), and the unaudited consolidated statements of income of the Equityholder and its consolidated subsidiaries for such fiscal quarter and for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such fiscal quarter, and the unaudited consolidated statements of cash flows of the Equityholder and its consolidated subsidiaries for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such fiscal quarter provided , that the financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to this clause (ii) which are made available via EDGAR, or any successor system of the Securities Exchange Commission, in Equityholder s quarterly report on Form 10-Q, shall be deemed delivered to the Administrative Agent on the date such documents are made so available 
 (iii) within two Business Days after a Responsible Officer of the Borrower obtains actual knowledge of the occurrence and continuance of any (A) Default, (B) Event of Default, (C) event or occurrence that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (D) Revaluation Event, (E) receipt of notice from the agent on a Collateral Loan that the related Obligor has defaulted (beyond applicable grace periods) in the payment of principal or interest or (F) Collateral Loan that ceases to be an Eligible Collateral Loan, a certificate of a Responsible Officer setting forth the details thereof and the action which the Borrower is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto 
 (iv) from time to time such additional information regarding the Borrower s financial position or business and the Collateral (including reasonably detailed calculations of each Coverage Test) as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (through the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request if reasonably available without undue burden or expense 
 (v) promptly after the occurrence of any ERISA Event, notice of such ERISA Event and copies of any communications with all Governmental Authorities or any Multiemployer Plan with respect to such ERISA Event 
 (vi) promptly following any reasonable request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer, anti-money laundering and sanctions rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act 
 -80- 

(vii) within two Business Days after a Responsible Officer of the Borrower obtains actual knowledge thereof, provide notice to the Administrative Agent of any settlement of, material judgment (including a material judgment with respect to the liability phase of a bifurcated trial) in or commencement of any material labor controversy, material litigation, material action, material suit or material proceeding before any court or governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, directly affecting in any material respect the Collateral (taken as a whole), the Facility Documents, or any Secured Party s interest in the Collateral and 
 (viii) with respect to each Obligor of a Collateral Loan that is not a Broadly Syndicated Loan (1) within ten (10) Business Days of the completion of the Servicer s portfolio review of such Obligor (which, for each Obligor shall occur no less frequently than four (4) times per calendar year) (I) the most recent financial reporting packages that correspond to such portfolio review with respect to such Obligor and with respect to each related Collateral Loan (including any attached or included information, statements and calculations) received as of the date of the Servicer s most recent portfolio review and (II) the internal monitoring report prepared by the Servicer with respect to each Obligor and (2) upon demand by the Administrative Agent, such other information as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request with respect to any Collateral Loan or Obligor (to the extent reasonably available to the Servicer). 
 (e) Access to Records and Documents . It shall permit the Administrative Agent (or any Person designated by the Administrative Agent as its agent or representative, subject to delivery of standard confidentiality agreements) to, upon reasonable advance notice and during normal business hours, visit and inspect and make copies thereof at reasonable intervals (i) its books, records and accounts relating to its business, financial condition, operations, assets and its performance under the Facility Documents and the Related Documents and to discuss the foregoing with its and such Person s officers, partners, employees and accountants, and (ii) the Related Documents with respect to the Collateral provided that, so long as no Event of Default has occurred, the Borrower shall be responsible for all costs and expenses for only one such visit per fiscal year by the Lenders and the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall be permitted to schedule such visits on behalf of the Lenders and shall (1) coordinate in good faith with the Lenders to determine dates which are acceptable to a majority of the Lenders and whenever possible occur on one such date as a single group and (2) provide 10 days prior notice to the Lenders of any such visit and any Lender shall be permitted to accompany the Administrative Agent in such visit. 
 (f) Use of Proceeds . It shall use the proceeds of each Advance made hereunder solely 
 (i) to fund or pay the purchase price of Collateral Loans or Eligible Investments acquired by the Borrower in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein (it being understood that the Borrower may request an Advance to fund the applicable Advance Rate of one or more Collateral Loans either on the date of acquisition or at a later time during the Reinvestment Period pursuant to Article II) including pursuant to the Macomb Merger 
 (ii) to fund additional extensions of credit under Revolving Collateral Loans and Delayed Drawdown Collateral Loans purchased in accordance with the terms of this Agreement 
 (iii) to fund the Revolving Reserve Account on or prior to the Commitment Termination Date to the extent the Revolving Reserve Account is required to be funded 
 -81- 

pursuant to Section 8.04 (and the Borrower shall submit a Notice of Borrowing requesting an Advance on a Borrowing Date falling no more than five and no less than one Business Day prior to the Commitment Termination Date with a Requested Amount sufficient to fully fund the Revolving Reserve Account under Section 8.04) and 
 (iv) to make Permitted Distributions or Permitted RIC Distributions. 
 Without limiting the foregoing, it shall use the proceeds of each Advance in a manner that does not, directly or indirectly, violate any provision of its Constituent Documents or any Applicable Law, including Regulation T, Regulation U and Regulation X. 
 (g) Information and Reports . Each Notice of Borrowing, each Monthly Report and all other written information, reports, certificates and statements furnished by or on behalf of it to any Secured Party for purposes of or in connection with this Agreement, the other Facility Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be true, complete and correct in all material respects as of the date such information is stated or certified provided that solely with respect to information furnished by the Borrower which was provided to the Borrower from an Obligor with respect to a Collateral Loan, such information shall only need to be true, complete and correct to the actual knowledge of the Borrower provided further that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information represents the Borrower s good faith estimates as of the date of preparation thereof, based upon methods and data the Borrower believes to be reasonable and accurate, but actual results during the periods covered by such projections may differ materially from such projections. 
 (h) Opinions as to Collateral . On or before each five year anniversary of the Closing Date, at the request of the Administrative Agent, it shall furnish to the Agents an opinion of counsel addressed to the Agents and the Borrower relating to the continued perfection of the security interest granted by the Borrower to the Collateral Agent hereunder. 
 (i) No Other Business . It shall not engage in any business or activity other than borrowing Advances pursuant to this Agreement, funding, acquiring, owning, holding, administering, selling, enforcing, lending, exchanging, redeeming, pledging, contracting for the management of and otherwise dealing with Collateral Loans, Eligible Investments and the Collateral in connection therewith and entering into and performing its obligations under the Facility Documents, any applicable Related Documents and any other agreement contemplated by this Agreement. 
 (j) Tax Matters . It shall remain a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 (k) Compliance with Legal Opinions . The Borrower shall take all other actions necessary to maintain the accuracy of the factual assumptions set forth in the legal opinions of Dechert LLP, as special counsel to the Borrower, issued on the Closing Date and relating to the issues of substantive consolidation. 
 SECTION 1.2. Covenants of the Servicer . The Servicer covenants and agrees that, until the Collection Date 
 (a) Compliance with Agreements, Laws, Etc. It shall (i) duly observe and comply in all material respects with all Applicable Laws relative to the conduct of its business or to its assets, (ii) preserve and keep in full force and effect its legal existence, (iii) preserve and keep in full force and effect its rights, privileges, qualifications and franchises, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a 
 -82- 

Material Adverse Effect, (iv) comply with the terms and conditions of each Facility Document to which it is a party and its Constituent Documents and (v) obtain, maintain and keep in full force and effect all Governmental Authorizations, Private Authorizations and Governmental Filings which are necessary to properly carry out its business and the transactions contemplated to be performed by it under the Facility Documents to which it is a party and its Constituent Documents, except, in the case of this clause (v), where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) Enforcement . It shall not take any action that would release any Obligor from any of such Obligor s covenants or obligations under any instrument or agreement included in the Collateral, except in the case of (A) repayment of Collateral Loans, (B) subject to the terms of this Agreement, (1) amendments to Collateral Loans in accordance with the Servicing Standard and (2) actions taken in connection with the work out or restructuring of any Collateral Loan in accordance with the provisions hereof, and (C) other actions by the Servicer required hereby or otherwise to the extent not prohibited by, or in conflict with, this Agreement. 
 (c) Further Assurances . It shall promptly upon the request of either Agent or the Required Lenders (through the Administrative Agent), at its expense, execute and deliver such further instruments and take such further action in order to maintain and protect the Collateral Agent s first-priority perfected security interest in the Collateral pledged by the Borrower for the benefit of the Secured Parties free and clear of any Liens (other than Permitted Liens). At the request of either Agent or the Required Lenders (through the Administrative Agent), it shall promptly take, at the Borrower s expense, such further action in order to establish and protect the rights, interests and remedies created or intended to be created under this Agreement in favor of the Secured Parties in the Collateral, including all actions which are necessary to (x) enable the Secured Parties to enforce their rights and remedies under this Agreement and the other Facility Documents, and (y) effectuate the intent and purpose of, and to carry out the terms of, the Facility Documents. 
 (d) Other Information . It shall provide to the Administrative Agent or cause to be provided to the Administrative Agent 
 (i) within two (2) Business Days after a Responsible Officer of the Servicer obtains actual knowledge of the occurrence and continuance of any (A) Default, (B) Event of Default, (C) Potential Servicer Removal Event, (D) Servicer Removal Event, (E) event or occurrence that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (F) Revaluation Event, (G) receipt of notice from the agent on a Collateral Loan that the related Obligor has defaulted (beyond applicable grace periods) in the payment of principal or interest or (H) Collateral Loan that ceases to be an Eligible Collateral Loan, a certificate of a Responsible Officer setting forth the details thereof and the action which the Servicer is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto 
 (ii) from time to time such additional information regarding the Collateral (including reasonably detailed calculations of each Coverage Test) as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (through the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request if reasonably available without undue burden or expense 
 (iii) a Borrowing Base Calculation Statement on (A) each date on which the Servicer sells or substitutes (or commits to sell or substitute, as the case may be) any Collateral Loan and (B) the date on which the Servicer obtains knowledge of any Material Modification or Revaluation Event to a Collateral Loan or that a Collateral Loan has become a Defaulted Collateral Loan 
 -83- 

(iv) promptly following any reasonable request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer, anti-money laundering and sanctions rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act and 
 (v) within two (2) Business Days after a Responsible Officer of the Servicer obtains actual knowledge thereof, provide notice to the Administrative Agent of any settlement of, material judgment (including a material judgment with respect to the liability phase of a bifurcated trial) in or commencement of any material labor controversy, material litigation, material action, material suit or material proceeding before any court or governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, directly and adversely affecting the in any material respect the Collateral (taken as a whole), the Facility Documents, or any Secured Party s interest in the Collateral. 
 (e) Access to Records and Documents . It shall permit the Administrative Agent (or any Person designated by the Administrative Agent as its agent or representative, subject to delivery of standard confidentiality agreements) to, upon reasonable advance notice and during normal business hours, visit and inspect and make copies thereof at reasonable intervals its books, records and accounts relating to the Collateral, the Borrower, the Facility Documents and the performance of the Servicer under the Facility Documents and to discuss the foregoing with its and such Person s officers, partners, employees and accountants provided that so long as no Event of Default has occurred the Borrower shall be responsible for all costs and expenses for only one such visit per fiscal year by the Lenders and the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall be permitted to schedule such visits on behalf of the Lenders and shall (1) coordinate in good faith with the Lenders to determine dates which are acceptable to a majority of the Lenders and whenever possible occur on one such date as a single group and (2) provide 10 days prior notice to the Lenders of any such visit and any Lender shall be permitted to accompany the Administrative Agent in such visit. 
 (f) Information and Reports . Each Notice of Borrowing, each Monthly Report and all other written information, reports, certificates and statements furnished by or on behalf of it to any other Secured Party for purposes of or in connection with this Agreement, the other Facility Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be true, complete and correct in all material respects as of the date such information is stated or certified provided that solely with respect to information furnished by the Servicer which was provided to the Servicer from an Obligor with respect to a Collateral Loan, such information shall only need to be true, complete and correct to the actual knowledge of the Servicer provided further that, with respect to projected financial information, the Servicer represents only that such information represents the Servicer s good faith estimates as of the date of preparation thereof, based upon methods and data the Servicer believes to be reasonable and accurate, but actual results during the periods covered by such projections may differ materially from such projections. 
 (g) Collections . It shall direct any agent or administrative agent for any Collateral Loan to remit all payments and collections with respect to such Collateral Loan and, if applicable, to direct the Obligor with respect to such Collateral Loan to remit all such payments and collections with respect to such Collateral Loan directly to the Collection Account. 
 -84- 

(h) Priority of Payments . It shall instruct the Collateral Agent to apply all Interest Proceeds and Principal Proceeds solely in accordance with the Priority of Payments and the other provisions of this Agreement. 
 (i) Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions . The Servicer shall maintain and shall ensure that its Affiliates maintain policies and procedures designed to prevent violation of any applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-terrorism or anti-money laundering laws, regulations or rules in any applicable jurisdiction. The Servicer shall not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the loan hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, sister company, joint venture partner or any other Person (i) to fund any activities or business of or with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is, a Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned Country, or (ii) in any other manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions, any applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-terrorism or anti-money laundering laws, regulations or rules in any applicable jurisdiction by any Person (including any Person participating in the loan hereunder, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor, lender, hedge provider, facility or security agent or otherwise). 
 SECTION 1.3. Negative Covenants of the Borrower . The Borrower covenants and agrees that, until the Collection Date 
 (a) Restrictive Agreements . It shall not enter into or suffer to exist or permit to become effective any agreement that prohibits, limits or imposes any condition upon its ability to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) upon any of its property or revenues constituting Collateral, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, to secure its obligations under the Facility Documents other than this Agreement and the other Facility Documents. 
 (b) Liquidation Merger Sale of Collateral . It shall not consummate any plan of liquidation, dissolution, partial liquidation, merger or consolidation (or suffer any liquidation, dissolution or partial liquidation) nor sell, transfer, exchange or otherwise dispose of any of its assets, or enter into an agreement or commitment to do so or enter into or engage in any business with respect to any part of its assets, except as expressly permitted by this Agreement and the other Facility Documents (including in connection with the repayment in full of the Obligations). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, after the date hereof the Borrower may merge with Macomb Park CLO, Ltd., so long as the Borrower is the surviving entity. 
 (c) Amendments to Constituent Documents, Etc. Without the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), (i) it shall not amend, modify or take any action inconsistent with its Constituent Documents and (ii) it will not amend, modify or waive in any material respect any term or provision in any Facility Document (other than in accordance with any provision thereof requiring the consent of the Administrative Agent or all or a specified percentage of the Lenders). 
 (d) ERISA . It shall not establish or incur any liability or obligation with respect to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan and no member of the ERISA Group shall establish or incur any liability or obligation with respect to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan that in each case would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (e) Liens . It shall not sell, pledge, assign or transfer to any other Person, or grant, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on any of its assets now owned or hereafter acquired by it at any time, except for Permitted Liens or as otherwise expressly permitted by this Agreement and the other Facility Documents. 
 -85- 

(f) Margin Requirements Covered Transactions . It shall not (i) extend credit to others for the purpose of buying or carrying any Margin Stock in such a manner as to violate Regulation T or Regulation U or (ii) use all or any part of the proceeds of any Advance, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, for any purpose that violates the provisions of the Regulations of the Board of Governors, including, to the extent applicable, Regulation U and Regulation X. 
 (g) Changes to Filing Information Change of Location of Underlying Instruments . It shall not change its name or its jurisdiction of organization from that referred to in Section 4.01(a), unless it gives thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Agents and takes all actions that the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (through the Administrative Agent) reasonably request and determine to be necessary to protect and perfect the Collateral Agent s perfected security interest in the Collateral. It shall not, without the prior consent of the Administrative Agent, consent to the Collateral Agent moving any Certificated Securities or Instruments, unless the Borrower has given at least ten (10) days written notice to the Administrative Agent and has taken all actions required under the UCC of each relevant jurisdiction in order to ensure that the Collateral Agent s first priority perfected security interest (subject to Permitted Liens) continues in full effect. 
 (h) Transactions with Affiliates . It shall not sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, the Servicer, the Equityholder and or any of their Affiliates (including sales of Defaulted Collateral Loans and other Collateral Loans), unless (x) such transaction is upon terms no less favorable to the Borrower than it would obtain in a comparable arm s length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate (it being agreed that any purchase or sale at par shall be deemed to comply with this provision) or (y) the Borrower has received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent with respect to such transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary contained herein, nothing shall prohibit Borrower from (i) transferring or distributing the Collateral Loans to the Equityholder or an Affiliate of the Equityholder, as applicable, in accordance with Article X, (ii) making Permitted Distributions(in accordance with the definition thereof) or (iii) Permitted RIC Distributions (in accordance with the definition thereof) to the Equityholder. 
 (i) Investment Company Restriction . It shall not and shall not permit the pool of Collateral to become required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 (j) Anti-Corruption and Sanctions . The Borrower shall maintain and shall ensure that its Affiliates maintain policies and procedures designed to prevent violation of any applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-terrorism or anti-money laundering laws, regulations or rules in any applicable jurisdiction. The Borrower shall not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the loan hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, sister company, joint venture partner or any other Person (i) to fund any activities or business of or with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is, a Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned Country, or (ii) in any other manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions, any applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-terrorism or anti-money laundering laws, regulations or rules in any applicable jurisdiction by any Person (including any Person participating in the loan hereunder, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor, lender, hedge provider, facility or security agent or otherwise). 
 (k) Reserved . 
 -86- 

(l) Indebtedness Guarantees Securities Other Assets . It shall not incur or assume or guarantee any indebtedness, obligations (including contingent obligations) or other liabilities, or issue any additional securities, whether debt or equity, in each case other than (i) pursuant to or as expressly permitted by this Agreement and the other Facility Documents, including expenses payable in the ordinary course of business, (ii) obligations under its Constituent Documents or (iii) pursuant to customary indemnification, expense reimbursement and similar provisions under the Related Documents. It shall not acquire any Collateral Loan or other property other than as expressly permitted under the Facility Documents, it being understood and agreed that the Borrower shall be permitted to acquire Collateral Loans from the Servicer, the Equityholder and or their Affiliates and from unaffiliated third parties. The Borrower shall not accept equity contributions from the Equityholder or OC Ratio Posting Payments in excess of 600,000,000 in the aggregate. 
 (m) Validity of this Agreement . It shall not (i) take any action or omit to take any action, the result of which would permit the validity or effectiveness of any Facility Document or any grant of Collateral under this Agreement to be impaired, or permit the Lien of this Agreement to be amended, hypothecated, subordinated, terminated or discharged, or take any action or omit to take any action, the result of which would permit any Person to be released from any covenant or obligation with respect to this Agreement and (ii) except as permitted by any Facility Document, take any action that would permit the Lien of this Agreement not to constitute a valid first priority perfected security interest in the Collateral (subject to Permitted Liens). 
 (n) Subsidiaries . It shall not have or permit the formation of any subsidiaries, except in connection with the receipt of equity securities pursuant to an exercise of remedies with respect to a Collateral Loan or any work-out or restructuring of a Collateral Loan. 
 (o) Name . It shall not conduct business under any name other than its own. 
 (p) Employees . It shall not have any employees. 
 (q) Non-Petition . It shall not be party to any agreements under which it has any material obligation or liability (direct or contingent) without using commercially reasonable efforts to include customary non-petition and limited recourse provisions therein (and shall not amend or eliminate such provisions in any agreement to which it is party), except for loan agreements, related loan documents, any agreements related to the purchase and sale of any Collateral Loan which contain customary (as determined by the Servicer) purchase or sale terms or which are documented using customary (as determined by the Servicer) loan trading documentation in connection with the Collateral Loans and any agreement that does not impose a material obligation on the Borrower and that is of a type that customarily does not include non-petition or limited recourse provisions (including customary service contracts and engagement letters entered into with third party service providers (including independent accountants and providers of independent managers)). 
 (r) Certificated Securities . It shall not acquire or hold any Certificated Securities in bearer form in a manner that does not satisfy the requirements of United States Treasury Regulations section 1.165-12(c) (as determined by the Servicer). 
 SECTION 1.4. Covenants of the Equityholder . The Equityholder covenants and agrees that, until the Collection Date 
 (a) Compliance with Agreements, Laws, Etc. It shall (i) duly observe and comply in all material respects with all Applicable Laws relative to the conduct of its business or to its assets, (ii) preserve and keep in full force and effect its legal existence, 
 -87- 

(iii) preserve and keep in full force and effect its rights, privileges, qualifications and franchises, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (iv) comply with the terms and conditions of each Facility Document to which it is a party and its Constituent Documents and (v) obtain, maintain and keep in full force and effect all Governmental Authorizations, Private Authorizations and Governmental Filings which are necessary to properly carry out its business and the transactions contemplated to be performed by it under the Facility Documents to which it is a party and its Constituent Documents, except, in the case of clause (v), where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) Other Information . It shall provide to the Administrative Agent or cause to be provided to the Administrative Agent (with enough additional copies for each Lender) promptly following any reasonable request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer, anti-money laundering and sanctions rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act. 
 (c) Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions . The Equityholder shall maintain and shall ensure that its Affiliates maintain policies and procedures designed to prevent violation of any applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-terrorism or anti-money laundering laws, regulations or rules in any applicable jurisdiction. The Equityholder shall not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the loan hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, sister company, joint venture partner or any other Person (i) to fund any activities or business of or with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is, a Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned Country, or (ii) in any other manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions, any applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-terrorism or anti-money laundering laws, regulations or rules in any applicable jurisdiction by any Person (including any Person participating in the loan hereunder, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor, lender, hedge provider, facility or security agent or otherwise). 
 (d) Separateness . The Equityholder shall not take any action that causes, or omit to take any action that results in, the Borrower to fail to comply with any of its covenants in Section 5.05 and the Equityholder shall take all other actions necessary to maintain the accuracy of the factual assumptions set forth in the legal opinions of Dechert LLP, as special counsel to the Borrower, issued on the Closing Date and relating to the issues of substantive consolidation. 
 (e) Liens . The Equityholder shall neither pledge (nor permit to be pledged) the equity interests in the Borrower nor otherwise permit any equity interests of the Borrower to be subject to a Lien other than Permitted Liens. 
 SECTION 1.5. Certain Undertakings Relating to Separateness . Without limiting any, and subject to all, other covenants of the Borrower, the Equityholder and the Servicer contained in this Agreement, the Borrower (the Servicer in acting on behalf or for the benefit of the Borrower and the Equityholder in acting on behalf of the Borrower as the equityholder in the Borrower) shall conduct its business and operations separate and apart from that of any other Person (including the Equityholder and any of their Affiliates) and in furtherance of the foregoing 
 (a) The Borrower shall maintain its accounts, financial statements, books, accounting and other records, and other documents separate from those of any other Person provided that the Borrower may be consolidated into the Equityholder solely for tax and accounting purposes. 
 -88- 

(b) The Borrower shall not commingle or pool any of its funds or assets with those of the Servicer, the Equityholder or any of their Affiliates or any other Person, and it shall hold all of its assets in its own name, except as otherwise permitted or required under the Facility Documents. 
 (c) The Borrower shall conduct its own business in its own name and, for all purposes, shall not operate, or purport to operate, collectively as a single or consolidated business entity with respect to any Person (although, in connection with certain financial reporting, regulatory filings, advertising and marketing, it may be identified as a subsidiary of the Equityholder). 
 (d) The Borrower shall pay its own debts, liabilities and expenses (including overhead expenses, if any) only out of its own assets as the same shall become due provided , however , in its capacity as Servicer, Blackstone GSO Secured Lending Fund may from time to time advance expenses of the Borrower for which Blackstone GSO Secured Lending Fund is later reimbursed pursuant to the Priority of Payments. 
 (e) The Borrower has observed, and shall observe, all (A) corporate formalities and (B) other organizational formalities, in each case to the extent necessary or advisable to preserve its separate existence (although, in connection with certain financial reporting, regulatory filings, advertising and marketing, it may be identified as a subsidiary of the Equityholder), and shall preserve its existence, and it shall not, nor shall it permit any Affiliate or any other Person to, amend, modify or otherwise change its operating agreement in a manner that would adversely affect the existence of the Borrower as a bankruptcy-remote special purpose entity. The Borrower shall have at least one Independent Manager at all times (subject to the time periods for replacement of Independent Managers that have resigned or have been removed set forth in the Borrower s Constituent Documents). 
 (f) The Borrower shall not (A) guarantee, become obligated for, or hold itself or its credit out to be responsible for or available to satisfy, the debts or obligations of any other Person or (B) control the decisions or actions respecting the daily business or affairs of any other Person, except as permitted by or pursuant to the Facility Documents. 
 (g) The Borrower shall, at all times, hold itself out to the public as a legal entity separate and distinct from any other Person (although, in connection with certain financial reporting, advertising and marketing, it may be identified as a subsidiary of the Equityholder) provided that the assets of the Borrower may be consolidated for accounting purposes and included in consolidated financial statements of the Equityholder as required by GAAP or applicable law. 
 (h) The Borrower shall not identify itself as a division of any other Person. 
 (i) The Borrower shall maintain its assets in such a manner that it will not be costly or difficult to segregate, ascertain or identify its individual assets from those of any Affiliate or any other Person. 
 (j) Except as may be provided in the Facility Documents, any transaction between the Borrower and any of the Servicer, the Equityholder and their Affiliates shall be on arm s length terms. 
 (k) Except as permitted by, or pursuant to, the Facility Documents, the Borrower shall not grant a security interest or otherwise pledge its assets for the benefit of any other Person (other than its pledge of the Collateral hereunder to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties). 
 -89- 

(l) The Borrower shall not acquire any securities or debt instruments of the Equityholder, the Servicer, any Affiliates of the foregoing or any other Person (except for equity interests in Obligors in connection with the exercise of any remedies with respect to a Collateral Loan or any exchange offer, work-out or restructuring of a Collateral Loan). 
 (m) The Borrower shall not make loans or advances to any Person, except for the Collateral Loans and as permitted by or pursuant to the Facility Documents. 
 (n) The Borrower shall make no transfer of its Collateral Loans, except as permitted by or pursuant to the Facility Documents. 
 (o) The Borrower shall file its own tax returns separate from those of any other Person or entity, except to the extent that the Borrower is not required to file tax returns under Applicable Law or is not permitted to file its own tax returns separate from those of any other Person. 
 (p) The Borrower shall, to the extent used in its business, use separate stationery, invoices and checks. 
 (q) The Borrower shall correct any known misunderstanding regarding its separate identity. 
 (r) The Borrower shall maintain adequate capital in light of its contemplated business operations. 
 (s) The Borrower shall at all times be organized as a single-purpose entity with Constituent Documents substantially similar to those in effect on the Closing Date. 
 (t) The Borrower shall at all times conduct its business so that any assumptions made with respect to the Borrower in any substantive non-consolidation opinion delivered in connection with the Facility Documents will continue to be true and correct in all material respects. 
 ARTICLE XI EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 SECTION 1.1. Events of Default . Event of Default , wherever used herein, means any one of the following events (whatever the reason for such Event of Default and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body) 
 (a) a default in the payment, when due and payable, of (x) any principal in respect of the Advances or (y) any other payment required to be made pursuant to this Agreement or any other Facility Document and if such date is not the Final Maturity Date, such default, solely in the case of this clause (y), has not been cured within three (3) Business Days after written notice thereof by the Administrative Agent provided , that, solely in the case of clause (y) on a date other than on the Final Maturity Date resulting solely from an administrative error or omission by the Administrative Agent, the Securities Intermediary or any paying agent, such default continues for a period of five (5) Business Days after the Administrative Agent or the Securities Intermediary receives written notice or a Responsible Officer of such party has actual knowledge of such administrative error or omission 
 -90- 

(b) any failure by the Borrower to deposit or credit, or to deliver for deposit, in the Covered Accounts any amount required hereunder to be so deposited credited or delivered by it, on or before the date occurring three (3) Business Days after the date such deposit or distribution is required to be made by the Servicer 
 (c) the Borrower or the pool of Collateral becomes an investment company required to be registered under the Investment Company Act 
 (d) except as otherwise provided in this Section 6.01, a default in the performance, or breach, of any covenant or agreement of the Borrower or Equityholder under this Agreement or the other Facility Documents to which it is a party (it being understood, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, that any failure to meet any Concentration Limitation or Coverage Test is not an Event of Default under this clause (d)), or the failure of any representation or warranty of the Borrower or the Equityholder made in this Agreement or in any other Facility Document to be correct, in each case, in all material respects when the same shall have been made, and the continuation of such default, breach or failure for a period of thirty (30) days after the earlier of (i) written notice to the Borrower and the Servicer (which may be by e-mail) by either Agent, and (ii) a Responsible Officer of the Borrower or the Servicer has acquired actual knowledge thereof provided that if such default, breach or failure cannot be cured, such Event of Default shall occur immediately after receipt by the Borrower of such written notice from the Administrative Agent 
 (e) the Borrower ceases to have a valid ownership interest in all of the Collateral (subject to Permitted Liens) 
 (f) the Borrower assigns any of its rights, obligations, or duties under the Facility Documents without the prior written consent of each Lender 
 (g) Reserved 
 (h) (i) any Facility Document or any material provision thereof shall (except in accordance with its terms) terminate, cease to be effective or cease to be the legally valid, binding and enforceable obligation of the Borrower, the Equityholder or the Servicer, (ii) the Borrower, the Equityholder, the Servicer or any Governmental Authority shall, directly or indirectly, contest in any manner the effectiveness, validity, binding nature or enforceability of any Facility Document or any Lien purported to be created thereunder, or (iii) any Lien securing any obligation under any Facility Document shall, in whole or in part, cease to be a first priority perfected security interest of the Collateral Agent, except as otherwise permitted in accordance with the Facility Documents (subject to Permitted Liens) 
 (i) an Insolvency Event relating to the Borrower or the Equityholder 
 (j) failure to reduce the Advances to 0 by the Final Maturity Date 
 (k) on any Monthly Report Determination Date, the Interest Coverage Ratio Test is not satisfied and such failure shall continue for three (3) Business Days 
 (l) the occurrence of an OC Ratio Breach and such OC Ratio Breach remains unremedied for a period of 10 consecutive Business Days without being cured 
 (m) the rendering of one or more final judgments, decrees or orders by a court or arbitrator of competent jurisdiction for the payment of money in excess individually or in the aggregate of 100,000, with respect to the Borrower (net of amounts covered by insurance), or 1,000,000, with respect to the Equityholder (net of amounts covered by 
 -91- 

insurance), and the Borrower or Equityholder, as applicable, shall not have either (i) discharged or provided for the discharge of any such judgment, decree or order in accordance with its terms or (ii) perfected a timely appeal of such judgment, decree or order and caused the execution of same to be stayed during the pendency of the appeal, in each case, within sixty (60) days from the date of entry thereof 
 (n) the Borrower fails to have at least one Independent Manager provided that the resignation of an Independent Manager or the removal of an Independent Manager for cause shall not affect this clause (n) unless the Borrower fails to appoint a new Independent Manager within ten (10) Business Days of the effective date of such removal or resignation 
 (o) any Monthly Report or Payment Date Report shall fail to be delivered when due and such failure shall continue for three (3) Business Days after receipt of written notice thereof 
 (p) a Servicer Removal Event occurs 
 (q) (i) the Internal Revenue Service shall file notice of a Lien pursuant to Section 6321 of the Code with regard to any asset of the Borrower and such Lien shall not have been released within five (5) Business Days or (ii) the PBGC shall file notice of a Lien pursuant to Section 4068 of ERISA with regard to any asset of the Borrower and such Lien shall not have been released within five (5) Business Days 
 (r) the failure of the Borrower or the Equityholder or any of their subsidiaries to make any payment when due (after giving effect to any related grace period set forth in the related agreements) under one or more agreements for borrowed money to which it is a party in an amount in excess of 100,000, with respect to the Borrower, or 1,000,000, with respect to the Equityholder, whether or not such failure is waived pursuant to the related agreement 
 (s) the Borrower or Equityholder shall have made payments to settle any litigation, claim or dispute totaling more than, in the aggregate, 100,000, with respect to the Borrower, or 1,000,000, with respect to the Equityholder or 
 (t) the Borrower shall fail to qualify as a bankruptcy-remote entity based on customary criteria such that Borrower s special counsel or any other reputable counsel could no longer render a substantive non-consolidation opinion with respect to the Borrower. 
 Upon a Responsible Officer of the Borrower or the Servicer obtaining actual knowledge of the occurrence of an Event of Default, each of the Borrower and the Servicer shall promptly (and in any event within two (2) Business Days) notify each other and the Agents, specifying each specific Event of Default that has then occurred as well as all other Events of Default that are then known to be continuing. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default actually known to a Responsible Officer of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Agent shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent (which will notify the Lenders promptly) of such Event of Default in writing. 
 Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, in addition to all rights and remedies specified in this Agreement and the other Facility Documents, including Article VII, and the rights and remedies of a secured party under Applicable Law, including the UCC, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may with the consent of, the Majority Lenders, by notice to the Borrower (with a copy to the Collateral Agent), do any one or more of the following (1) declare the Commitments to be terminated, whereupon the Commitments shall be terminated, and (2) declare the principal of and the accrued Interest on the 
 -92- 

Advances and all other Obligations whatsoever payable by the Borrower hereunder to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon such amounts shall be immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other formalities of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower provided that, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default described in clause (i) of this Section 6.01, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the Advances and all such other amounts shall automatically become due and payable, without any further action by any party. 
 In addition, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default (and with respect to the remedy provided in clause (2) below, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default described in clause (p) above), following written notice by the Administrative Agent (provided in its sole discretion or at the direction of the Required Lenders) to the Servicer of the exercise of control rights with respect to the Collateral, the Administrative Agent may exercise such rights, including (1) the exercise of the Servicer s rights and obligations under the Facility Documents, including its unilateral power to (A) consent to modifications to Collateral Loans, (B) take any discretionary action with respect to Collateral Loans and (C) direct the acquisition, sales and other dispositions of Collateral Loans to be immediately terminated (2) subject to delivery of a Servicer Removal Notice, remove the Servicer and transfer of the Servicer s rights and obligations under the Facility Documents to a Replacement Servicer (3) if the Servicer is not terminated or otherwise replaced, to require the Servicer to obtain the consent of the Administrative Agent before agreeing to any modification of any Collateral Loan, taking any discretionary action with respect to any Collateral Loan or causing the Borrower to sell or otherwise dispose of any Collateral Loan (4) if the Servicer is not terminated or otherwise replaced, to require the Servicer to cause the Borrower to sell or otherwise dispose of any Collateral Loan as directed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 7.03, and (5) with respect to any specific Collateral Loan, to require the Servicer to take such discretionary action with respect to such Collateral Loan as directed by the Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 1.2. OC Ratio Posting Payments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if an OC Ratio Breach has occurred, within ten (10) Business Days of the occurrence of such OC Ratio Breach, the Equityholder may, but shall not be required to, cure such condition by making a cash payment into the Principal Collection Subaccount in an amount (which shall be in increments of 500,000) that would cause such OC Ratio Breach to be cured after giving effect to such payment into the Principal Collection Subaccount (any such payment, an OC Ratio Posting Payment provided that the aggregate amount of OC Ratio Posting Payments made by the Equityholder, measured cumulatively from the Closing Date onward, and equity contributions and deemed capital contributions made by the Equityholder may not exceed 350,000,000. 
 ARTICLE XII PLEDGE OF COLLATERAL RIGHTS OF THE COLLATERAL AGENT 
 SECTION 1.1. Grant of Security . (a) The Borrower hereby grants, pledges, transfers and collaterally assigns to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, as collateral security for all Obligations, a continuing security interest in, and a Lien upon, all of the Borrower s right, title and interest in, to and under, the following property, in each case whether tangible or intangible, wheresoever located, and whether now owned by the Borrower or hereafter acquired and whether now existing or hereafter coming into existence (in each case excluding the Excluded Amounts) (all of the property described in this Section 7.01(a) being collectively referred to herein as the Collateral 
 -93- 

(i) all Collateral Loans and Related Documents (including those listed, as of the Closing Date, in Schedule 3), both now and hereafter owned, including all Collections and other Proceeds thereon or with respect thereto 
 (ii) each Covered Account and all Money and all investment property (including all securities, all security entitlements with respect to such Covered Account and all financial assets carried in such Covered Account) from time to time on deposit in or credited to each Covered Account 
 (iii) all interest, dividends, distributions and other Money or property of any kind distributed in respect of the Collateral Loans of the Borrower, which the Borrower is entitled to receive, including all Collections in respect of its Collateral Loans 
 (iv) each Facility Document and all rights, remedies, powers, privileges and claims under or in respect thereto (whether arising pursuant to the terms thereof or otherwise available to the Borrower at law or equity), including the right to enforce each such Facility Document and to give or withhold any and all consents, requests, notices, directions, approvals, extensions or waivers under or with respect thereto, to the same extent as the Borrower could but for the assignment and security interest granted to the Collateral Agent under this Agreement 
 (v) all Cash or Money 
 (vi) all securities, loans and investments and, in each case as defined in the UCC, accounts, chattel paper, deposit accounts, instruments, financial assets, investment property, general intangibles, letter-of-credit rights, and supporting obligations of the Borrower, and all other property of any type or nature in which the Borrower has an interest (including the equity interests of each subsidiary of the Borrower), and all property of the Borrower which is delivered to the Collateral Agent by or on behalf of the Borrower (whether or not constituting Collateral Loans or Eligible Investments) 
 (vii) all Liens, property, guaranties, supporting obligations, insurance and other agreements or arrangements of whatever character from time to time supporting or securing payment of the assets, investments and properties described above and 
 (viii) all Proceeds of any and all of the foregoing. 
 (a) All terms used in this Section 7.01 but not defined in Section 1.01 shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in the UCC as applicable. 
 SECTION 1.2. Release of Security Interest . Upon the Collection Date or pursuant to Section 8.08, the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, shall, at the expense of the Borrower, promptly execute, deliver and file or authorize for filing such instruments as the Borrower shall reasonably request in order to reassign, release or terminate the Secured Parties security interest in the Collateral. The Secured Parties acknowledge and agree that upon the sale or disposition of any Collateral by the Borrower in compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the security interest of the Secured Parties in such Collateral shall immediately terminate and the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, shall, at the expense of the Borrower, execute, deliver and file or authorize for filing such instrument as the Borrower shall reasonably request to reflect or evidence such termination. Any and all actions under this Article VII in respect of the Collateral shall be without any recourse to, or representation or warranty by any Secured Party and shall be at the sole cost and expense of the Borrower. 
 -94- 

SECTION 1.3. Rights and Remedies . The Collateral Agent (for itself and on behalf of the other Secured Parties) shall have all of the rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC and other Applicable Law. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Collateral Agent or its designees shall, at the written direction of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders acting through the Administrative Agent, (a) instruct the Borrower to deliver any or all of the Collateral, the Related Documents and any other document relating to the Collateral to the Collateral Agent or its designees and otherwise give all instructions for the Borrower regarding the Collateral (b) sell or otherwise dispose of the Collateral in a commercially reasonable manner, all without judicial process or proceedings (c) take control of the Proceeds of any such Collateral (d) subject to the provisions of the applicable Related Documents, exercise any consensual or voting rights in respect of the Collateral (e) release, make extensions, discharges, exchanges or substitutions for, or surrender all or any part of the Collateral (f) enforce the Borrower s rights and remedies with respect to the Collateral (g) institute and prosecute legal and equitable proceedings to enforce collection of, or realize upon, any of the Collateral (h) require that the Borrower immediately take all actions necessary to cause the liquidation of the Collateral in order to pay all amounts due and payable in respect of the Obligations, in accordance with the terms of the Related Documents (i) redeem any asset of the Borrower to pay amounts due and payable in respect of the Obligations (j) make copies of all books, records and documents relating to the Collateral and (k) endorse the name of the Borrower upon any items of payment relating to the Collateral or upon any proof of claim in bankruptcy against an account debtor. To the extent permitted by applicable law, each of the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder waive all claims, damages and demands it may acquire against the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties arising out of the exercise by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent of any of their rights hereunder, except for any claims, damages and demands it may have against the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent arising from the willful misconduct or gross negligence of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent or their affiliates, or any agents or employees of the foregoing. 
 The Borrower hereby agrees that, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, at the request of either Agent or the Required Lenders (acting through the Administrative Agent), it shall execute all documents and agreements which are necessary or appropriate to have the Collateral to be assigned to the Collateral Agent or its designee. For purposes of taking the actions described in clauses (a) through (k) of this Section 7.03 the Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints the Collateral Agent as its attorney-in-fact (which appointment being coupled with an interest and is irrevocable while any of the Obligations remain unpaid), with power of substitution, in the name of the Collateral Agent or in the name of the Borrower or otherwise, for the use and benefit of the Collateral Agent, but at the cost and expense of the Borrower and, except as expressly required by Applicable Law, without notice to the Borrower. 
 Each of the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder recognizes that the Administrative Agent may be unable to effect a public sale of any or all of the Collateral, by reason of certain prohibitions contained in the Securities Act, and applicable state securities laws or otherwise, and may be compelled to resort to one or more private sales thereof to a restricted group of purchasers which will be obliged to agree, among other things, to acquire such item of Collateral for their own account for investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale thereof. Each of the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder acknowledges and agrees that any such private sale may result in prices and other terms less favorable to the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties than if such sale were a public sale and, notwithstanding such circumstances, agree that any such private sale shall not be deemed to have been made in a commercially unreasonable manner solely by virtue of being a private sale. 
 -95- 

Each of the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder further agrees that a breach of any of their covenants contained in this Section 7.03 will cause irreparable injury to the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties, that the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties have no adequate remedy at law in respect of such breach and, as a consequence, that each and every covenant contained in this Section 7.03 shall be specifically enforceable against the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder, and each of the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder hereby waives and agrees not to assert any defenses against an action for specific performance of such covenants except for a defense that no Event of Default has occurred under this Agreement or any defense relating to the Administrative Agent s willful misconduct or gross negligence. 
 Pursuant to the UCC, each of the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder hereby specifically agrees (x) that it shall not raise any objection to any Secured Party s purchase of the Collateral (through bidding on the obligations or otherwise) and (y) that a foreclosure sale conducted in conformity with the principles set forth in the No Action Letters promulgated by the SEC staff (1) shall be considered to be a public sale for purposes of the UCC, (2) shall be considered commercially reasonable notwithstanding that the Secured Party has not registered or sought to register the Collateral under the Securities Act, even if the Borrower agrees to pay all costs of the registration process, and (3) shall be considered to be commercially reasonable notwithstanding that the Secured Party purchases the Collateral at such a sale. 
 Each of the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder agrees that neither the Administrative Agent nor the Collateral Agent shall not have any general duty or obligation to make any effort to obtain or pay any particular price for any Collateral sold by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement. Each of the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder hereby agrees that the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent shall have the right to conduct, and shall not incur any liability as a result of, the sale of any Collateral, or any part thereof, at any sale conducted in a commercially reasonable manner, it being agreed by the parties hereto that some or all of the Collateral is or may be of one or more types that threaten to decline speedily in value. The Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder hereby waive any claims against the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent arising by reason of the fact that the price at which any of the Collateral may have been sold at a private sale was less than the price that might have been obtained at a public sale or was less than the aggregate amount of the Borrower s obligations under this Agreement, even if the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent accepts the first bid received and does not offer any Collateral to more than one bidder, provided that Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent has acted in a commercially reasonable manner in conducting such private sale. Without in any way limiting the Administrative Agent s or the Collateral Agent s right to conduct a foreclosure sale in any manner which is considered commercially reasonable, each of the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder hereby agrees that any foreclosure sale conducted in accordance with the following provisions shall be considered a commercially reasonable sale, and each of the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder hereby irrevocably waives any right to contest any such sale conducted in accordance with the following provisions 
 (1) the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent conducts such foreclosure sale in the State of New York 
 (2) such foreclosure sale is conducted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York and 
 (3) not more than thirty days before, and not less than three Business Days in advance of such foreclosure sale, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent notifies the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder at the address set forth herein of the time and place of such foreclosure sale. 
 -96- 

In connection with the sale of the Collateral following the acceleration of the Obligations, the Equityholder, the Servicer and their respective Affiliates shall have the right to purchase any or all of the Collateral, in each case by paying to the Collateral Agent in immediately available funds, an amount equal to all outstanding Obligations. If the Equityholder, the Servicer and their respective Affiliates fail to exercise this purchase right within ten (10) days following such acceleration of the Obligations, then such contractual rights shall be irrevocably forfeited by the Equityholder, the Servicer and all Affiliates thereof, but nothing herein shall prevent the Equityholder, the Servicer or their respective Affiliates from bidding at any sale of such Collateral. 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Section 7.03 to the contrary, the Collateral Agent shall be under no duty or obligation to take any affirmative action to exercise or enforce any power, right or remedy available to it under this Agreement unless and to the extent expressly so directed by the Administrative Agent, the Required Lenders or the Majority Lenders, as applicable provided that the Collateral Agent shall not be required to take any action hereunder at the direction of the Administrative Agent or any Secured Party if such action would, in the reasonable determination of the Collateral Agent (x) be in violation of or contrary to applicable law or any provisions of this Agreement or other Facility Document or (y) expose the Collateral Agent to liability unless it has received reasonably satisfactory indemnity with respect thereto. 
 All sums paid or advanced by the Collateral Agent in connection with the foregoing and all out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including reasonable and documented attorneys fees and expenses) incurred in connection therewith, together with interest thereon at the Post-Default Rate from the date of payment until repaid in full, shall be paid by the Borrower to the Collateral Agent from time to time on demand in accordance with the Priority of Payments and shall constitute and become a part of the Obligations secured hereby. 
 SECTION 1.4. Remedies Cumulative . Each right, power, and remedy of the Agents and the other Secured Parties, or any of them, as provided for in this Agreement or in the other Facility Documents or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by statute or otherwise shall be cumulative and concurrent and shall be in addition to every other right, power, or remedy provided for in this Agreement or in the other Facility Documents or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by statute or otherwise, and the exercise or beginning of the exercise by either of the Agents or any other Secured Party of any one or more of such rights, powers, or remedies shall not preclude the simultaneous or later exercise by such Persons of any or all such other rights, powers, or remedies. 
 SECTION 1.5. Related Documents . (a) Each of the Borrower and the Servicer hereby agrees that, to the extent not expressly prohibited by the terms of the Related Documents, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, it shall (i) upon the written request of either Agent, promptly forward to such Person all material information and notices which it receives under or in connection with the Related Documents relating to the Collateral, (ii) upon the written request of the Administrative Agent, promptly forward to the Administrative Agent any reasonably requested information relating to any specified Collateral Loans and (iii) upon the written request of either Agent, act and refrain from acting in respect of any request, act, decision or vote under or in connection with the Related Documents relating to the Collateral only in accordance with the direction of the Administrative Agent (in its reasonable discretion). 
 (a) The Borrower agrees that, to the extent the same shall be in the Borrower s possession, it will hold all Related Documents relating to the Collateral in trust for the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties, and upon request of either Agent following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or as otherwise 
 -97- 

provided herein, promptly deliver the same to the Collateral Agent or its designee. In addition, in accordance with the Custodian Agreement, promptly (and in any event, within five (5) Business Days) following its acquisition of any Collateral Loan, the Borrower shall deliver to the Custodian, to the extent applicable, copies of the Related Documents. 
 SECTION 1.6. Borrower Remains Liable . (a) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Borrower shall remain liable under the contracts and agreements included in and relating to the Collateral (including the Related Documents) to the extent set forth therein, and shall perform all of its duties and obligations under such contracts and agreements to the same extent as if this Agreement had not been executed, and (ii) the exercise by any Secured Party of any of its rights hereunder shall not release the Borrower from any of its duties or obligations under any such contracts or agreements included in the Collateral. 
 (a) No obligation or liability of the Borrower is intended to be assumed by the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party under or as a result of this Agreement or the other Facility Documents, or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, including under any Related Document or any other agreement or document that relates to Collateral and, to the maximum extent permitted under provisions of Law, the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties expressly disclaim any such assumption. 
 SECTION 1.7. Protection of Collateral . The Borrower shall from time to time execute, deliver, file and or authorize the filing of all UCC-1 financing statements and continuation statements and the equivalent thereof in any applicable foreign jurisdiction, if applicable, instruments of further assurance and other instruments, and shall take such other action as may be necessary or advisable to secure the rights and remedies of the Secured Parties hereunder and to 
 (a) grant security more effectively on all or any portion of the Collateral 
 (b) maintain, preserve and perfect any grant of security made or to be made by this Agreement including the first priority nature of the Lien granted hereunder or to carry out more effectively the purposes hereof 
 (c) perfect, publish notice of or protect the validity of any grant made or to be made by this Agreement (including any and all actions necessary as a result of changes in Law) 
 (d) enforce any of the Collateral or other instruments or property included in the Collateral 
 (e) preserve and defend title to the Collateral and the rights therein of the Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties in the Collateral against the claims of all third parties and 
 (f) pay or cause to be paid any and all taxes levied or assessed upon all or any part of the Collateral. 
 The Borrower hereby designates the Collateral Agent as its agent and attorney in fact to prepare and file any UCC-1 financing statement and continuation statement and the equivalent thereof in any applicable foreign jurisdiction, if applicable, and all other instruments, and take all other actions, required pursuant to this Section 7.07 if the Borrower fails to take any such action within ten (10) Business Days after either Agent s request therefor. Such designation shall not impose upon the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party, or release or diminish, the Borrower s obligations under this Section 7.07. The Borrower 
 -98- 

further authorizes the Collateral Agent to file UCC-1 financing statements or the equivalent thereof in any foreign jurisdiction, if applicable, that name the Borrower as debtor and the Collateral Agent as secured party and that describes all assets in which the debtor now or hereafter has rights as the Collateral in which the Collateral Agent has a grant of security hereunder. 
 ARTICLE XIII ACCOUNTS, ACCOUNTINGS AND RELEASES 
 SECTION 1.1. Collection of Money . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Collateral Agent may demand payment or delivery of, and shall collect, directly and without intervention or assistance of any fiscal agent or other intermediary, all Money and other property payable to or receivable by the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement, including all payments due on the Collateral, in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Collateral. The Collateral Agent shall segregate and hold all such Money and property received by it in trust for the Secured Parties and shall apply it as provided in this Agreement. Each Covered Account shall be established and maintained under the Account Control Agreement with a Qualified Institution. Any Covered Account may contain any number of subaccounts for the convenience of the Collateral Agent or as required by the Servicer for convenience in administering the Covered Account or the Collateral. 
 SECTION 1.2. Collateral Account and Collection Account . (a) In accordance with this Agreement and the Account Control Agreement, the Borrower shall, on or prior to the Closing Date, establish at the Securities Intermediary (i) the Collateral Account , which shall be maintained with the Securities Intermediary in accordance with the Account Control Agreement and which shall be subject to the Lien of the Collateral Agent, and (ii) the Collection Account which shall be maintained with the Securities Intermediary in accordance with the Account Control Agreement, which shall be subject to the Lien of the Collateral Agent and which shall consist of two segregated subaccounts, one of which will be designated the Interest Collection Subaccount and one of which will be designated the Principal Collection Subaccount . The Collateral Agent shall from time to time deposit into the Interest Collection Subaccount, in addition to the deposits required pursuant to Section 8.06(a), promptly upon receipt thereof, all Interest Proceeds received by the Collateral Agent. The Collateral Agent shall deposit promptly upon receipt thereof all other amounts remitted to the Collection Account into the Principal Collection Subaccount including, in addition to the deposits required pursuant to Section 8.06(a), all Principal Proceeds (unless simultaneously reinvested in additional Collateral Loans in accordance with Article X or in Eligible Investments or required to be deposited in the Revolving Reserve Account pursuant to Section 8.04) received by the Collateral Agent. All Monies deposited from time to time in the Collection Account pursuant to this Agreement shall be held by the Collateral Agent as part of the Collateral and shall be applied to the purposes herein provided. Subject to Section 8.02(c), amounts in the Collection Account shall be reinvested pursuant to Section 8.06(a). Other than as expressly set forth herein, the Collateral Agent shall from time to time deposit into the Collateral Account any Collateral that is capable of being delivered to and held by the Securities Intermediary and credited to an account in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Account Control Agreement. 
 (a) At any time when reinvestment is permitted pursuant to Article X, the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower (subject to compliance with Article X) may, by delivery of a certificate or an email instruction of a Responsible Officer of the Servicer or a trade ticket, direct the Collateral Agent to, and upon receipt of such certificate, email or trade ticket, as applicable, the Collateral Agent shall, withdraw funds on deposit in the Principal Collection Subaccount representing Principal Proceeds (together with accrued interest 
 -99- 

received with regard to any Collateral Loan and Interest Proceeds but only to the extent used to pay for accrued interest on an additional Collateral Loan) and reinvest such funds in additional Collateral Loans or make a Permitted Distribution or Permitted RIC Distribution in accordance with such certificate, email or trade ticket. At any time as of which sufficient funds are not on deposit in the Revolving Reserve Account, the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower may, by delivery of a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Servicer, direct the Collateral Agent to, and upon receipt of such certificate the Collateral Agent shall, withdraw funds on deposit in the Principal Collection Subaccount representing Principal Proceeds and remit such funds as so directed by the Servicer to meet the Borrower s funding obligations in respect of Delayed Drawdown Collateral Loans or Revolving Collateral Loans. 
 (b) The Collateral Agent shall transfer to the Payment Account, from the Collection Account for application pursuant to Section 9.01(a), on the Business Day prior to each Payment Date, the amount set forth to be so transferred in the Payment Date Report for such Payment Date. 
 SECTION 1.3. Payment Account . In accordance with this Agreement and the Account Control Agreement, the Borrower shall, on or prior to the Closing Date, establish at the Securities Intermediary a single, segregated trust account in the name BGSL Breckenridge Funding LLC Payment Account, subject to the Lien of the Collateral Agent, which shall be designated as the Payment Account , which shall be maintained by the Borrower with the Securities Intermediary in accordance with the Account Control Agreement and which shall be subject to the Lien of the Collateral Agent. Except as provided in Section 9.01, the only permitted withdrawal from or application of funds on deposit in, or otherwise to the credit of, the Payment Account shall be to pay amounts due and payable under the Priority of Payments on the Payment Dates in accordance with their terms and the provisions of this Agreement. The Borrower shall not have any legal, equitable or beneficial interest in the Payment Account other than in accordance with this Agreement and the Priority of Payments. Amounts on deposit in the Payment Account will not be invested. 
 SECTION 1.4. The Revolving Reserve Account Fundings . In accordance with this Agreement and the Account Control Agreement, the Borrower shall, on or prior to the Closing Date, establish at the Securities Intermediary a single, segregated trust account in the name BGSL Breckenridge Funding LLC Revolving Reserve Account, subject to the Lien of the Collateral Agent, which shall be designated as the Revolving Reserve Account , which shall be maintained by the Borrower with the Securities Intermediary in accordance with the Account Control Agreement and which shall be subject to the Lien of the Collateral Agent. The only permitted deposits to or withdrawals from the Revolving Reserve Account shall be in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. The Borrower shall not have any legal, equitable or beneficial interest in the Revolving Reserve Account other than in accordance with this Agreement and the Priority of Payments. 
 During the Reinvestment Period, fundings of Delayed Drawdown Collateral Loans and Revolving Collateral Loans shall be made using, first, amounts on deposit in the Revolving Reserve Account, then available Principal Proceeds on deposit in the Collection Account and finally, available Advances. On the last day of the Reinvestment Period, to the extent the amount of funds on deposit in the Revolving Reserve Account are less than the Revolving Exposure, (x) the Borrower shall request a final Advance in an amount sufficient to fund the Revolving Reserve Account in an amount equal to the Revolving Exposure provided that after giving effect to such Advance, the aggregate principal amount of the Advances then outstanding shall not exceed the Maximum Available Amount, and or (y) the Borrower shall deposit other available funds into the Revolving Reserve Account in an amount sufficient to fund the Revolving Reserve Account in an amount equal to the Revolving Exposure. After the Commitment Termination Date, fundings of Delayed Drawdown Collateral Loans and Revolving 
 -100- 

Collateral Loans shall be made using, first, amounts on deposit in the Revolving Reserve Account, then available Principal Proceeds on deposit in the Collection Account. In addition, after the Commitment Termination Date, all Principal Proceeds received with respect to Revolving Collateral Loans shall be deposited into the Revolving Reserve Account to the extent such proceeds may be re-borrowed by the related Obligors. 
 Amounts on deposit in the Revolving Reserve Account will be invested in overnight funds that are Eligible Investments selected by the Servicer pursuant to Section 8.06 and earnings from all such investments will be deposited in the Interest Collection Subaccount as Interest Proceeds. Funds in the Revolving Reserve Account (other than earnings from Eligible Investments therein) will be available solely to cover drawdowns on the Delayed Drawdown Collateral Loans and Revolving Collateral Loans and settle purchases of Collateral Loans committed to be acquired by the Borrower prior to the end of the Reinvestment Period provided that, to the extent that the aggregate amount of funds on deposit therein at any time exceeds an amount equal to the Revolving Exposure, the Collateral Agent, at the direction of the Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf) shall remit such excess to the Principal Collection Subaccount. In addition, following the occurrence of an Event of Default, funds in the Revolving Reserve Account may be withdrawn by the Collateral Agent and deposited into the Principal Collection Subaccount pursuant to and at the direction of the Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 1.5. Reserved . 
 SECTION 1.6. Reinvestment of Funds in Covered Accounts Reports by Collateral Agent . (a) By delivery of a certificate of a Responsible Officer (which may be in the form of standing instructions), the Borrower (or the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower) shall at all times direct the Collateral Agent to, and, upon receipt of such certificate, the Collateral Agent shall, invest all funds on deposit in the Collection Account and the Revolving Reserve Account in Eligible Investments having stated maturities no later than the Business Day preceding the next Payment Date (or such shorter maturities expressly provided herein, including Section 8.04 above). If, prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Servicer shall not have given any such investment directions, such funds shall remain uninvested. After the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Collateral Agent shall invest and reinvest such Monies as fully as practicable in Specified Eligible Investments selected by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the definition of Specified Eligible Investment (and if no Specified Eligible Investment has been specified, such funds shall be invested in the Specified Eligible Investment selected by the Servicer or held uninvested if none has been selected). Except to the extent expressly provided otherwise herein, all interest, gain, loss and other income from such investments shall be deposited, credited or charged (as applicable) in and to the Interest Collection Subaccount. Absent its timely receipt of such instruction from the Servicer in accordance with the foregoing, the Collateral Agent shall not be under an obligation to invest (or pay interest on) funds held hereunder. The Collateral Agent shall in no way be liable for any insufficiency in a Covered Account resulting from any loss relating to any such investment. 
 (a) The Collateral Agent agrees to give the Borrower prompt notice if any Covered Account or any funds on deposit in any Covered Account, or otherwise to the credit of a Covered Account, shall become subject to any writ, order, judgment, warrant of attachment, execution or similar process. All Covered Accounts shall remain at all times with the Securities Intermediary. 
 (b) The Collateral Agent shall supply, in a timely fashion, to the Borrower and the Servicer any information regularly maintained by the Collateral Agent that the Borrower or the Servicer may from time to time reasonably request with respect to the Collateral, the Covered Accounts and the other Collateral and provide any other requested information reasonably available to the Collateral Agent and required to be provided by Section 8.07 or to 
 -101- 

permit the Servicer to perform its obligations hereunder or the Borrower s obligations hereunder that have been delegated to the Servicer. The Collateral Agent shall promptly forward to the Servicer copies of notices and other writings received by it from the Obligor of any Collateral Loan or from any Clearing Agency with respect to any Collateral Loan which notices or writings advise the holders of such Collateral Loan of any rights that the holders might have with respect thereto (including requests to vote with respect to amendments or waivers and notices of prepayments and redemptions) as well as all periodic financial reports received from such Obligor and Clearing Agency with respect to such Obligor. 
 SECTION 1.7. Accountings . 
 (a) Monthly . Not later than two (2) Business Days prior to the 20th calendar day of each calendar month, beginning with February 2019 (other than March, June, September and December in each year) (such date, the Monthly Reporting Date ), the Servicer shall compile and provide to the Agents and the Lenders, a monthly report for the prior calendar month (each, a Monthly Report in accordance with this Section 8.07. The Servicer shall compile and provide to the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent a loan data file (the Data File in the form of Exhibit H for the previous monthly period ending on the Monthly Report Determination Date (containing such information agreed upon by the Servicer, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent). The Servicer shall provide (or cause to be provided) the Data File to the Collateral Agent at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Monthly Reporting Date and, with respect to a Payment Date Report, at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Payment Date. The Collateral Agent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to review and, based solely on the Data File provided by the Borrower (or Servicer on its behalf), re-calculate the calculations in clauses (i) through (xvi) below made by the Servicer in any such Monthly Report or Payment Date Report, as applicable, for such calendar month, within two (2) Business Days of the receipt thereof and notify the Servicer and the Administrative Agent in the event of any discrepancy between the Collateral Agent s calculations and the Monthly Report and Payment Date Report. The Collateral Agent shall re-calculate pursuant to the preceding sentence (i) Aggregate Net Collateral Balance, (ii) Borrowing Base, (iii) Excess Concentration Amount, (iv) Maximum Available Amount, (v) Tranche A Borrowing Base, (vi) Tranche B Borrowing Base, (vii) Tranche C Borrowing Base, (viii) Tranche A OC Ratio, (ix) Tranche B OC Ratio, (x) Tranche C OC Ratio, (xi) each Tranche Minimum OC Coverage Test, (xii) each Coverage Test, (xiii) for any Payment Date Report, completion of Priority of Payments pursuant to Section 9.01(a), (xiv) balances for each of the Covered Accounts and (xv) such other calculations as may be mutually agreed upon by the Collateral Agent, the Servicer and the Administrative Agent. Upon receipt of such notice reporting and showing discrepancies, if any, from the Collateral Agent and in any event by no later than the Monthly Reporting Date, the Servicer shall compile and provide (or cause to be compiled and provided) to the Agents and the Lenders the Monthly Report. As used herein, the Monthly Report Determination Date with respect to any calendar month in which a Payment Date does not occur (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next Business Day) will be the last day of such calendar month. The Monthly Report for a calendar month shall contain the information with respect to the Collateral Loans and Eligible Investments included in the Collateral that is agreed to by the Servicer, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent from time to time, and shall be determined as of the Monthly Report Determination Date for such calendar month. 
 In addition, the Borrower shall provide (or cause to be provided) in each Monthly Report a statement setting forth in reasonable detail each amendment, modification or waiver under any Related Document for each Collateral Loan that constitutes a Material Modification 
 -102- 

that became effective since the immediately preceding Monthly Report (or, in respect of the first Monthly Report, from the Closing Date). 
 (b) Payment Date Accounting . The Borrower shall render (or cause to be rendered) an accounting (each, a Payment Date Report ), determined as of the close of business on each Determination Date preceding a Payment Date (such Determination Date, a Payment Date Report Determination Date ), and shall deliver such Payment Date Report to the Agents, the Servicer and each Lender not later than the second Business Day preceding the related Payment Date. The Payment Date Report shall contain the information that is agreed to by the Servicer, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent from time to time. 
 (c) Daily Accounting . For each Business Day, the Collateral Agent shall render to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent and the Servicer) a daily report of (i) all deposits to and withdrawals from the Covered Accounts for such Business Day and the outstanding balance of the Covered Accounts as of the end of such Business Day, (ii) all settled trades of securities for such Business Day, (iii) the Adjusted Principal Balance of each Collateral Loan as of the end of such Business Day, (iv) the OC Ratio as of the end of such Business Day, (v) the Borrower s compliance with the Concentration Limitations, (vi) the Loan Value of each Collateral Loan, (vii) the S&P rating and Moody s rating of each Collateral Loan and or the Obligor thereunder (if applicable), (viii) all principal and interest payments made or to be made on each Collateral Loan on such Business Day, (ix) the applicable interest rates, interest rate resets, interest accrual periods and libor floors, if any, of each Collateral Loan, (x) the portion of the Principal Balance of any Delayed Drawdown Collateral Loan that is unfunded, (xi) the amount of Interest Proceeds received from Collateral Loans and Eligible Investments, (xii) the Collateral Loans that are Defaulted Collateral Loans and (xiii) such other items as may be agreed upon from time to time by the Collateral Agent and the Borrower. Loan Value shall be determined in accordance with the definition herein and provided to the Collateral Agent. For purposes of calculating the Adjusted Principal Balance of each Collateral Loan, the Collateral Agent shall begin including each Collateral Loan in the report as of its trade date. 
 (d) Failure to Provide Accounting . If the Collateral Agent shall not have received any accounting provided for in this Section 8.07 on the first Business Day after the date on which such accounting is due to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Agent shall notify the Servicer who shall use reasonable efforts to obtain such accounting by the applicable Monthly Reporting Date or Payment Date, as applicable. The Collateral Agent shall in no event have any liability for the actions or omissions of the Servicer, the Borrower or any other Person, and shall have no liability for any inaccuracy or error in any duty performed by it that results from or is caused by inaccurate, untimely or incomplete information or data received by it from the Servicer, the Borrower or another Person (other than claims relating to the Collateral Agent s gross negligence or willful misconduct). 
 SECTION 1.8. Release of Collateral . (a) The Borrower may, by delivery of a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Servicer (with the written consent of the Administrative Agent if the Administrative Agent has notified the Collateral Agent in writing, following the occurrence of or during the continuation of an Event of Default, to only permit releases with the written consent of the Administrative Agent) delivered to the Collateral Agent and Custodian, as applicable, at least one (1) Business Day prior to the settlement date for any sale of any item of Collateral certifying that the sale of such loan is being made in accordance with Section 10.01 and such sale complies with all applicable requirements of Section 10.01, direct the Collateral Agent to release or cause to be released such item from the Lien of this Agreement and, upon receipt of such certificate, the Collateral Agent (or Custodian, as applicable) shall deliver any such item, if in physical form, duly endorsed to the broker or 
 -103- 

purchaser designated in such certificate or, if such item is a Clearing Corporation Security, cause an appropriate transfer thereof to be made, in each case against receipt of the sales price therefor as specified by the Servicer in such certificate provided that the Collateral Agent may deliver any such item in physical form for examination in accordance with street delivery custom. 
 (a) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Collateral Agent (or Custodian, as applicable) shall, upon the receipt of a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Servicer, deliver any Collateral in accordance with such certificate, and execute such documents or instruments as are delivered by or on behalf of the Borrower and reasonably necessary to release or cause to be released such security from the Lien of this Agreement, which is set for any mandatory call or redemption or payment in full to the appropriate paying agent on or before the date set for such call, redemption or payment, in each case against receipt of the call or redemption price or payment in full thereof. 
 (b) As provided in Section 8.02(a), the Collateral Agent shall deposit any proceeds received by it from the disposition of any Collateral in the applicable subaccount of the Collection Account, unless simultaneously applied to the purchase of additional Collateral Loans or Eligible Investments as permitted under and in accordance with the requirements of this Article VIII and Article X. 
 (c) The Collateral Agent shall, upon receipt of a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying that there are no Commitments outstanding and all Obligations of the Borrower hereunder and under the other Facility Documents have been satisfied, execute such documents or instruments as are delivered by or on behalf of the Borrower and reasonably necessary to release any remaining Collateral from the Lien of this Agreement. 
 (d) Any Collateral Loan or amounts that are released pursuant to Section 8.08(a) or (b) shall be automatically released from the Lien of this Agreement. 
 SECTION 1.9. Reports by Independent Accountants . (a) The Servicer will cause Protiviti Inc. or any other firm of nationally recognized independent public accountants (who may also render other services to the Servicer) consented to by the Administrative Agent (the Independent Accountants to furnish to the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Collateral Agent (i) on or prior to December, 2019 (the Initial AUP Report Date ), a report relating to one Monthly Report and one Payment Date Report (in each case, as selected by the Administrative Agent), each delivered prior to the Initial AUP Report Date, and (ii) on or prior to each one-year anniversary of the Initial AUP Report Date (each such anniversary, an AUP Report Date ), a report relating to one Monthly Report and one Payment Date Report (in each case, as selected by the Administrative Agent), each delivered during the twelve (12) months immediately preceding such AUP Report Date, in each case, to the effect that such accountants have applied certain agreed-upon procedures (a copy of which procedures are attached hereto as Exhibit F, it being understood that the Servicer and the Administrative Agent will provide an updated Exhibit F reflecting any further amendments to such Exhibit F prior to the issuance of the first such agreed-upon procedures report, a copy of which shall replace the then existing Exhibit F) to certain documents and records relating to the Collateral under any Facility Document, compare the information contained in selected Monthly Reports and Payment Date Reports (and all calculations therein) delivered during the period covered by such report with such documents and records and that no matters came to the attention of such accountants that caused them to believe that such servicing was not conducted in compliance with this Agreement, except for such exceptions as such accountants shall believe to be immaterial and such other exceptions as shall be set forth in such statement. 
 -104- 

(a) In the event the Independent Accountants appointed pursuant to clause (a) above require the Collateral Agent to agree to the procedures performed by such Independent Accountants with respect to any of the reports, statements or certificates of such Independent Accountants, or sign any agreement in connection therewith, Borrower hereby directs the Collateral Agent to agree to the terms and conditions requested by such Independent Accountants as a condition to receiving documentation required by this Agreement it being understood and agreed that the Collateral Agent shall deliver such agreement in conclusive reliance on the foregoing direction and shall make no inquiry or investigation as to, and shall have no obligation or responsibility in respect of, the terms of the engagement of such Independent Accountants by the Borrower or the sufficiency, validity or correctness of the agreed upon procedures in respect of such engagement. The Borrower hereby authorizes and directs the Collateral Agent, without liability on its part, to execute and deliver any such agreement with such Independent Accountants in the form presented to it by the Borrower (or the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower), which agreement, to the extent so directed by the Borrower (or the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower), may include, amongst other things, (i) an acknowledgement that the Borrower (or the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower) has agreed that the procedures by such Independent Accountants are sufficient for the relevant purposes, (ii) releases by the Collateral Agent of any claims, liabilities and expenses arising out of or relating to such Independent Accountant s engagement, agreed-upon procedures or any report, statement or certificate issued by such Independent Accountants under any such engagement and acknowledgement of other limitations of liability in favor of such Independent Accountants and (iii) restrictions or prohibitions on the disclosure of any such reports, statements, certificates or other information or documents provided to it by such Independent Accountants. 
 ARTICLE XIV APPLICATION OF MONIES 
 SECTION 1.1. Disbursements of Monies from Payment Account . (a) Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, but subject to the other subsections of this Section 9.01, on each Payment Date, the Collateral Agent shall disburse amounts transferred from the Collection Account to the Payment Account pursuant to Section 8.02 in accordance with the Payment Date Report and the following priorities (the Priority of Payments 
 (i) On each Payment Date prior to the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, Interest Proceeds on deposit in the Interest Collection Subaccount, to the extent received on or before the related Determination Date (or, if such Determination Date is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day) will be transferred into the Payment Account, to be applied in the following order of priority 
 (A) to pay registration, registered office and filing fees, if any, of the Borrower, subject to a cap of 15,000 per annum 
 (B) to pay Administrative Expenses provided that the amounts in this clause (B) shall not exceed the Administrative Expense Cap 
 (C) to each Lender, pro rata , based on amounts owed, to pay accrued and unpaid Interest on the Advances and Commitment Fees due to each such Lender and amounts payable to each such Lender under Section 2.11 
 -105- 

(D) to the Administrative Agent to pay all fees and expenses of the Administrative Agent under the Facility Documents 
 (E) (1) first , to the Servicer to pay the Servicer Fee, plus any Servicer Fee that remains due and unpaid in respect of any prior Payment Dates as a result of insufficient funds and (2) second , to pay Servicer Expenses provided that the amounts in this clause (2) shall not exceed the Servicer Expense Cap for such Payment Date 
 (F) (1) on the Payment Date occurring after the 12-month anniversary of the Commitment Termination Date, pro rata to the Lenders to reduce the outstanding principal amount to not more than 75 of the outstanding principal amount as of the Commitment Termination Date (calculated after giving effect to any paydown on such Payment Date pursuant to Section 9.01(a)(ii)) and (2) on the Payment Date occurring after the 18-month anniversary of the Commitment Termination Date, pro rata to the Lenders to reduce the outstanding principal amount to not more than 50 of the outstanding principal amount as of the Commitment Termination Date (calculated after giving effect to any paydown on such Payment Date pursuant to Section 9.01(a)(ii)) 
 (G) if the Coverage Tests are not satisfied as of the relevant Determination Date, to pay principal of the Advances of each Lender pro rata , based on each Lender s Percentage) until the Coverage Tests are satisfied (on a pro forma basis as at such Determination Date) provided that the Borrower shall be permitted to allocate such principal payments among the Tranches on each Payment Date so long as, after giving effect to such allocation of payments on such Payment Date, each Tranche s Tranche Minimum OC Coverage Test is satisfied provided , further , that, if the Borrower would be unable to cause each Tranche s Tranche Minimum OC Coverage Test to be satisfied on any Payment Date after allocating such payments, the Administrative Agent shall allocate such payments in its sole discretion 
 (H) (i) during the Reinvestment Period, at the discretion of the Servicer, for deposit into the Revolving Reserve Account until the amount on deposit therein equals the Revolving Exposure and (ii) after the Reinvestment Period, for deposit into the Revolving Reserve Account until the amount on deposit therein equals the Revolving Exposure 
 (I) to pay, on a pro rata basis, accrued and unpaid amounts owing to Affected Persons (if any) under Sections 2.10 and 13.04, all unpaid Commitment Reduction Fees and all other fees, expenses or indemnities owed to the Secured Parties or Indemnified Parties 
 (J) (1) first , to the payment or application of amounts referred to in clause (B) above (in the same order of priority specified therein), to the extent not paid in full pursuant to applications under such clause, (2) second , to the payment or application of amounts referred to in clause (D) above to the extent not paid in full pursuant to such clause, and (3) third , to the payment or application of amounts referred to in clause (E) above to the extent not paid in full pursuant to such clause and 
 (K) (1) if a Default has occurred and is continuing, to remain in the Interest Collection Subaccount (other than any Permitted RIC Distribution) or (2) otherwise, any remaining amount shall be released to the Equityholder or its 
 -106- 

designee (or, at the direction of the Servicer, deposited into the Principal Collection Subaccount for investment in Collateral Loans). 
 (ii) On each Payment Date prior to the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, except for any Principal Proceeds that will be used to settle binding commitments entered into prior to the related Determination Date for the purchase of Collateral Loans, Principal Proceeds on deposit in the Principal Collection Subaccount to the extent received on or before the related Determination Date (or, if such Determination Date is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day) will be transferred to the Payment Account to be applied in the following order of priority 
 (A) to the payment of unpaid amounts under clauses (A) through (E) in clause (i) above (in the same order of priority specified therein), to the extent not paid in full thereunder, but subject to any caps specified therein 
 (B) during the Special Amortization Period, to pay principal of the Advances of each Lender pro rata, based on the amount of each Lender s Commitment Excess) until the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Advances of each such Lender is no greater than such Lender s Commitment as of such date 
 (C) during the Reinvestment Period, (i) if the Coverage Tests are not satisfied as of the relevant Determination Date, to pay principal of the Advances of each Lender pro rata , based on each Lender s Percentage) until such Coverage Tests are satisfied (on a pro forma basis as at such Determination Date) and (ii) to the Principal Collection Subaccount for the purchase of additional Collateral Loans (including funding Revolving Collateral Loans and Delayed Drawdown Collateral Loans) and or for the making of any Permitted Distribution or Permitted RIC Distribution 
 (D) after the Reinvestment Period, to pay the Advances of each Lender pro rata , based on each Lender s Percentage) until the Advances are paid in full provided that the Borrower shall be permitted to allocate such principal payments among the Tranches on each Payment Date so long as, after giving effect to such allocation of payments on such Payment Date, each Tranche s Tranche Minimum OC Coverage Test is satisfied provided , further , that, if the Borrower would be unable to cause each Tranche s Tranche Minimum OC Coverage Test to be satisfied on any Payment Date after allocating such payments, the Administrative Agent shall allocate such payments in its sole discretion 
 (E) to the payment of amounts referred to in clauses (I) and (J) of clause (i) above (in the same order of priority specified therein), to the extent not paid in full thereunder and 
 (F) (1) if a Default has occurred and is continuing, to remain in the Principal Collection Subaccount (other than any Permitted RIC Distribution) or (2) otherwise, any remaining amount shall be released to the Equityholder or its designee (or, at the direction of the Servicer, deposited into the Principal Collection Subaccount for investment in Collateral Loans). 
 (iii) On each Payment Date following the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, all Interest Proceeds in the Interest Collection Subaccount and all Principal Proceeds in the Principal Collection Subaccount, except for any Principal Proceeds that will be used to settle binding commitments entered into prior to the related 
 -107- 

Determination Date for the purchase of Collateral Loans, in each case, to the extent received on or before the related Determination Date (or, if such Determination Date is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day) will be transferred to the Payment Account to be applied in the following order of priority 
 (A) to pay registration, registered office and filing fees, if any, of the Borrower, subject to a cap of 15,000 per annum 
 (B) (1) first , to pay Administrative Expenses as provided in Section 9.01(a)(i)(B) subject to the Administrative Expense Cap and (2) second , to the Administrative Agent to pay all fees and expenses of the Administrative Agent under the Facility Documents 
 (C) to each Lender, pro rata , based on amounts owed, to pay accrued and unpaid Interest on the Advances and Commitment Fees due to each such Lender and amounts payable to each such Lender under Section 2.11 
 (D) (1) first , to the Servicer to pay the Servicer Fee, plus any Servicer Fee that remains due and unpaid in respect of any prior Payment Dates as a result of insufficient funds and (2) second , to pay Servicer Expenses in accordance with the priorities specified in the definition thereof, provided that the amounts in this clause (D)(2) shall not exceed the Servicer Expense Cap 
 (E) to pay the principal of the Advances of each Lender pro rata , based on each Lender s Percentage) until paid in full provided that the Administrative Agent shall allocate such principal payments among the Tranches in its sole discretion 
 (F) to pay, on a pro rata basis, accrued and unpaid amounts owing to Affected Persons (if any) under Sections 2.10 and 13.04, all unpaid Commitment Reduction Fees and all other fees, expenses or indemnities owed to the Secured Parties or Indemnified Parties 
 (G) (1) first , to the payment of amounts referred to in clause (B) and (2) second , to the payment of amounts referred to in clause (D)(2) above, in each case to the extent not paid in full pursuant to such clause and 
 (H) any remaining amount shall be released to the Equityholder or its designee. 
 (a) If on any Payment Date the amount available in the Payment Account is insufficient to make the full amount of the disbursements required by the Payment Date Report, the Collateral Agent shall make the disbursements called for in the order and according to the priority set forth under Section 9.01(a) to the extent funds are available therefor. 
 -108- 

ARTICLE XV SALE OF COLLATERAL LOANS PURCHASE OF ADDITIONAL COLLATERAL LOANS 
 SECTION 1.1. Sales of Collateral Loans . 
 (a) Discretionary Sales of Collateral Loans . Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions specified in Section 10.03, the Borrower (or the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower) may, but will not be required to, direct the Collateral Agent to sell, and the Collateral Agent shall sell in the manner directed by the Servicer, any Collateral Loan if such sale meets the requirements set forth below (as shown in the Borrowing Base Calculation Statement delivered with respect thereto in accordance with Section 5.02(d)(iii)) 
 (i) no Default or Event of Default exists or would result upon giving effect thereto provided that the Borrower (or the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower) may sell one or more Collateral Loans if after giving effect thereto and the application of the proceeds thereof any existing Default or Event of Default would be cured 
 (ii) upon giving effect thereto and the application of the proceeds thereof, the Minimum OC Coverage Test is satisfied 
 (iii) such sale is not to the Equityholder, the Servicer or a Person that is an Affiliate of the Borrower, the Equityholder or the Servicer unless it complies with Section 5.03(h) and Section 10.03 and 
 (iv) if the sale is after the Reinvestment Period, after giving effect to such sale or disposition, the OC Ratio would not (A) be decreased and (b) be less than 125 without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent 
 provided that the restriction in clause (iii) above in this Section 10.01(a) shall not apply to sales of Defaulted Collateral Loans or Ineligible Collateral Loans. 
 Notwithstanding anything above that would otherwise prohibit the sale of a Collateral Loan after the occurrence or during the continuance of a Default or an Event of Default, if the Borrower entered into an agreement to sell any such Collateral prior to the occurrence of such Default or an Event of Default, but such sale did not settle prior to the occurrence of such Default or an Event of Default, then the Borrower shall be permitted to consummate such sale notwithstanding the occurrence of such Default or an Event of Default provided that the settlement for such sale occurs within the customary settlement period for similar trades. 
 (b) Ineligible Collateral Loans. Notwithstanding Section 10.01(a), if on any day a Collateral Loan is no longer an Eligible Collateral Loan, the Borrower shall either make a deposit of the funds and or deliver one or more replacement Collateral Loans for such ineligible Collateral Loan, in each case pursuant to the Loan Sale Agreement and in accordance with Section 10.03. Upon confirmation of the deposit of the amount described above into the Collection Account or the delivery to the Borrower of the replacement Collateral Loans, such ineligible Collateral Loan shall be removed from the Collateral and the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall automatically and without further action be deemed to release to the Borrower, without recourse, representation or warranty, all the right, title and interest and any Lien of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties in, to and under such ineligible Collateral Loan. 
 -109- 

(c) Sales of Equity Securities . The Borrower (or the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower) may sell any Equity Security at any time without restriction, and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to effect the sale of any Equity Security, regardless of price, within forty-five (45) days of receipt if such Equity Security constitutes Margin Stock, unless such sale is prohibited by Applicable Law or contract, in which case such Equity Security should be sold as soon as such sale is permitted by Applicable Law or contract. 
 SECTION 1.2. Purchase of Additional Collateral Loans . (a) On any date during the Reinvestment Period, if no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Special Amortization Period is not then in effect, the Borrower (or the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower) may, if each of the conditions specified in this Section 10.02 and Section 10.04 are met, invest Principal Proceeds (and accrued interest received with respect to any Collateral Loan to the extent used to pay for accrued interest on additional Collateral Loans and other amounts on deposit in the Principal Collection Subaccount) in additional Collateral Loans on the current Approved List or subject to an Approval Request provided that no Collateral Loan may be purchased unless each of the following conditions are satisfied as of the date the Servicer commits on behalf of the Borrower to make such purchase and after giving effect to such purchase and all other sales or purchases previously or simultaneously committed to 
 (i) the Borrower shall have delivered and the Administrative Agent shall have approved an Approval Request with respect to the Collateral Loan pursuant to the terms of Section 2.02 
 (ii) such obligation is an Eligible Collateral Loan and 
 (iii) each Coverage Test is satisfied (or, if not satisfied immediately prior to such investment, compliance with such Coverage Test is maintained or improved). 
 SECTION 1.3. Conditions Applicable to All Sale and Purchase Transactions . (a) Any transaction effected under this Article X (other than sales required by Section 10.01(c)) or in connection with the acquisition of additional Collateral Loans shall be for fair market value and, if effected with a Person that is the Equityholder or an Affiliate thereof, shall be (i) in compliance with Section 5.03(h), (ii) effected in accordance with all Applicable Laws, (iii) during the 12-month period most recently ended prior to the relevant date of determination (or such lesser number of months as shall have elapsed since the Closing Date), and after giving pro forma effect to such transaction, the value of Collateral Loans substituted or sold by the Borrower to Affiliates of the Servicer may not exceed 20 of the highest Aggregate Principal Balance of Collateral Loans of the Borrower during such 12-month period (or such higher percentage as agreed to by the Administrative Agent), and (iv) during the 12-month period most recently ended prior to the relevant date of determination (or such lesser number of months as shall have elapsed since the Closing Date), and after giving pro forma effect to such transaction, the value of Defaulted Collateral Loans substituted or sold by the Borrower to Affiliates of the Servicer may not exceed 10 of the highest Aggregate Principal Balance of Collateral Loans of the Borrower during such 12-month period. 
 (a) Upon each acquisition by the Borrower of a Collateral Loan (i) all of the Borrower s right, title and interest to such Collateral Loan shall be subject to the Lien granted to the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement and (ii) such Collateral Loan shall be Delivered to the Collateral Agent. 
 SECTION 1.4. Additional Equity Contributions . (a) The Equityholder may, but shall have no obligation to, at any time or from time to time make a capital contribution to the Borrower for any purpose, including for the purpose of curing any Default, satisfying any Coverage Test, enabling the acquisition or sale of any Collateral Loan or satisfying any 
 -110- 

conditions under Section 3.02. Each contribution shall either be made (a) in Cash (in which event such contributions shall be made by deposit into the Collection Account), (b) by assignment and contribution of an Eligible Investment and or (c) by assignment of a Collateral Loan that is an Eligible Collateral Loan. In connection with any contribution described in this Section 10.04, the Servicer shall provide written instruction to the Collateral Agent identifying (a) the subclause under which such contribution is being made (the Contribution Notice and (b)(i) in the case of contributions made in Cash, (A) the timing of such contribution and (B) the amount of such contribution and (ii) in the case of contributions made by assignment and contribution of an Eligible Investment and or by assignment of a Collateral Loan that is an Eligible Collateral Loan, (A) the name of such Eligible Investment and or Collateral Loan and (B) attaching the accompanying assignment forms. All Cash contributed to the Borrower shall be treated as Principal Proceeds, except to the extent that the Servicer specifies in the Contribution Notice that such Cash shall constitute Interest Proceeds and shall be deposited into a Collection Account in accordance with Section 8.02 as designated by the Servicer. 
 ARTICLE XVI ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICING OF CONTRACTS 
 SECTION 1.1. Appointment and Designation of the Servicer . 
 (a) Initial Servicer . The Borrower hereby appoints Blackstone GSO Secured Lending Fund, pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as Servicer, with the authority to service, administer and exercise rights and remedies, on behalf of the Borrower, in respect of the Collateral. Blackstone GSO Secured Lending Fund hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the duties and responsibilities of the Servicer pursuant to the terms hereof. The Servicer and the Borrower hereby acknowledge that the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties are third party beneficiaries of the obligations undertaken by the Servicer hereunder. 
 (b) Servicer Removal Notice . The Borrower, the Servicer, each Lender and the Administrative Agent hereby agree that, upon the occurrence of a Servicer Removal Event, the Administrative Agent may provide a removal notice to the Servicer (with a copy to the Collateral Agent) (a Servicer Removal Notice and terminate all of the rights, obligations, power and authority of the Servicer under this Agreement. On and after the receipt by the Servicer of a Servicer Removal Notice pursuant to this Section 11.01(b), the Servicer shall continue to perform all servicing functions under this Agreement until the date specified in the Servicer Removal Notice or otherwise specified by the Administrative Agent in writing or, if no such date is specified in such Servicer Removal Notice or otherwise specified by the Administrative Agent, until a date mutually agreed upon by the Servicer and the Administrative Agent and shall be entitled to receive the Servicer Fee therefor accrued until such date. After such date, the Servicer agrees that it will terminate its activities as Servicer hereunder in a manner that the Administrative Agent believes will facilitate the transition of the performance of such activities to the Replacement Servicer, and except as provided herein the Replacement Servicer shall assume each and all of the Servicer s obligations to service and administer the Collateral, on the terms and subject to the conditions herein set forth, and the Servicer shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to assist the Replacement Servicer in assuming such obligations. 
 (c) Appointment of Replacement Servicer . At any time following the delivery of a Servicer Removal Notice, the Administrative Agent may appoint a successor servicer (the Replacement Servicer ), which appointment shall take effect upon the Replacement Servicer accepting such appointment by a written assumption in a form 
 -111- 

satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. Upon the appointment of a Replacement Servicer, the initial Servicer shall have no liability with respect to any action performed by the Replacement Servicer on or after the date that the Replacement Servicer assumes the servicing duties of the Servicer. 
 (d) Liabilities and Obligations of Replacement Servicer . Upon its appointment, the Replacement Servicer shall be the successor in all respects to the Servicer with respect to servicing functions under this Agreement and shall be subject to all the responsibilities, duties and liabilities relating thereto placed on the Servicer by the terms and provisions hereof, and all references in this Agreement to the Servicer shall be deemed to refer to the Replacement Servicer provided that the Replacement Servicer shall have (i) no liability with respect to any action performed by the terminated Servicer prior to the date that the Replacement Servicer becomes the successor to the Servicer or any claim of a third party based on any alleged action or inaction of the terminated Servicer, (ii) no obligation to perform any advancing or any repurchase obligations, if any, of the Servicer unless it elects to in its sole discretion, (iii) no obligation to pay any Taxes required to be paid by the Servicer provided that the Replacement Servicer shall pay any income Taxes for which it is liable), (iv) no obligation to pay any of the fees and expenses of any other party to the transactions contemplated hereby, and (v) no liability or obligation with respect to any Servicer indemnification obligations of any prior Servicer, including the original Servicer. The indemnification obligations of the Replacement Servicer, upon becoming a Replacement Servicer, are expressly limited to those arising on account of its failure to act in good faith and with reasonable care under the circumstances. In addition, the Replacement Servicer shall have no liability relating to the representations and warranties of the Servicer contained in Section 4.02. Any other provision in this Agreement notwithstanding, if a Replacement Servicer is appointed, it shall perform its obligations hereunder in good faith and with reasonable care, exercising a degree of skill and attention no less than what it exercises to service similar assets for itself and for others, such standard of care to be the Servicing Standard applicable to it. 
 (e) Subcontracts . The Servicer may, without the consent of any party but with prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, subcontract with any other Person for servicing, administering or collecting the Collateral provided that (i) the Servicer shall select any such Person with reasonable care and shall be solely responsible for the fees and expenses payable to any such Person, (ii) the Servicer shall not be relieved of, and shall remain liable for, the performance of the duties and obligations of the Servicer pursuant to the terms hereof without regard to any subcontracting arrangement and (iii) any such subcontract shall be terminable upon the occurrence of a Servicer Removal Event. 
 SECTION 1.2. Duties of the Servicer . 
 (a) Duties . The Servicer shall take or cause to be taken all such actions as may be necessary or advisable to service, administer and collect on the Collateral from time to time, all in accordance with Applicable Law and the Servicing Standard. Prior to the delivery of a Servicer Removal Notice, but subject to the terms of this Agreement (including Section 11.04 and Article VI), the Servicer has the sole and exclusive authority to make any and all decisions with respect to the Collateral and take or refrain from taking any and all actions with respect to the Collateral. Without limiting the foregoing, the duties of the Servicer shall include the following 
 (i) supervising the Collateral, including communicating with Obligors, executing amendments, providing consents and waivers, exercising voting rights, enforcing and collecting on the Collateral and otherwise managing the Collateral on behalf of the Borrower 
 -112- 

(ii) maintaining all necessary servicing records with respect to the Collateral and providing such reports to the Administrative Agent and each Lender (with a copy to the Collateral Agent and the Custodian) in respect of the servicing of the Collateral (including information relating to its performance under this Agreement) as may be required hereunder or as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request and which can be obtained without any undue burden or expense 
 (iii) maintaining and implementing administrative and operating procedures (including an ability to recreate servicing records evidencing the Collateral in the event of the destruction of the originals thereof) and keeping and maintaining all documents, books, records and other information reasonably necessary or advisable for the collection of the Collateral 
 (iv) promptly delivering to the Administrative Agent, each Lender, the Collateral Agent or the Custodian, from time to time, such information and servicing records (including information relating to its performance under this Agreement) as the Administrative Agent, each Lender, Custodian or the Collateral Agent may from time to time reasonably request and which can be obtained without any undue burden or expense 
 (v) identifying each Collateral Loan in its internal servicing records to reflect the ownership of such Collateral Loan by the Borrower 
 (vi) notifying the Administrative Agent and each Lender of any material action, suit, proceeding, dispute, offset, deduction, defense or counterclaim (A) that is or is threatened to be asserted by an Obligor with respect to any Loan (or portion thereof) of which it has actual knowledge or has received notice or (B) that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (vii) maintaining the perfected security interest of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in the Collateral 
 (viii) directing the Collateral Agent to make payments pursuant to the terms of the Payment Date Report 
 (ix) assisting the Borrower with respect to the purchase and sale of and payment for the Collateral Loans and Eligible Investments 
 (x) instructing the Obligors and the administrative agents on the Collateral Loans to make payments directly into the Collection Account established and maintained with the Collateral Agent 
 (xi) delivering assignments and promissory notes to the Custodian 
 (xii) complying with such other duties and responsibilities as may be required of the Servicer by this Agreement and 
 (xiii) assisting in the acquisition and sale of Collateral Loans and other Collateral in accordance with Article X and the Servicing Standard. 
 It is acknowledged and agreed that in circumstances in which a Person other than the Borrower or the Servicer acts as lead agent with respect to any Collateral Loan, the Servicer shall perform its servicing duties hereunder only to the extent a lender under the applicable Related Documents has the right to do so. 
 -113- 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the exercise by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties of their rights hereunder shall not release the Servicer (unless replaced by a Replacement Servicer) or the Borrower from any of their duties or responsibilities with respect to the Collateral. The Secured Parties, the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Collateral Agent shall not have any obligation or liability with respect to any Collateral, nor shall any of them be obligated to perform any of the obligations of the Servicer hereunder, unless one of them becomes a Replacement Servicer hereunder. 
 (c) Any payment by an Obligor in respect of any indebtedness owed by it to the Borrower shall, except as otherwise specified by such Obligor or otherwise required by contract or law and unless otherwise instructed by the Administrative Agent, be applied as a collection of a payment by such Obligor (starting with the oldest such outstanding payment due, provided such obligation is not on non-accrual) to the extent of any amounts then due and payable thereunder before being applied to any other receivable or other obligation of such Obligor. 
 (d) The Servicer agrees to supervise and assist in the investment and reinvestment of the Collateral, and shall perform on behalf of the Borrower the duties that have been expressly delegated to the Servicer in this Agreement and any other Facility Document (and the Servicer shall have no obligation to perform any other duties hereunder or otherwise) and, to the extent necessary or appropriate to perform such duties, the Servicer shall have the power to execute and deliver all necessary and appropriate documents and instruments on behalf of the Borrower with respect thereto. The Servicer shall comply with the terms and conditions hereof and any other Facility Document expressly applicable to it, in its capacity as the Servicer, or otherwise affecting the duties and functions that have been delegated to it thereunder and hereunder as the Servicer and shall perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder in good faith and with reasonable care, using a degree of skill and attention no less than the Servicer and its Affiliates exercises with respect to comparable assets that it services for itself and for others having similar investment objectives and restrictions substantially in accordance with its existing practices and procedures relating to assets of the nature and character of the Collateral Loans (such standard of care, the Servicing Standard ). 
 SECTION 1.3. Authorization of the Servicer . (a) Each of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each Lender hereby authorizes the Servicer (including any successor thereto) to take any and all reasonable steps in its name and on its behalf necessary or desirable in the determination of the Servicer and not inconsistent with the grant by the Borrower to the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties hereunder, to collect all amounts due under any and all Collateral, including, endorsing any of their names on checks and other instruments representing Collections, executing and delivering any and all instruments of satisfaction or cancellation, or of partial or full release or discharge, and all other comparable instruments, with respect to the Collateral and, after the delinquency of any Collateral and to the extent permitted under and in compliance with Applicable Law, to commence proceedings with respect to enforcing payment thereof. The Borrower and the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties shall furnish the Servicer (and any successors thereto) with any powers of attorney and other documents reasonably necessary or appropriate to enable the Servicer to carry out its servicing and administrative duties hereunder. In case any reasonable question arises as to its duties hereunder, the Collateral Agent may request instructions from the Administrative Agent and shall be entitled at all times to refrain from taking any actions unless it has received instruction from the Administrative Agent. In no event shall the Servicer be entitled to make any Secured Party a party to any litigation without such party s express prior written consent, or to make the Borrower a party to any litigation (other than any routine foreclosure or similar collection procedure) without the Administrative Agent s consent. 
 -114- 

(a) The Administrative Agent may, at any time that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, notify any Obligor with respect to any Collateral of the assignment of such Collateral to the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties and direct that payments of all amounts due or to become due be made directly to the Administrative Agent or any servicer, collection agent or account designated by the Administrative Agent and, upon such notification and at the expense of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent may enforce collection of any such Collateral, and adjust, settle or compromise the amount or payment thereof. 
 SECTION 1.4. Collection Efforts, Modification of Collateral . (a) The Servicer will use commercially reasonable efforts to collect, or cause to be collected, all payments called for under the terms and provisions of the Collateral Loans included in the Collateral as and when the same become due, all in accordance with the Servicing Standard. 
 (a) In the performance of its obligations hereunder, the Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf) may enter into any amendment or waiver of or supplement to any Related Document provided that the prior written consent of the Required Lenders shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or an Event of Default or Default would result from such amendment, waiver or supplement. For the avoidance of doubt, any Collateral Loan that, as a result of any amendment or supplement thereto, ceases to qualify as an Eligible Collateral Loan shall not be included in the Borrowing Base. 
 SECTION 1.5. Servicer Compensation . As compensation for its activities hereunder and reimbursement for its expenses, the Servicer shall be entitled to be paid the Servicer Fee and reimbursed its expenses as provided in the Priority of Payments. 
 SECTION 1.6. The Servicer Not to Resign . The Servicer shall not resign from the obligations and duties hereby imposed on it except upon the Servicer s determination that (a) the performance of its duties hereunder is or becomes impermissible under Applicable Law and (b) there is no reasonable action that the Servicer could take to make the performance of its duties hereunder permissible under Applicable Law. Any such determination permitting the resignation of the Servicer shall be evidenced as to clause (a) above by an opinion of counsel to such effect delivered to the Administrative Agent and each Lender. No such resignation shall become effective until a Replacement Servicer shall have assumed the responsibilities and obligations of the Servicer in accordance with Section 11.01(c). 
 ARTICLE XVII THE AGENTS 
 SECTION 1.1. Authorization and Action . (a) Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and, to the extent applicable, the other Facility Documents as are delegated to such Agent by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, subject to the terms hereof. No Agent shall have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein or in the other Facility Documents to which it is a party or any fiduciary relationship with any Secured Party and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties or obligations or liabilities on the part of such Agent shall be read into this Agreement or any other Facility Document to which such Agent is a party (if any) as duties on its part to be performed or observed. No Agent shall have or be construed to have any other duties or responsibilities in respect of this Agreement or any other Facility Document and the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. As to any matters not expressly provided for by this Agreement or the other 
 -115- 

Facility Documents, no Agent shall be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the written instructions of the Majority Lenders (or, with respect to the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent) provided that such Agent shall not be required to take any action which exposes such Agent, in its judgment, to personal liability, cost or expense or which is contrary to this Agreement, the other Facility Documents or Applicable Law, or would be, in its judgment, contrary to its duties hereunder, under any other Facility Document or under Applicable Law. Each Lender agrees that in any instance in which the Facility Documents provide that an Agent s consent may not be unreasonably withheld, provide for the exercise of such Agent s reasonable discretion, or provide to a similar effect, it shall not in its instructions (or by refusing to provide instruction) to such Agent withhold its consent or exercise its discretion in an unreasonable manner. 
 (a) If the Collateral Agent has been requested or directed by the Majority Lenders or the Required Lenders, as applicable, (or by the Administrative Agent acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders or the Required Lenders) to take any action pursuant to any provision of this Agreement or any other Facility Document, the Collateral Agent shall not be under any obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Agreement or such Facility Document in the manner so requested unless it shall have been provided indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities which may be incurred by it in compliance with or in performing such request or direction. No provision of this Agreement or any other Facility Document shall otherwise be construed to require the Collateral Agent to expend or risk its own funds or to take any action that could in its judgment cause it to incur any cost, expenses or liability, unless it is provided indemnity acceptable to it against any such expenditure, risk, costs, expense or liability. For the avoidance of doubt, the Collateral Agent shall not have any duty or obligation to take any action to exercise or enforce any power, right or remedy available to it under this Agreement or any other Facility Document or any Related Document unless and until directed by the Majority Lenders or the Required Lenders, as applicable (or the Administrative Agent on their behalf). 
 (b) Neither the Collateral Agent nor any officer, agent or representative thereof shall be personally liable for any action taken by any such Person in accordance with any notice given by the Majority Lenders or the Required Lenders, as applicable, (or by the Administrative Agent acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders or the Required Lenders) pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other Facility Document even if, at the time such action is taken by any such Person, the Majority Lenders or the Required Lenders, as applicable, or Persons purporting to be the Majority Lenders or the Required Lenders, as applicable, are not entitled to give such notice, except where the Responsible Officer of the Collateral Agent has actual knowledge (without any duty of inquiry or investigation on its part) that the Majority Lenders or the Required Lenders, as applicable, or Persons purporting to be the Majority Lenders or the Required Lenders, as applicable, are not entitled to give such notice. If any dispute or disagreement shall arise as to the allocation of any sum of money received by the Collateral Agent hereunder or under any Facility Document, the Collateral Agent shall have the right to deliver such sum to a court of competent jurisdiction and therein commence an action for interpleader. 
 (c) If in performing its duties under this Agreement, the Collateral Agent is required to decide between alternative courses of action, it may request written instructions from the Administrative Agent as to the course of action desired by it. If the Collateral Agent does not receive such instructions within five (5) Business Days after it has requested them, the Collateral Agent may, but shall be under no duty to, take or refrain from taking any such courses of action. The Collateral Agent shall act in accordance with instructions 
 -116- 

received after such five (5) Business Day period except to the extent it has already, in good faith, taken or committed itself to take, action inconsistent with such instructions. 
 SECTION 1.2. Delegation of Duties . Each Agent may execute any of its duties under this Agreement and each other Facility Document by or through agents or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. No Agent shall be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by it with reasonable care other than any Affiliates of such Agent. 
 SECTION 1.3. Agents Reliance, Etc. (a) Neither Agent nor any of their respective directors, officers, agents or employees shall be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it or them under or in connection with this Agreement or any of the other Facility Documents, except for its or their own gross negligence or willful misconduct. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Agent (i) may consult with legal counsel (including counsel for the Borrower or the Servicer or any of their Affiliates) and independent public accountants and other experts selected by it and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts (ii) makes no warranty or representation to any Secured Party or any other Person and shall not be responsible to any Secured Party or any Person for any statements, warranties or representations (whether written or oral) made in or in connection with this Agreement or the other Facility Documents (iii) shall not have any duty to monitor, ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement, the other Facility Documents or any Related Document on the part of the Borrower, the Servicer or any other Person or to inspect the property (including the books and records) of the Borrower or the Servicer (iv) shall not be responsible to any Secured Party or any other Person for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability, perfection, genuineness, sufficiency or value of any Collateral (or the validity, perfection, priority or enforceability of the Liens on the Collateral), this Agreement, the other Facility Documents, any Related Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto or thereto and (v) shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Facility Document by relying on, acting upon (or by refraining from action in reliance on) any notice, consent, certificate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Borrowing Base Calculation Statement), instruction or waiver, report, statement, opinion, direction or other instrument or writing (which may be delivered by telecopier, email, cable or telex, if acceptable to it) reasonably believed by it to be genuine and believed by it to be signed or sent by the proper party or parties. No Agent shall have any liability to the Borrower or any Lender or any other Person for the Borrower s, the Servicer s, any Lender s or any other Person s, as the case may be, performance of, or failure to perform, any of their respective obligations and duties under this Agreement or any other Facility Document. 
 (a) No Agent shall be liable for the actions or omissions of any other Agent (including concerning the application of funds), or under any duty to monitor or investigate compliance on the part of any other Agent with the terms or requirements of this Agreement, any Facility Document or any Related Document, or their duties hereunder or thereunder. Each Agent shall be entitled to assume the due authority of any signatory and genuineness of any signature appearing on any instrument or document it may receive (including each Notice of Borrowing received hereunder) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. No Agent shall be liable for any action taken in good faith and reasonably believed by it to be within the powers conferred upon it, or taken by it pursuant to any direction or instruction by which it is governed, or omitted to be taken by it by reason of the lack of direction or instruction required hereby for such action (including for refusing to exercise discretion or for withholding its consent in the absence of its receipt of, or resulting from a failure, delay or refusal on the part of the Required Lenders to provide, written instruction to exercise such discretion or grant such consent from the Required Lenders, as applicable). No Agent shall be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith unless it 
 -117- 

shall be proven by a court of competent jurisdiction that such Agent was grossly negligent in ascertaining the relevant facts. Nothing herein or in any Facility Document or Related Document shall obligate any Agent to advance, expend or risk its own funds, or to take any action which in its reasonable judgment may cause it to incur any expense or financial or other liability for which it is not adequately indemnified. No Agent shall be liable for any indirect, special, punitive or consequential damages (including lost profits) whatsoever, even if it has been informed of the likelihood thereof and regardless of the form of action. No Agent shall be charged with knowledge or notice of any matter unless actually known to a Responsible Officer of such Agent, or unless and to the extent written notice of such matter is received by such Agent at its address in accordance with Section 13.02. Any permissive grant of power to an Agent hereunder shall not be construed to be a duty to act. Each Agent shall have only the duties and responsibilities as are specifically set forth in this Agreement and no covenants or obligations shall be implied in this Agreement against any Agent. Before acting hereunder, an Agent shall be entitled to request, receive and rely upon such certificates and opinions as it may reasonably determine appropriate with respect to the satisfaction of any specified circumstances or conditions precedent to such action. Neither Agent shall be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, entitlement order, approval or other paper or document. Neither Agent shall be liable for any error of judgment, or for any act done or step taken or omitted by it, in good faith, or for any mistakes of fact or law, or for anything that it may do or refrain from doing in connection herewith, except in the case of its willful misconduct or grossly negligent performance or omission of its duties. 
 (b) No Agent shall be responsible or liable for delays or failures in performance resulting from acts beyond its control. Such acts shall include acts of God, strikes, lockouts, riots, acts of war, epidemics, governmental regulations imposed after the fact, fire, communication line failures, computer viruses, power failures, loss or malfunction of utilities, communications or computers (software and hardware) services, earthquakes or other disasters. 
 (c) The delivery of reports and other documents and information to the Collateral Agent hereunder or under any other Facility Document is for informational purposes only and the Collateral Agent s receipt of such documents and information shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein. The Collateral Agent is hereby authorized and directed to execute and deliver the other Facility Documents to which it is a party. Whether or not expressly stated in such Facility Documents, in performing (or refraining from acting) thereunder, the Collateral Agent shall have all of the rights, benefits, protections and indemnities which are afforded to it in this Agreement. 
 (d) Each Lender acknowledges that, except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, neither Agent has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by either Agent hereafter taken, including any consent and acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs of the Borrower, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by such Agent to any Secured Party as to any matter. Each Lender represents to each Agent that it has, independently and without reliance upon such Agent and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of and investigation into the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Borrower and the Servicer, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Facility Documents to which it is a party. Each Lender also represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon either Agent or any other Secured Party and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this 
 -118- 

Agreement and the Facility Documents, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Borrower and the Servicer. Neither Agent shall have any duty or responsibility to provide any Secured Party with any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial or other condition or creditworthiness of the Borrower or Servicer which may come into the possession of such Agent. 
 SECTION 1.4. Indemnification . Each of the Lenders agrees to indemnify and hold the Agents harmless (to the extent not reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to Section 13.04 or otherwise) from and against any and all Liabilities which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against the Agents in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any other Facility Document or any Related Document or any action taken or omitted by the Agents under this Agreement or any other Facility Document or any Related Document provided that no Lender shall be liable to any Agent for any portion of such Liabilities resulting from such Agent s gross negligence or willful misconduct and provided , further , that no Lender shall be liable to the Collateral Agent for any portion of such Liabilities unless such Liabilities are imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against the Collateral Agent as a result of any action taken, or not taken, by the Collateral Agent by the express terms of this Agreement or at the direction of the Administrative Agent or such Lender or Lenders, as the case may be, in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement (it being understood and agreed that the Collateral Agent shall be under no obligation to exercise or to honor any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Agreement at the request or direction of the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders (or other Persons authorized or permitted under the terms hereof to make such request or give such direction) pursuant to this Agreement or any of the other Facility Document, unless the Administrative Agent or such Lenders shall have provided to the Collateral Agent security or indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses (including reasonable and documented attorney s fees and expenses) and Liabilities which might reasonably be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction, whether such indemnity is provided under this Section 12.04 or otherwise). The rights of the Agents and obligations of the Lenders under or pursuant to this Section 12.04 shall survive the termination of this Agreement, and the earlier removal or resignation of any Agent hereunder. 
 SECTION 1.5. Successor Agents . (a) Subject to the terms of this Section 12.05, each Agent may, upon thirty (30) days notice to the Lenders and the Borrower, resign as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable. If an Agent shall resign, then the Required Lenders shall appoint a successor agent. If for any reason a successor agent is not so appointed and does not accept such appointment within thirty (30) days of notice of resignation, such Agent may appoint a successor agent. The appointment of any successor Agent shall be subject to the prior written consent of the Borrower (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) provided that the consent of the Borrower to any such appointment shall not be required if (i) a Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing or (ii) if such successor agent is a Lender or an Affiliate of such Agent or any Lender. Any resignation of an Agent shall be effective upon the appointment of a successor agent pursuant to this Section 12.05. After the effectiveness of any retiring Agent s resignation hereunder as Agent, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Facility Documents and the provisions of this Article XII shall continue in effect for its benefit with respect to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Agent under this Agreement and under the other Facility Documents. If no successor Collateral Agent shall have been appointed and an instrument of acceptance by a successor Collateral Agent shall not have been delivered to the Collateral Agent within sixty days after giving of notice of resignation by the Collateral Agent, the resigning Collateral Agent may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Collateral Agent. 
 -119- 

(a) Any Person (i) into which the Collateral Agent may be merged or consolidated, (ii) that may result from any merger or consolidation to which the Collateral Agent shall be a party, or (iii) that may succeed to the corporate trust properties and assets of the Collateral Agent substantially as a whole, shall be the successor to the Collateral Agent under this Agreement without further act of any of the parties to this Agreement. 
 SECTION 1.6. The Collateral Agent . (a) The Collateral Agent shall have no liability for losses arising from (i) any cause beyond its control, (ii) any delay, error, omission or default of any mail, telegraph, cable or wireless agency or operator, or (iii) the acts or edicts of any government or governmental agency or other group or entity exercising governmental powers. 
 (a) It is expressly acknowledged and agreed that the Collateral Agent is not guaranteeing the performance of or assuming any liability for the obligations of the other parties hereto or any portion of the Collateral. 
 (b) The Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for the preparation or filing of any UCC financing statements or continuation statements or the correctness of any financing statements filed in connection with this Agreement or the validity or perfection of any lien or security interest created pursuant to this Agreement. 
 (c) The Collateral Agent shall not be liable for interest on any money received by it except as the Collateral Agent may agree in writing with the Borrower. In no event shall the Collateral Agent be liable for the selection of any investments or any losses in connection therewith (except in its capacity as obligor thereunder, if applicable), or for any failure of the relevant party to provide investment instruction to the Collateral Agent in connection with the investment of funds in or from any account set forth herein. 
 (d) The Collateral Agent shall have no liability for any failure, inability or unwillingness on the part of the Servicer, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to provide accurate and complete information on a timely basis to the Collateral Agent, or otherwise on the part of any such party to comply with the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability for any inaccuracy or error in the performance or observance on the Collateral Agent s part of any of its duties hereunder that is caused by or results from any such inaccurate, incomplete or untimely information received by it, or other failure on the part of any such other party to comply with the terms hereof. 
 (e) The Collateral Agent shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any certificate, report or other document provided , however , that, if the form thereof is prescribed by this Agreement, the Collateral Agent shall examine the same to determine whether it conforms on its face to the requirements hereof. The Collateral Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of any matter unless actually known to a Responsible Officer. It is expressly acknowledged by the Borrower, the Servicer, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent that performance by the Collateral Agent of its various duties hereunder (including recalculations to be performed in respect of the matters contemplated hereby) shall be based upon, and in reliance upon, data, information and notices provided to it by the Servicer (and or the Borrower) and or any related bank agent, obligor or similar party with respect to the Collateral, and the Collateral Agent shall have no responsibility for the accuracy of any such information or data provided to it by such persons and shall be entitled to update its records (as it may deem necessary or appropriate). Nothing herein shall impose or imply any duty or obligation on the part of the Collateral Agent to verify, investigate or audit any such information or data, or to determine or monitor on an independent basis whether any issuer of the Collateral is in default or in compliance with the underlying documents governing or securing such item of Collateral, from time to time. 
 -120- 

(f) The Collateral Agent shall have no duty to determine or inquire into the happening or occurrence of any event or contingency, and it is agreed that its duties hereunder are purely ministerial in nature. 
 (g) Should any controversy arise between the undersigned with respect to the Collateral held by the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Agent shall follow the instructions of the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties. 
 (h) The powers conferred on the Collateral Agent hereunder are solely to protect its interest (on behalf of the Secured Parties) in the Collateral and shall not impose any duty on it to exercise any such powers. Except for performing the obligations expressly imposed on the Collateral Agent hereunder, the Collateral Agent shall have no duty as to any Collateral or responsibility for ascertaining or taking action with respect to calls, conversions, exchanges, maturities, tenders or other matters relative to any Collateral, whether or not the Collateral Agent has or is deemed to have knowledge of such matters or taking any steps to preserve rights against prior parties or other rights pertaining to any Collateral. 
 (i) In order to comply with the laws, rules, regulations and executive orders in effect from time to time applicable to banking institutions, including those relating to the funding of terrorist activities and money laundering, the Collateral Agent may be required to obtain, verify and record certain information relating to individuals and entities which maintain a business relationship with the Collateral Agent. Accordingly, each of the parties hereto agrees to provide to the Collateral Agent upon its request from time to time such identifying information and documentation as may be available to such party in order to enable the Collateral Agent to comply with such requirements. 
 (j) If Wells Fargo or the Collateral Agent is also acting in another capacity, including as Custodian or Securities Intermediary, the rights, protections, immunities and indemnities afforded to Wells Fargo or the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Article XII shall also be afforded to Wells Fargo or the Collateral Agent acting in such capacities provided that such rights, protections, benefits, immunities and indemnities shall be in addition to, and not in limitation of, any rights, protections, benefits, immunities and indemnities provided in the Custodian Agreement, Account Control Agreement or any other Facility Documents to which Wells Fargo or the Collateral Agent in such capacity is a party. 
 (k) The Collateral Agent shall not have any obligation to determine if a Collateral Loan meets the criteria specified in the definition of Eligible Collateral Loan. 
 ARTICLE XVIII MISCELLANEOUS 
 SECTION 1.1. No Waiver Modifications in Writing . (a) No failure or delay on the part of any Secured Party exercising any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or remedy preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. Any waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Facility Document, and any consent to any departure by any party to this Agreement or any other Facility Document from the terms of any provision of this Agreement or such other Facility Document, shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given. No notice to or demand on the Borrower or the Servicer in any case shall entitle the Borrower or the Servicer to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances. 
 -121- 

(a) No amendment, modification, supplement or waiver of this Agreement shall be effective unless signed by the Borrower, the Servicer, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders provided that 
 (i) any Fundamental Amendment shall require the written consent of all Lenders affected thereby and 
 (ii) no such amendment, modification, supplement or waiver shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of any Agent hereunder without the prior written consent of such Agent. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in connection with the increase of the Commitments hereunder, only the consent of the Lender increasing its Commitment (or providing a new Commitment) shall be required for any amendment that effects such increase in Commitments. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (x) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender and (y) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender more adversely than other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. 
 SECTION 1.2. Notices, Etc. Except where telephonic instructions are authorized herein to be given, all notices, demands, instructions and other communications required or permitted to be given to or made upon any party hereto shall be in writing and shall be personally delivered or sent by registered, certified or express mail, postage prepaid, or by facsimile transmission, or by prepaid courier service, or by electronic mail (if the recipient has provided an email address in Schedule 5), and shall be deemed to be given for purposes of this Agreement on the day that such writing is received by the intended recipient thereof in accordance with the provisions of this Section 13.02. Unless otherwise specified in a notice sent or delivered in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Section 13.02, notices, demands, instructions and other communications in writing shall be given to or made upon the respective parties hereto at their respective addresses (or to their respective facsimile numbers or email addresses) indicated in Schedule 5, and, in the case of telephonic instructions or notices, by calling the telephone number or numbers indicated for such party in Schedule 5. 
 Wells Fargo agrees to accept and act upon instructions or directions pursuant to this Agreement, any other Facility Document, or any Related Document or any document executed in connection herewith or therewith sent by unsecured email, facsimile transmission or other similar unsecured electronic methods provided , however , that any person providing such instructions or directions shall provide to Wells Fargo an incumbency certificate listing persons designated to provide such instructions or directions as such incumbency certificate may be supplemented from time to time. If any person elects to give Wells Fargo email or facsimile instructions (or instructions by a similar electronic method) and Wells Fargo in its discretion elects to act upon such instructions, Wells Fargo s reasonable understanding of such instructions shall be deemed controlling. Wells Fargo shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from Wells Fargo s reliance upon and compliance with such instructions notwithstanding such instructions conflicting with or being inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. Any person providing such instructions or directions acknowledges and agrees that there may be more secure methods of transmitting such 
 -122- 

instructions than the method(s) selected by it and agrees that the security procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with its transmission of such instructions provide to it a commercially reasonable degree of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances. 
 SECTION 1.3. Taxes . (a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Facility Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any and all Taxes with respect thereto, unless required by Applicable Law. If any Applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, then the Borrower or the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as may be necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 13.03) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
 (a) The Borrower agrees to timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 
 (b) The Borrower agrees to indemnify each Recipient, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including any Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted by any jurisdiction on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 13.03) payable or paid by any Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and (ii) any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, in each case whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Recipient (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of another Recipient, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (c) Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 13.06(c)(ii) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Facility Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Facility Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this Section 13.03(d). 
 (d) As soon as practicable after the date of any payment of Taxes by the Borrower to Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 13.03, the Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by the relevant Governmental Authority evidencing payment thereof, a copy of the return reporting 
 -123- 

such payment, or other evidence of payment as may be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (e) If any Recipient in its sole discretion, but acting in good faith, determines that it has received a refund of any Taxes with respect to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 13.03 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to Section 13.03(a)), such Recipient shall reimburse the Borrower (or the Servicer, as applicable) such amount of any refund received (net of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred), but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), as such Secured Party shall determine in its sole discretion, but acting in good faith, to be attributable to the relevant Indemnified Taxes provided that in the event that such Secured Party is required to repay such refund to the relevant taxing authority, the Borrower agrees to return the refund to such Secured Party. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 13.03(f), in no event will any Secured Party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this Section 13.03(f) the payment of which would place such Secured Party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Secured Party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. Unless required by Applicable Law, at no time shall any Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender, as the case may be. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 (f) (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Facility Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by Applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Sections 13.03(g)(ii), (iii) and (v) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 (i) Without limiting the generality of Section 13.03(g)(i), each Lender that is a U.S. Person shall, on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or any Agent), deliver to the Borrower and each Agent, two accurate, complete and signed copies of U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax. 
 (ii) Any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and each Agent, on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon 
 -124- 

the reasonable request of the Borrower or any Agent), two accurate, complete and signed copies of whichever of the following is applicable 
 (A) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Facility Document, executed copies of U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Facility Document, U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty 
 (B) executed copies of U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI 
 (C) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies of U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) or 
 (D) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate, IRS Form W-9, and or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner. 
 (iii) Each Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Agents (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or any Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by Applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by Applicable Law to permit the Borrower or the Agents to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made. 
 (iv) If a payment made to a Recipient under any Facility Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Recipient shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by Applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the 
 -125- 

Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Recipient has complied with such Recipient s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this Section 13.03(v), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (g) If any Lender requires the Borrower to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amount to such Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of such Lender pursuant to this Section 13.03, then such Lender shall (at the request of the Borrower) use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Advances hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if such Lender determines, in its sole discretion that such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to this Section 13.03 in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 (h) Each party s obligations under this Section 13.03 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Facility Document. 
 SECTION 1.4. Costs and Expenses Indemnification . (a) The Borrower agrees to promptly pay on demand all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Agents and the Lenders in connection with the preparation, review, negotiation, reproduction, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Facility Documents, including the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of one outside counsel for the Administrative Agent and one outside counsel for the Collateral Agent, costs and expenses of creating, perfecting, releasing or enforcing the Collateral Agent s security interests in the Collateral, including filing and recording fees, expenses, search fees, UCC filing fees and the equivalent thereof in any foreign jurisdiction, if applicable, and all other related fees and expenses in connection therewith and in connection with the administration and any waiver, consent, modification or amendment or similar agreement in respect of this Agreement, the Notes or any other Facility Document and advising the Agents and Lenders as to their respective rights, remedies and responsibilities. The Borrower agrees to promptly pay on demand all reasonable and documented costs and expenses of each of the Secured Parties in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement, the Notes or any other Facility Document, including all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Collateral Agent in connection with the preservation, collection, foreclosure or enforcement of the Collateral subject to the Facility Documents or any interest, right, power or remedy of the Collateral Agent and the Replacement Servicer (including in its capacity as Replacement Servicer) or in connection with the collection or enforcement of any of the Obligations or the proof, protection, administration or resolution of any claim based upon the Obligations in any insolvency proceeding, including all reasonable fees and disbursements of outside attorneys, accountants, auditors, consultants, appraisers and other professionals engaged by the Collateral Agent provided that, in each case, there shall be one primary outside attorney and one local counsel representing such Secured Parties (other than the Collateral Agent, who shall have one primary outside attorney and one local counsel) unless any conflict of interest arises. Without prejudice to its rights hereunder, the 
 -126- 

expenses and the compensation for the services of the Secured Parties are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any applicable bankruptcy law. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 13.04(a) shall not apply to Taxes, other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim, which shall be covered by Section 13.03. 
 (a) The Borrower agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Secured Party and each of their Affiliates and the respective officers, directors, employees, agents, managers of, and any Person controlling any of, the foregoing (each, an Indemnified Party from and against any and all Liabilities that may be incurred by or asserted or awarded against any Indemnified Party, in each case arising out of or in connection with or by reason of the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance, administration of or otherwise arising out of or incurred in connection with this Agreement, any other Facility Document, any Related Document or any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby (and regardless of whether or not any such transactions are consummated) except that the Borrower shall not be liable to the extent any such Liability is found in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Indemnified Party s gross negligence or willful misconduct provided that any payment hereunder which relates to taxes, levies, imposes, deductions, charges and withholdings, and all liabilities (including penalties, interest and expenses) with respect thereto, or additional sums described in Sections 2.10, 2.11 or 13.03, shall not be covered by this Section 13.04(b). 
 (b) Subject to the Lender Fee Letter, the Servicer agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnified Party from and against any and all Liabilities that may be incurred by or asserted or awarded against any Indemnified Party, in each case arising out of or in connection with or by reason of any one or more of the following (i) any breach by the Servicer of any covenant or any of its obligations under any Facility Document, (ii) the failure of any of the representations or warranties of the Servicer set forth in any Facility Document or in any certificate, statement or report delivered in connection therewith to be true when made or when deemed made or repeated and (iii) by reason of any gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct (as determined by the final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction) on the part of the Servicer in its capacity as Servicer except the Servicer shall not be liable to the extent any such Liability (x) results from the performance or non-performance of the Collateral Loans or (y) is found in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Indemnified Party s gross negligence or willful misconduct provided that any payment hereunder which relates to taxes, levies, imposes, deductions, charges and withholdings, and all liabilities (including penalties, interest and expenses) with respect thereto, or additional sums described in Sections 2.10, 2.11 or 13.03, shall not be covered by this Section 13.04(c). The Servicer shall not have any liability hereunder to any Indemnified Party to the extent an Indemnified Party affects any settlement of a matter that is (or could be) subject to indemnification hereunder without the prior written consent of the Servicer (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). In no event shall the Servicer be liable for any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. 
 (c) The Equityholder agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnified Party from and against any and all Liabilities that may be incurred by or asserted or awarded against any Indemnified Party, in each case arising out of or in connection with or by reason of any breach of the Equityholder of any covenant or any of its obligations set forth in Section 13.22. 
 SECTION 1.5. Execution in Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which counterparts, when so executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original and all of which counterparts, taken together, shall constitute but one and the same Agreement. Delivery 
 -127- 

of an executed signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. 
 SECTION 1.6. Assignability . (a) Each Lender may, with the consent of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, assign to an assignee all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its outstanding Advances or interests therein owned by it, together with ratable portions of its Commitment) provided that 
 (i) each of the Borrower s and the Administrative Agent s consent to any such assignment (A) shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed and (B) shall not be required if the assignee is a Permitted Assignee with respect to such assignor and 
 (ii) the Borrower s consent to any such assignment pursuant to this Section 13.06(a) shall not be required if (x) a Default or an Event of Default shall have occurred (and not been waived by the Lenders in accordance with Section 13.01) or (y) such assignment is required by any Change in Law. 
 The parties to each such assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Collateral Agent) an Assignment and Acceptance and the applicable tax forms required by Section 13.03(g). Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 13.06, no assignment by any Lender to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates shall be permitted. 
 (a) The Borrower may not assign its rights or obligations hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of the Agents and the Lenders. 
 (b) (i) Any Lender may, without the consent of, but with notice to, the Borrower, sell participations to Participants in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement provided that (A) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, (C) such Borrower, the Agents and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, and (D) each Participant shall have agreed to be bound by this Section 13.06(c), Section 13.06(d), Section 13.06(e) and Section 13.17. Any agreement pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement provided that such agreement may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any Fundamental Amendment. Sections 2.10, 2.11, and 13.03 shall apply to each Participant as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to clause (a) of this Section 13.06 (subject to the requirements and limitations set forth in Section 13.03, including the requirements under Section 13.03(g)) provided that (A) such Participant agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 13.03(g) as if it were an assignee under clause (a) of this Section 13.06 and (B) no Participant shall be entitled to any amount under Section 2.10, 2.11, or 13.03 which is greater than the amount the related Lender would have been entitled to under any such Sections or provisions if the applicable participation had not occurred, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater amount results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. 
 (i) In the event that any Lender sells participations in any portion of its rights and obligations hereunder, such Lender as nonfiduciary agent for the Borrower shall maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of all participants in the Advances held by it and the principal amount (and stated interest thereon) of the portion 
 -128- 

of the Advance which is the subject of the participation (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans or its other obligations under any Facility Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in a Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in such Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent, on behalf of and acting solely for this purpose as the nonfiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at its address specified in Section 13.02 or such other address as the Administrative Agent shall designate in writing to the Lenders, a copy of this Agreement and each signature page hereto and each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to and accepted by it and a register (the Register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders and the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the outstanding Advances maintained by each Lender under this Agreement (and any stated interest thereon). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Agents and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower or any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. An Advance (and a Note, if any, evidencing the same) may be assigned or sold in whole or in part only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register (and each Note, if any, shall expressly so provide) and compliance with this Section 13.06. The Administrative Agent shall update and furnish to the Collateral Agent and the Borrower from time to time at the request of the Collateral Agent or the Borrower an updated version of Schedule 1 reflecting the then-current allocation of the Commitments. 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein or in any other Facility Document, each Lender hereunder, and each Participant, must at all times be a qualified purchaser as defined in the Investment Company Act (a Qualified Purchaser and a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act (a QIB ). Each Lender represents to the Borrower, (i) on the date that it becomes a party to this Agreement (whether by being a signatory hereto or by entering into an Assignment and Acceptance) and (ii) on each date on which it makes an Advance hereunder, that it is a Qualified Purchaser and a QIB. Each Lender further agrees that it shall not assign, or grant any participations in, any of its Advances or its Commitment to any Person unless such Person is a Qualified Purchaser and a QIB. 
 (e) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 13.06, any Lender may at any time pledge or grant a security interest in all or any portion of its rights (including rights to payment of principal and interest) under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or security interest granted to a Federal Reserve Bank, without notice to or consent of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent provided that no such pledge or grant of a security interest shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or grantee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 SECTION 1.7. Governing Law . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY 
 -129- 

CLAIM, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER FACILITY DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER FACILITY DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 SECTION 1.8. Severability of Provisions . Any provision of this Agreement or any other Facility Document which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 SECTION 1.9. Confidentiality . The parties hereto agree to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed by any party (a) to its Affiliates, directors, officers, members, principals and employees, and to its agents, counsel and other advisors that have a need for such information relative to this facility (collectively, the Related Parties (it being understood that, in each case, the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential and the disclosing party shall be responsible for any breach by its Related Parties under this Section 13.09) (b) to the extent required or requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made shall be informed of the confidential nature of such Information (c) to the extent required by Applicable Law or by any subpoena or similar legal process provided that with respect to disclosures of Information pursuant to a subpoena or similar legal process, (A) prior to any disclosure under this clause (c) the disclosing party agrees to provide the Borrower with prior written notice thereof, to the extent that it is practicable to do so and to the extent that the disclosing party is permitted to provide such prior written notice to the Borrower pursuant to the terms of the subpoena or other legal process and (B) any disclosure under this clause (c) shall be limited to the portion of the Information as may be required by such Governmental Authority pursuant to such subpoena or other legal process (d) to any other party hereto (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Facility Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Facility Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder (f) solely with respect to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, to (i) any assignee of or participant in, or any prospective assignee of or participant in, any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement provided that such assignee or participant (or prospective assignee or participant) has agreed to maintain confidentiality pursuant to this Section 13.09 or another non-disclosure agreement substantially similar hereto, or (ii) any actual or prospective party (or its Related Parties) to any swap, derivative or other transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to the Borrower and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder that has agreed to maintain confidentiality pursuant to this Section 13.09 or (iii) any rating agency or (g) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section by such party, or (y) becomes available to such party or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than a party to this Agreement. For purposes of this Section 13.09, Information means all information received from a party to this Agreement, the terms and substance of this Agreement and each other Facility Document and any term sheet. 
 SECTION 1.10. Merger . This Agreement and the other Facility Documents executed by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders taken as a whole incorporate the entire agreement between the parties hereto and thereto concerning the subject matter hereof and 
 -130- 

thereof and this Agreement and such other Facility Documents supersede any prior agreements among the parties relating to the subject matter thereof. 
 SECTION 1.11. Survival . All representations and warranties made hereunder, in the other Facility Documents and in any certificate delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of the Advances hereunder. The agreements in Sections 2.10, 2.11, 2.13, 12.04, 13.03, 13.04, 13.09, 13.15 and 13.17 and this Section 13.11 shall survive the termination of this Agreement in whole or in part, the payment in full of the principal of and interest on the Advances, any foreclosure under, or modification, release or discharge of, any or all of the Related Documents and the resignation or replacement of any Agent. 
 SECTION 1.12. Submission to Jurisdiction Waivers Etc. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally 
 (a) submits for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the other Facility Documents to which it is a party, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof, to the non-exclusive general jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York in the Borough of Manhattan, the courts of the United States of America for the Southern District of New York, and the appellate courts of any of them 
 (b) consents that any such action or proceeding may be brought in any court described in Section 13.12(a) and waives to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same 
 (c) solely in the case of each party hereto (other than the Borrower, Servicer and Equityholder) agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to such party at its address set forth in Section 13.02 or at such other address as may be permitted thereunder 
 (d) EACH OF THE BORROWER, SERVICER AND EQUITYHOLDER IRREVOCABLY APPOINTS INTERTRUST CORPORATE SERVICES DELAWARE LTD. (THE PROCESS AGENT WITH AN OFFICE ON THE DATE HEREOF AT 200 BELLEVUE PARKWAY, SUITE 210, WILMINGTON, NEW CASTLE COUNTY, DELAWARE 29809, AS ITS AGENT TO RECEIVE ON ITS BEHALF AND PROPERTY SERVICE OF COPIES OF ANY SUMMONS AND COMPLAINT AND ANY OTHER PROCESS WHICH MAY BE SERVED IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING. SUCH SERVICE MAY BE MADE BY MAILING OR DELIVERING A COPY OF SUCH PROCESS TO THE ACCOUNT PARTY IN CARE OF THE PROCESS AGENT AT THE PROCESS AGENT S ABOVE ADDRESS, AND THE ACCOUNT PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AUTHORIZES AND DIRECTS THE PROCESS AGENT TO ACCEPT SUCH SERVICE ON ITS BEHALF. AS AN ALTERNATIVE METHOD OF SERVICE, EACH OF THE BORROWER, SERVICER AND EQUITYHOLDER ALSO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE SERVICE OF ANY AND ALL PROCESS IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY THE MAILING OF COPIES OF SUCH PROCESS TO IT AT ITS ADDRESS SET FORTH IN SECTION 13.02 IN THE MANNER DESCRIBED ABOVE. EACH OF THE BORROWER, SERVICER AND EQUITYHOLDER AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER 
 -131- 

PERMITTED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS SECTION SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHTS OF ANY OTHER PARTY HERETO RIGHTS TO SERVE LEGAL PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR AFFECT SUCH PARTY S RIGHT TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING AGAINST THE ACCOUNT PARTY OR ITS PROPERTY IN THE COURTS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION and 
 (e) waives, to the maximum extent not prohibited by law, any right it may have to claim or recover in any legal action or proceeding against any Secured Party arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Facility Document any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages. 
 SECTION 1.13. Waiver of Jury Trial . EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER FACILITY DOCUMENT OR FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM HEREIN OR THEREIN OR RELATING HERETO OR THERETO. 
 SECTION 1.14. Right of Setoff Payments Pro Rata . (a) Subject to Section 9.01(a), if an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any and all of the obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Facility Document to such Lender or their respective Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender or Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Facility Document and although such obligations of the Borrower may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch, office or Affiliate of such Lender different from the branch, office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness provided, that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.17 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application, provided, that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 
 (a) Each of the Lenders agrees that, if it should receive any amount under this Agreement (whether by voluntary payments, by realization upon security, by the exercise of the right of setoff or banker s lien, by counterclaim or cross action, by the enforcement of any right under the Facility Documents, or otherwise) which is applicable to the payment of the principal of, or interest on, the Advances or fees, of a sum which with respect to the related sum or sums received by other Lenders is in a greater proportion than the total of such Obligation then owed and due to such Lender bears to the total of such Obligation then owed and due to all of the Lenders immediately prior to such receipt, then such Lender receiving such excess payment shall purchase for cash without recourse or warranty from the other Lenders an interest in the Obligations to such other Lenders in such amount as shall result in a proportional participation by all of the Lenders in such disproportionate sum received provided that if all or any portion of such excess amount is thereafter recovered from such 
 -132- 

Lender, such purchase shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, but without interest. 
 SECTION 1.15. PATRIOT Act Notice . Each Agent and Lender hereby notifies the Borrower that, pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law on October 26, 2001)) (the PATRIOT Act ), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Agent or Lender to identify the Borrower in accordance with the PATRIOT Act. The Borrower shall provide, to the extent commercially reasonable, such information and take such actions as are reasonably requested by any Lender or Agent in order to assist such Lender or Agent, as applicable, in maintaining compliance with the PATRIOT Act. 
 SECTION 1.16. Legal Holidays . In the event that the date of prepayment of Advances or the Final Maturity Date shall not be a Business Day, then notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any other Facility Document, payment need not be made on such date, but may be made on the next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if made on the nominal date of any such date of prepayment or Final Maturity Date, as the case may be, and interest shall accrue on such payment for the period from and after any such nominal date to but excluding such next succeeding Business Day. 
 SECTION 1.17. Limited Recourse Non-Petition . (a) Each of the Servicer and each Secured Party acknowledges that the Borrower is a special purpose entity and that none of the directors, officers, incorporators, shareholders, partners, agents or employees (collectively, the Relevant Agents of the Borrower (including, without limitation, any Equityholder and any Affiliate thereof) shall be personally liable for any of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement. The Borrower s sole source of funds for payment of all amounts due hereunder shall be the Collateral, and, upon application of the proceeds of the Collateral and its reduction to zero in accordance with the terms and under the circumstances described herein, all obligations of and all claims against the Borrower under this Agreement, any Note or under any other Facility Document shall extinguish and shall not thereafter revive. No recourse shall be had for the payment of any amount owing in respect of the Advances against the Equityholder, the Servicer or any Affiliate, shareholder, manager, officer, director, employee or member of the Borrower, the Equityholder or the Servicer or their respective successors or assigns or, except as specifically set forth in this this Agreement (including, but not limited to Section 13.04(c)) and in the other Facility Documents, for any other amounts payable in respect of the Obligations or the Facility Documents. 
 (a) Each of the Servicer and each Secured Party hereby agrees not to institute against, or join, cooperate with or encourage any other Person in instituting against, the Borrower any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation proceeding or other proceeding under federal or state bankruptcy or similar laws until at least one year and one day, or, if longer, the applicable preference period then in effect plus one day, after the payment in full of all outstanding Obligations and the termination of all Commitments provided that nothing in this Section 13.17 shall preclude, or be deemed to prevent, any Secured Party (a) from taking any action prior to the expiration of the aforementioned one year and one day period, or, if longer, the applicable preference period then in effect, in (i) any case or proceeding voluntarily filed or commenced by the Borrower or (ii) any involuntary insolvency proceeding filed or commenced against the Borrower by a Person other than any such Secured Party, or (b) from commencing against the Borrower or any properties of the Borrower any legal action which is not a bankruptcy, 
 -133- 

reorganization, receivership, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation proceeding or other proceeding under federal or state bankruptcy or similar laws. The provisions of this paragraph shall survive the termination of this Agreement. The provisions of this Section 13.17 are a material inducement for the Secured Parties to enter into this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and are an essential term hereof. The parties hereby agree that monetary damages are not adequate for a breach of the provisions of this Section 13.17 and the Administrative Agent may seek and obtain specific performance of such provisions (including injunctive relief), including, without limitation, in any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, winding up, insolvency, moratorium, winding up or liquidation proceedings, or other proceedings under United States federal or state bankruptcy laws, or any similar laws. 
 SECTION 1.18. Waiver of Setoff . Each of the Borrower and the Servicer hereby waives any right of setoff it may have or to which it may be entitled under this Agreement or under any Applicable Law from time to time against the Administrative Agent, any Lender or its respective assets. 
 SECTION 1.19. Collateral Agent Execution and Delivery . By executing this Agreement, each Lender hereby consents to the terms of this Agreement, directs the Collateral Agent to execute and deliver this Agreement, and acknowledges and agrees that the Collateral Agent shall be fully protected in relying upon the foregoing consent and direction and hereby releases the Collateral Agent and its respective officers, directors, agents, employees and shareholders, as applicable, from any liability for complying with such direction, except as a result of gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Collateral Agent. 
 SECTION 1.20. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Facility Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges and accepts that any liability of any EEA Financial Institution arising under or in connection with any Facility Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to Bail-in Action by the relevant EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA Financial Institution and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part, in the principal amount, or outstanding amount due (including any accrued but unpaid interest), or cancellation of any such liability 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Facility Document or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of any Finance Document to the extent necessary to give effect to any Bail-in Action in relation to such liability. 
 -134- 

SECTION 1.21. WAIVER OF SOVEREIGN IMMUNITY . To the extent that any of the Borrower, Servicer or Equityholder may be entitled, in any jurisdiction in which judicial proceedings may at any time be commenced with respect to this Agreement or any other Facility Document, to claim for itself or its revenues, assets or properties any immunity from suit, the jurisdiction of any court, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution of a judgment, set-off, execution of a judgment or any other legal process, and to the extent that in any such jurisdiction there may be attributed such immunity (whether or not claimed), each of the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder irrevocably agrees not to claim and hereby irrevocably waives such immunity to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of such jurisdiction and hereby agrees that the foregoing waiver shall be enforced to the fullest extent permitted under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act of 1976 of the United States of America, as amended, and is intended to be irrevocable for the purpose of such act. 
 SECTION 1.22. Risk Retention . The Equityholder hereby covenants, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Collateral Agent and, in respect of paragraphs (d) and (e) below only, the Servicer that, for so long as any Advance remains outstanding 
 (a) it will retain, as originator, on an ongoing basis, a material net economic interest in the form specified in paragraph (d) of Article 6(3) of the Securitisation Regulation, being retention of the first loss tranche and, if necessary, other tranches having the same or a more severe risk profile than those transferred or sold to investors and not maturing any earlier than those transferred or sold to investors, through maintaining funding to the Borrower under the LLC Agreement, in an amount equal to not less than 5 of the Retention Basis Amount (such net economic interest being the Retention 
 (b) neither it nor any of its Affiliates will sell, hedge or otherwise mitigate its credit risk under or associated with the Retention where to do so would cause the transaction contemplated by the Facility Documents to cease to be compliant with the EU Retention Requirements 
 (c) it will take such further action, provide such information as is in its possession (provided that the provision of such information would not contravene any applicable contract, law or regulation or duties of confidentiality binding on the Equityholder) and enter into such other agreements, in each case, as may reasonably be required by the Borrower, a Lender or the Administrative Agent to satisfy the EU Retention Requirements 
 (d) it will confirm to each of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Servicer, each Lender and the Collateral Agent, its continued compliance with the covenants set out at paragraphs (a) and (b) above in each Monthly Report 
 (e) it will promptly notify the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Servicer, each Lender and the Collateral Agent in writing if for any reason it fails to comply with either of the covenants set out in paragraphs (a) or (b) above in any way and 
 (f) it will notify each of its Affiliates of the contents of paragraph (b) above and shall use reasonable endeavours to procure that each of its Affiliates complies with the terms of paragraph (b) as if it were a party thereto. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, neither the Equityholder nor the Borrower makes any representation as to compliance of the transaction or any of the parties 
 -135- 

hereto with respect to Securitisation Regulation. Any Person accepting the benefits of this Section 13.22 and or Section 13.23 below (including any related definitions or provisions), shall be deemed to have agreed to the terms set forth in this paragraph and each Lender hereby represents that is not relying on any of the Borrower, the Servicer or the Equityholder or any of their respective Affiliates, for any financial, tax, legal, accounting, or regulatory advise in connection with the matters set forth in this Section 13.22 and or Section 13.23 below. 
 SECTION 1.23. EU Due Diligence Requirements. 
 (a) The Retention holder agrees to make available (or will cause the Servicer or the Borrower to make available), promptly upon written request by the Administrative Agent on behalf of any Lender from time to time, the documents, reports and information necessary to enable compliance by any Lender with Article 5 of the Securitisation Regulation provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower shall be obligated to do so only if such documents, reports or information is (1) not subject to a duty of confidentiality and (2)(a) in the Borrower s or the Retention holder s possession, or (b) not in the Borrower s or the Retention holder s possession but the Retention holder or Borrower can obtain such documents, reports or information using commercially reasonably efforts without material expense (provided further that, if obtaining such documents, reports or information would involve material expense but the requesting Lender agrees to pay it, then the Borrower shall obtain the same). 
 SECTION 1.24. Compliance with the Securitisation Regulation . Each of the parties hereto acknowledges that none of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Custodian, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Agent shall be responsible for and shall have no obligation to assist any other party hereto in connection with compliance with any requirement of the Securitisation Regulation applicable to them. 
 SECTION 1.25. Adequacy of Monetary Damages Against the Lenders . Each of the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder hereby acknowledges and agrees that (i) any and all claims, damages and demands against the Administrative Agent or the Lenders arising out of, or in connection with, the exercise by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders of any Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders rights or remedies pursuant to this Agreement can be sufficiently and adequately remedied by monetary damages, (ii) no irreparable injury will be caused to the Borrower, the Servicer or the Equityholder as a result of, or in connection with, any such claims, damages or demands, and (iii) no equitable or injunctive relief shall be sought by the Borrower, the Servicer or the Equityholder as a result of, or in connection with, any such claims, damages or demands provided that this Section 13.25 shall not constitute a waiver of any rights of the Borrower, the Servicer or the Equityholder to seek injunctive relief to enforce its rights under Section 13.09. 
 -136- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 
 BGSL BRECKENRIDGE FUNDING LLC, as Borrower 
 By Name Title 
 BLACKSTONE GSO SECURED LENDING FUND, as Equityholder 
 By Name Title 
 BLACKSTONE GSO SECURED LENDING FUND, as Servicer 
 By Name Title 
 BNP PARIBAS, as Administrative Agent and a Lender 
 By Name Title 
 By Name Title 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Agent 
 By Name Title 

</EX-10.106>

<EX-10.107>
 4
 bxsl-20221231xex10107.htm
 EX-10.107

Document 
 EX 10.10.7 EXECUTION VERSION 

 This SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO THE REVOLVING CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT (this Amendment ), dated as of May 19, 2022 (the Amendment Date ), is entered into by and among BGSL BRECKENRIDGE FUNDING LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as the borrower (the Borrower ), the LENDERS party to the Revolving Credit Agreement, BNP PARIBAS, as the administrative agent (the Administrative Agent ), BLACKSTONE SECURED LENDING FUND, a Delaware statutory trust, as the equityholder (in such capacity, the Equityholder ), BLACKSTONE SECURED LENDING FUND, a Delaware statutory trust, as the servicer (in such capacity, the Servicer ), and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as collateral agent (the Collateral Agent ). 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto, the Administrative Agent, the Equityholder, the Servicer and the Collateral Agent are party to the Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2018 (as amended from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Revolving Credit Agreement and 
 WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to amend the Revolving Credit Agreement, in accordance with Section 13.01(b) of the Revolving Credit Agreement subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows 
 ARTICLE I Definitions 
 SECTION 1.1. Defined Terms . Terms used but not defined herein have the respective meanings given to such terms in the Revolving Credit Agreement. 
 ARTICLE II Amendments to Revolving Credit Agreement 
 SECTION 1.1. As of May 31, 2022 (the Amendment Effective Date ), the Revolving Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text and to add the bold and double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example bold and double-underlined text as set forth on the pages attached as Appendix A hereto. 
 ARTICLE III 
 Representations and Warranties 
 SECTION 1.1. The Borrower and the Equityholder hereby represent and warrant to the Administrative Agent and the Lender that, as of the Amendment Date and the Amendment Effective Date, (i) no Default, Event of Default, Potential Servicer Removal Event or Servicer Removal Event has occurred and is continuing and (ii) the representations and warranties of the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder contained in Sections 4.01, 4.02 and 4.03 of the Revolving Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the 

Amendment Date and the Amendment Effective Date (other than any representation and warranty that is made as of a specific date). 
 ARTICLE IV Conditions Precedent 
 SECTION 1.1. This Amendment will be effective on the Amendment Effective Date upon the satisfaction of each of the following conditions 
 (a) the Administrative Agent has received satisfactory evidence that the Borrower has obtained all required consents and approvals of all Persons to the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby 
 (b) all fees due and owing to the Administrative Agent and each Lender on or prior to the Amendment Date have been paid and 
 (c) the Administrative Agent has received a legal opinion of Dechert LLP, counsel to the Borrower, acceptable to the Administrative Agent covering such matters as the Administrative Agent has reasonably requested. 
 ARTICLE V Miscellaneous 
 SECTION 1.1. Governing Law . THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 SECTION 1.2. Severability Clause . In case any provision in this Amendment deemed to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Amendment remain in full force and effect. 
 SECTION 1.3. Ratification . Except as expressly amended hereby, the Revolving Credit Agreement is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof will remain in full force and effect. When effective, this Amendment will form a part of the Revolving Credit Agreement for all purposes. 
 SECTION 1.4. Counterparts . The parties hereto may sign one or more copies of this Amendment in counterparts, all of which together constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by facsimile or email transmission is effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. This Amendment shall be valid, binding and enforceable against a party when executed and delivered by an authorized individual on behalf of the party by means of (i) an original manual signature (ii) a faxed, scanned or photocopied manual signature or (iii) any other electronic signature permitted by the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and or any other relevant electronic signatures law, including any relevant provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code (collectively, Signature Law ), in each case, to the extent applicable provided that no electronic signatures may be affixed through the use of a third-party service provider. Each faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to 
 2 

conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any other party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, original manual signatures shall be used for execution or indorsement of writings when required under the Uniform Commercial Code or other Signature Law due to the character or intended character of the writings. 
 SECTION 1.5. Headings . The headings of the Articles and Sections in this Amendment are for convenience of reference only and are not deemed to alter or affect the meaning or interpretation of any provisions hereof. 
 SECTION 1.6. Direction to Execute . The Administrative Agent hereby authorizes and directs the Collateral Agent to execute this Amendment. 
 Signature Pages Follow 
 3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the Amendment Date. 
 BORROWER 
 BGSL BRECKENRIDGE FUNDING LLC 
 By s Marisa J. Beeney Name Marisa J. Beeney Title Authorized Signatory 

Signature Page to Seventh Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

EQUITYHOLDER 
 BLACKSTONE SECURED LENDING FUND , as Equityholder 
 By s Marisa J. Beeney Name Marisa J. Beeney Title Authorized Signatory 
 SERVICER 
 BLACKSTONE SECURED LENDING FUND , as Servicer 
 By s Marisa J. Beeney Name Marisa J. Beeney Title Authorized Signatory 
 Signature Page to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 BNP PARIBAS , as Administrative Agent 
 By s Sohaib Naim Name Sohaib Naim Title Director 
 By s Meredith Middleton Name Meredith Middleton Title Director 
 LENDER 
 BNP PARIBAS , as Lender 
 By s Sohaib Naim Name Sohaib Naim Title Director 
 By s Meredith Middleton Name Meredith Middleton Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to Seventh Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

COLLATERAL AGENT 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 BY COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, N.A., as attorney-in-fact 
 By s Amy Thompson Name Amy Thompson Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Seventh Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

APPENDIX A 

EXECUTION VERSION 
 Conformed through Sixth Seventh Amendment, dated February 28 May 19 , 2022 

EXECUTION VERSION 
 Conformed through Sixth Seventh Amendment, dated February 28 May 19 , 2022 

REVOLVING CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 among 
 BGSL BRECKENRIDGE FUNDING LLC, as Borrower, 
 THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTIES HERETO, 
 BNP PARIBAS, as Administrative Agent, 
 BLACKSTONE SECURED LENDING FUND, as Equityholder, 
 BLACKSTONE SECURED LENDING FUND, as Servicer, 
 and 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Agent 
 Dated as of December 21, 2018 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS RULES OF CONSTRUCTION COMPUTATIONS 
 Section 1.01 Definitions 1 
 Section 1.02 Rules of Construction 53 
 Section 1.03 Computation of Time Periods 54 
 Section 1.04 Collateral Value Calculation Procedures 54 
 ARTICLE II ADVANCES 
 Section 2.01 Revolving Credit Facility 56 
 Section 2.02 Requests for Collateral Loan Approval 57 
 Section 2.03 Making of the Advances 58 
 Section 2.04 Evidence of Indebtedness 59 
 Section 2.05 Payment of Principal and Interest 60 
 Section 2.06 Prepayment of Advances 60 
 Section 2.07 Changes of Commitments 61 
 Section 2.08 Maximum Lawful Rate 62 
 Section 2.09 Several Obligations 62 
 Section 2.10 Increased Costs 62 
 Section 2.11 Compensation Breakage Payments 63 
 Section 2.12 Illegality Inability to Determine Rates 64 
 Section 2.13 Rescission or Return of Payment 64 
 Section 2.14 Post-Default Interest 64 
 Section 2.15 Payments Generally 64 
 Section 2.16 Extension of Commitment Termination Date 65 
 Section 2.17 Defaulting Lenders 66 
 Section 2.18 Effect of Benchmark Transition Event Replacement Setting 67 
 ARTICLE III CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 Section 3.01 Conditions Precedent to Initial Advance 75 
 Section 3.02 Conditions Precedent to Each Advance 77 
 ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 Section 4.01 Representations and Warranties of the Borrower 78 
 Section 4.02 Representations and Warranties of the Servicer 82 
 Section 4.03 Representations and Warranties of the Equityholder 84 
 -i- 

ARTICLE V COVENANTS 
 Section 5.01 Affirmative Covenants of the Borrower 86 
 Section 5.02 Covenants of the Servicer 90 
 Section 5.03 Negative Covenants of the Borrower 93 
 Section 5.04 Covenants of the Equityholder 96 
 Section 5.05 Certain Undertakings Relating to Separateness 97 
 ARTICLE VI EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 Section 6.01 Events of Default 99 
 Section 6.02 OC Ratio Posting Payments 102 
 ARTICLE VII PLEDGE OF COLLATERAL RIGHTS OF THE COLLATERAL AGENT 
 Section 7.01 Grant of Security 102 
 Section 7.02 Release of Security Interest 103 
 Section 7.03 Rights and Remedies 104 
 Section 7.04 Remedies Cumulative 106 
 Section 7.05 Related Documents 107 
 Section 7.06 Borrower Remains Liable 107 
 Section 7.07 Protection of Collateral 107 
 ARTICLE VIII ACCOUNTS, ACCOUNTINGS AND RELEASES 
 Section 8.01 Collection of Money 108 
 Section 8.02 Collateral Account and Collection Account 109 
 Section 8.03 Payment Account 110 
 Section 8.04 The Revolving Reserve Account Fundings 110 
 Section 8.05 Reserved 111 
 Section 8.06 Reinvestment of Funds in Covered Accounts Reports by Collateral Agent 111 
 Section 8.07 Accountings 112 
 Section 8.08 Release of Collateral 113 
 Section 8.09 Reports by Independent Accountants 114 
 ARTICLE IX APPLICATION OF MONIES 
 Section 9.01 Disbursements of Monies from Payment Account 115 
 -ii- 

ARTICLE X SALE OF COLLATERAL LOANS PURCHASE OF ADDITIONAL COLLATERAL LOANS 
 Section 10.01 Sales of Collateral Loans 119 
 Section 10.02 Purchase of Additional Collateral Loans 120 
 Section 10.03 Conditions Applicable to All Sale and Purchase Transactions 121 
 Section 10.04 Additional Equity Contributions 121 
 ARTICLE XI ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICING OF CONTRACTS 
 Section 11.01 Appointment and Designation of the Servicer 122 
 Section 11.02 Duties of the Servicer 123 
 Section 11.03 Authorization of the Servicer 125 
 Section 11.04 Collection Efforts, Modification of Collateral 126 
 Section 11.05 Servicer Compensation 126 
 Section 11.06 The Servicer Not to Resign 126 
 ARTICLE XII THE AGENTS 
 Section 12.01 Authorization and Action 127 
 Section 12.02 Delegation of Duties 128 
 Section 12.03 Agents Reliance, Etc. 128 
 Section 12.04 Indemnification 130 
 Section 12.05 Successor Agents 131 
 Section 12.06 The Collateral Agent 131 
 ARTICLE XIII MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 13.01 No Waiver Modifications in Writing 133 
 Section 13.02 Notices, Etc. 134 
 Section 13.03 Taxes 135 
 Section 13.04 Costs and Expenses Indemnification 139 
 Section 13.05 Execution in Counterparts 140 
 Section 13.06 Assignability 140 
 Section 13.07 Governing Law 142 
 Section 13.08 Severability of Provisions 143 
 Section 13.09 Confidentiality 143 
 Section 13.10 Merger 144 
 Section 13.11 Survival 144 
 Section 13.12 Submission to Jurisdiction Waivers Etc. 144 
 Section 13.13 Waiver of Jury Trial 145 
 Section 13.14 Right of Setoff Payments Pro Rata 145 
 Section 13.15 PATRIOT Act Notice 146 
 Section 13.16 Legal Holidays 146 
 -iii- 

Section 13.17 Limited Recourse Non-Petition 146 
 Section 13.18 Waiver of Setoff 147 
 Section 13.19 Collateral Agent Execution and Delivery 147 
 Section 13.20 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions 147 
 Section 13.21 WAIVER OF SOVEREIGN IMMUNITY 148 
 Section 13.22 Risk Retention 148 
 Section 13.23 EU Due Diligence Requirements. 149 
 Section 13.24 Compliance with the Securitisation Regulation 149 
 Section 13.25 Adequacy of Monetary Damages Against the Lenders 150 
 
 SCHEDULES 
 Schedule 1 Commitments and Percentages 
 Schedule 2 S&P Industry Classifications 
 Schedule 3 Initial Collateral Loans 
 Schedule 4 Moody s Industry Classifications 
 Schedule 5 Notice Information 
 Schedule 6 Authorized Signatories 
 Schedule 7 Diversity Score 
 Schedule 8 Moody s RiskCalc 
 Schedule 9 Initial Asset List 
 EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit A Form of Note 
 Exhibit B Form of Notice of Borrowing (with attached form of Borrowing Base Calculation Statement) 
 Exhibit C Form of Notice of Prepayment 
 Exhibit D Form of Assignment and Acceptance 
 Exhibit E Reserved 
 Exhibit F Agreed-Upon Procedures 
 Exhibit G Form of Extension Request 
 Exhibit H Form of Data Report 
 Exhibit I Form of Approval Request 
 
 -iv- 

REVOLVING CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 REVOLVING CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of December 21, 2018, as amended on the First Amendment Date, the Second Amendment Date, the Third Amendment Date, the Fourth Amendment Date and , the Fifth Amendment Date, the Sixth Amendment Effective Date and the Seventh Amendment Effective Date among BGSL BRECKENRIDGE FUNDING LLC , a Delaware limited liability company, as borrower (the Borrower ), the LENDERS from time to time party hereto, BNP PARIBAS BNP ), as administrative agent for the Secured Parties (as hereinafter defined) (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), BLACKSTONE SECURED LENDING FUND , a Delaware statutory trust (in such capacity, the Equityholder ), BLACKSTONE SECURED LENDING FUND , a Delaware statutory trust, as servicer (in such capacity, the Servicer ), and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION Wells Fargo ), as collateral agent for the Secured Parties (as hereinafter defined) (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent ). 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower desires that the Lenders make advances on a revolving basis to the Borrower on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement and 
 WHEREAS, each Lender is willing to make such advances to the Borrower on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 ARTICLE VI DEFINITIONS RULES OF CONSTRUCTION COMPUTATIONS 
 SECTION 1.1. Definitions . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated 
 Account Control Agreement means that certain Account Control Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Borrower, the Servicer, the Collateral Agent and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Securities Intermediary, which agreement relates to the Covered Accounts. 
 Adjusted Principal Balance means, for any Eligible Collateral Loan, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the Loan Value of such Eligible Collateral Loan as of such date multiplied by the Principal Balance of such Eligible Collateral Loan as of such date provided that, the parties hereby agree that the Adjusted Principal Balance of any Collateral Loan that is not an Eligible Collateral Loan as of such date of determination shall be zero. 
 Administrative Agent has the meaning assigned to such term in the introduction to this Agreement. 
 Administrative Expense Cap means, for any Payment Date, an amount not to exceed 200,000 for any twelve (12) month period. 

Administrative Expenses means the fees and expenses (including indemnities) and other amounts of the Borrower due or accrued with respect to any Payment Date and payable in the following order 
 (a) first , to the Collateral Agent, the Custodian and the Securities Intermediary, any amounts and indemnities payable to such entities pursuant to the Facility Documents and 
 (b) second , on a pro rata basis, to 
 (i) the Independent Accountants, agents (other than the Servicer) and outside counsel of the Borrower for fees and expenses related to the Collateral and the Facility Documents and to the Independent Manager of the Borrower for its fees and expenses incurred in acting in such capacity and 
 (ii) to any rating agency for fees and expenses in connection with the rating of (or provision of credit estimates in respect of) any Collateral Loan. 
 Advance means each loan advanced by each Lender to the Borrower on a Borrowing Date pursuant to Article II. 
 Advance Rate means, with respect to any Collateral Loan, the percentage set forth in the below table corresponding to the Loan Type and Sub-Category of such Collateral Loan, subject to the exceptions and adjustments set forth immediately following such table 
 Loan Type that are not Recurring Revenue Loans Sub-Category Advance Rate First Lien BSLs 
 75 Second Lien BSLs 
 45 First Lien Middle Market Loans 
 whose Obligors have an EBITDA of greater than 25,000,000 (as of the date such Collateral Loan is acquired) 70 First Lien Middle Market Loans 
 whose Obligors have an EBITDA of less than or equal to 25,000,000 (as of the date such Collateral Loan is acquired) 65 Second Lien Middle Market Loans 
 30 First Lien Last Out Loans 
 First Lien Last Out Category A Loans 60 First Lien Last Out Loans 
 First Lien Last Out Category B Loans 50 First Lien Last Out Loans 
 First Lien Last Out Category C Loans 45 
 Notwithstanding the percentages set forth in the preceding table 
 (a) the Advance Rate of any First Lien Middle Market Loan with a Paid Senior Net Leverage Ratio exceeding the First Lien Senior Leverage Cut-Off will be a blended rate, calculated as follows 
 (i) the portion of such First Lien Middle Market Loan with a Paid Senior Net Leverage Ratio up to the First Lien Senior Leverage Cut-Off will be 
 -2- 

assigned the percentage set forth in the preceding table corresponding to First Lien Middle Market Loans of the Sub-Category applicable to such Collateral Loan 
 (ii) the portion of such First Lien Middle Market Loan with a Paid Senior Net Leverage Ratio above the First Lien Senior Leverage Cut-Off up to the First Lien Senior Leverage Cap will be assigned an Advance Rate of 40 and 
 (iii) the portion of such First Lien Middle Market Loan with a Paid Senior Net Leverage Ratio above the First Lien Senior Leverage Cap will be assigned an Advance Rate of zero 
 (b) for the purposes of determining Advance Rates, the Paid Senior Net Leverage Ratio of a Collateral Loan will be determined as of the date such Collateral Loan is acquired 
 (c) if such Collateral Loan is a Cap Adjusted Loan, the Administrative Agent may further increase the Advance Rate otherwise applicable to such Collateral Loan in its sole discretion and 
 (d) if such Collateral Loan is a First Lien Loan or a First Lien Last Out Loan that is a Recurring Revenue Loan, the Administrative Agent will assign an Advance Rate in its sole discretion. 
 Affected Person means (a) the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each of their respective Affiliates and (b) any assignee or participant of any Lender (unless the benefit of any particular provision hereof to any such Affected Person is otherwise expressly excluded herein). 
 Affiliate means, in respect of a referenced Person at any time, another Person Controlling, Controlled by or under common Control with such referenced Person but which shall not, with respect to the Borrower, include the obligors under any Collateral Loan provided that (a) an obligor will not be considered an Affiliate of any other obligor solely due to the fact that each such obligor is under the control of the same financial sponsor and (b) obligors in respect of Collateral Obligations shall be deemed not to be Affiliates if they have distinct corporate family ratings and or distinct issuer credit ratings. The Borrower will be deemed to have no Affiliates. 
 Agents means, collectively, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. 
 Aggregate Adjusted Collateral Balance means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the sum of the Adjusted Principal Balances of all Collateral Loans in the Collateral (including each potential Collateral Loan that the Borrower has entered into a binding commitment to purchase that has not yet settled) on such date, after giving effect to all Collateral Loans added to and removed from the Collateral on such date. 
 Aggregate Funded Spread means, as of any date, the sum of 
 (a) in the case of each Floating Rate Loan (excluding any Floor Loan) that bears interest at a spread over an index (including any London interbank offered rate based index), (i) the excess of the sum of such spread and such index over LIBOR the Benchmark as then in effect (which spread or excess may be expressed as a negative percentage) multiplied by (ii) the Principal Balance of such Collateral Loan and 
 -3- 

(b) in the case of each Floor Loan, (i) the excess of the interest rate on such Floor Loan as of such date over LIBOR the Benchmark as then in effect (which spread or excess may be expressed as a negative percentage) multiplied by (ii) the Principal Balance of each such Collateral Loan. 
 Aggregate Net Collateral Balance means, as of any date of determination, the Aggregate Adjusted Collateral Balance minus the Excess Concentration Amount, in each case, as of such date of determination. 
 Aggregate Principal Balance means, when used with respect to all or a portion of the Collateral Loans, the sum of the Principal Balances of all or of such portion of such Collateral Loans. 
 Aggregate Tranche A Net Collateral Balance means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the portion of the Aggregate Net Collateral Balance allocable to Tranche A Collateral Loans as of such date of determination (including each potential Tranche A Collateral Loan that the Borrower has entered into a binding commitment to purchase that has not yet settled). 
 Aggregate Tranche B Net Collateral Balance means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the portion of the Aggregate Net Collateral Balance allocable to Tranche B Collateral Loans as of such date of determination (including each potential Tranche B Collateral Loan that the Borrower has entered into a binding commitment to purchase that has not yet settled). 
 Aggregate Tranche C Net Collateral Balance means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the portion of the Aggregate Net Collateral Balance allocable to Tranche C Collateral Loans as of such date of determination (including each potential Tranche C Collateral Loan that the Borrower has entered into a binding commitment to purchase that has not yet settled). 
 Agreement means this Revolving Credit and Security Agreement. 
 Applicable Law means, for any Person, any Law of any Governmental Authority, including all federal and state banking or securities laws, to which the Person in question is subject or by which it or any of its assets or properties are bound. 
 Applicable Margin has the meaning assigned to such term in the Lender Fee Letter. 
 Appraisal means an appraisal of a Collateral Loan that is conducted by an Approved Appraisal Firm, which may be in the form of an update or reaffirmation by an Approved Appraisal Firm of an appraisal previously performed by such Approved Appraisal Firm or another Approved Appraisal Firm. 
 Approval Request has the meaning specified in Section 2.02 hereof. 
 Approved Appraisal Firm means Lincoln International LLC (f k a Lincoln Partners LLC), Valuation Research Corporation, Alvarez & Marsal, Duff & Phelps, Houlihan Lokey, Murray Devine, FTI Consulting and any appraisal or valuation firm providing such service to Blackstone GSO Secured Lending Fund provided that any independent appraisal firm or independent financial advisor recognized as being experienced in conducting valuations of secured loans may be added as an Approved Appraisal Firm with the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not the be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned). 
 -4- 

Approved List has the meaning specified in Section 2.02 hereof. 
 Asset Information means, with respect to any Obligor, in each case to the extent available to the Borrower and subject to any redactions required by the Servicer s internal policies and procedures (it being understood that to the extent any of the information described in any of the following is contained in the Servicer s internal credit memo described in clause (d) below, such information need not be separately represented by any document or file and shall for all purposes of this Agreement be deemed delivered upon delivery of such internal credit memo) (a) the legal name of such Obligor, (b) the jurisdiction in which such Obligor is domiciled, (c) the audited financial statements for the two prior fiscal years of such Obligor (or such shorter period of time for which such audited financial statements have been prepared and are available), (d) the Servicer s internal credit memo with respect to such Obligor and the related Collateral Loan, (e) the informational memorandum, offering memorandum or similar document, if any, issued by the bookrunner or the administrative agent for such Obligor and relating to such Collateral Loan, (f) a company forecast of such Obligor including plans related to capital expenditures, (g) the business model, company strategy and names of known peers of such Obligor, (h) the shareholding pattern and details of the management team of such Obligor, (i) details of any banking facilities and the debt maturity schedule of such Obligor, (j) the Moody s RiskCalc rating output for the related Collateral Loan and (k) a copy of the related credit agreement (which may be a draft) specifying the terms and governing the repayment of such Collateral Loan. 
 Assignment and Acceptance means an Assignment and Acceptance in substantially the form of Exhibit D, entered into by a Lender, an assignee, the Administrative Agent and, if applicable, the Borrower. 
 AUP Report Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.09. 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union (as amended or re-enacted) establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, the relevant implementing law or regulation for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. For the purposes of this definition, a reference to regulation includes any regulation, rule, official directive, request or guideline (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency, department or of any regulatory, self-regulatory or other authority or organisation. 
 Bankruptcy Code means the United States Bankruptcy Code, Title 11, United States Code 101 et seq., or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. 
 Base Rate means, on any date, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Prime Rate or (b) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50 . The Base Rate is a reference rate and does not necessarily represent the lowest or best rate actually charged to any customer of any Agent or any Lender. Interest calculated pursuant to clause (a) above will be determined based on a year of 365 or 366 days, as applicable, and actual days elapsed. Interest calculated pursuant to clause (b) above will be determined based on a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed. If the calculation of the Base Rate results in a Base Rate of less than zero (0), the Base Rate shall be deemed to be zero (0) for all purposes hereunder. 
 -5- 

Benchmark means, initially, LIBOR the Term SOFR Reference Rate provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event , a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have has occurred with respect to such Applicable Index the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause b) or clause (c a of Section 2.18. 
 BNP has the meaning assigned to such term in the introduction to this Agreement. 
 BNP Fee Letter means that certain fee letter, dated as of April 13, 2020, by and among BNP, the Borrower and the Servicer. 
 BNP Upfront Fee Letter means that certain fee letter, dated as of October 5, 2021, by and among BNP, the Borrower and the Servicer. 
 Borrower has the meaning assigned to such term in the introduction to this Agreement. 
 Borrowing Base means, at any time, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the amounts in the Principal Collection Subaccount, (ii) the product of (x) the Weighted Average Advance Rate (excluding the Sale Settlement Pending Collateral from the calculation of the Weighted Average Advance Rate) as of such date, (y) the Portfolio Advance Rate Adjustment as of such date and (z) the Aggregate Net Collateral Balance as of such date (excluding the Sale Settlement Pending Collateral from the calculation of the Aggregate Net Collateral Balance) and (iii) the aggregate sale price (expressed in Dollars) of the Sale Settlement Pending Collateral. 
 Borrowing Base Calculation Statement means a statement in substantially the form attached to the form of Notice of Borrowing attached hereto as Exhibit B, as such form of Borrowing Base Calculation Statement may be modified as mutually agreed by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower from time to time. 
 Borrowing Date means the date of an Advance. 
 Broadly Syndicated Loan means a Collateral Loan that (a) is a syndicated commercial loan, (b) has an Initial Tranche Size of 250,000,000 or greater (without consideration of reductions thereon from scheduled amortization payments), and (c) is rated (or will be rated) by S&P or Moody s (or the related Obligor for such Collateral Loan is rated by S&P or Moody s). 
 Business Day means (a) any day of the year except (a) a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City or the city in which the offices of the Collateral Agent are located are authorized or required by law to close and or (b) if such any day relates to any an interest rate setting as to an Advance determined by reference to LIBOR, any day on which banks are not open for dealings in Dollars in the London interbank market. Term SOFR Reference Rate, a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
 Cap Adjusted Loan means a Collateral Loan that is a First Lien Middle Market Loan that the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, has determined shall be subject to the higher First Lien Senior Leverage Cap when calculating its Advance Rate, including a Collateral Loan meeting all of the following criteria 
 -6- 

(a) any Collateral Loan the relevant Obligor of which has EBITDA of greater than 50,000,000 as calculated in accordance with the Related Documents as of the Trade Date of such Collateral Loan 
 (b) any Collateral Loan the relevant Obligor of which had a trailing 12-month revenue of greater than 100,000,000 
 (c) any Collateral Loan with a loan-to-value ratio of less than 50 and 
 (d) any Collateral Loan the relevant Obligor of which has a Debt Service Coverage Ratio that is greater than 2.00 1.00. 
 Cash means Dollars immediately available on the day in question. 
 Cash Interest Coverage Ratio means, with respect to any Collateral Loan for any Relevant Test Period, the meaning of Cash Interest Coverage Ratio, Pro Forma Cash Interest Coverage Ratio or any comparable term in the Related Documents for such Collateral Loan, and in any case that Cash Interest Coverage Ratio, Pro Forma Cash Interest Coverage Ratio or such comparable term is not defined in such Related Documents, the ratio, for such Collateral Loan, of (a) EBITDA for the Relevant Test Period, to (b) interest for the Relevant Test Period, in each case, as calculated by the Servicer in accordance with the Servicing Standard. 
 Certificated Security has the meaning specified in Section 8-102(a)(4) of the UCC. 
 Change in Law means (a) the adoption of any law, rule or regulation after the Closing Date, (b) any change in any law, rule or regulation or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the Closing Date or (c) compliance by any Lender (or, for purposes of Section 2.10(b), by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lender s holding company, if any) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the Closing Date provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in implementation thereof and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law hereunder regardless of the date of effectiveness. 
 Change of Control means an event or series of events by which (A) the Equityholder or its Affiliates, collectively, (i) shall cease to possess, directly or indirectly, the right to elect or appoint (through contract, ownership of voting securities, or otherwise) managers that at all times have a majority of the votes of the board of managers (or similar governing body) of the Borrower or to direct the management policies and decisions of the Borrower or (ii) shall cease, directly or indirectly, to own and control legally and beneficially all of the equity interests of the Borrower or (B) GSO Asset Management LLC or its Affiliates shall cease to be the investment advisor of the Equityholder. 
 Clearing Agency means an organization registered as a clearing agency pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act. 
 Clearing Corporation means each entity included within the meaning of clearing corporation under Section 8-102(a)(5) of the UCC. 
 -7- 

Clearing Corporation Security means securities which are in the custody of or maintained on the books of a Clearing Corporation or a nominee subject to the control of a Clearing Corporation and, if they are Certificated Securities in registered form, properly endorsed to or registered in the name of the Clearing Corporation or such nominee. 
 CLO Securities means notes or similar securities secured principally by a portfolio of collateral that includes all or a material portion of the Collateral. 
 CLO Takeout Date means the day on which the Borrower (A) issues (or co-issues) CLO Securities or (B) with the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, sells all or a material portion of the Collateral to a Person that issues (or co-issues) or intends to issue (or co-issue), CLO Securities provided that, in either case, the date of such CLO Takeout will be confirmed in writing to the Borrower, the Lenders, the Equityholder and the Servicer by the Administrative Agent. 
 Closing Date means December 21, 2018. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Collateral has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.01(a). 
 Collateral Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.02(a)(i). 
 Collateral Agent has the meaning assigned to such term in the introduction to this Agreement. 
 Collateral Agent Fee Letter means the fee letter between the Collateral Agent and the Borrower setting forth the fees and other amounts payable by the Borrower to the Collateral Agent under the Facility Documents, in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 
 Collateral Interest Amount means, as of any date of determination, without duplication, the sum of (a) the aggregate amount of Interest Proceeds that has been received or that is expected to be received (other than Interest Proceeds expected to be received from Defaulted Collateral Loans and Ineligible Collateral Loans) and (b) the aggregate amount of Interest Proceeds that the Servicer has determined, in accordance with the Servicing Standard, are likely to be received from Defaulted Collateral Loans and Ineligible Collateral Loans, in each case, during the Collection Period (and, if such Collection Period does not end on a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day) in which such date of determination occurs. 
 Collateral Loan means a loan, debt obligation, debt security or participation therein acquired by the Borrower. For the avoidance of doubt, any loan, debt obligation, debt security or participation therein acquired by the Borrower by operation of a Macomb Merger shall be a Collateral Loan. 
 Collateral Loan Buy Confirmation means with respect to any Collateral Loan, documentation evidencing, in reasonable detail, the Borrower s acquisition of such Collateral Loan, and which shall identify at least the obligor, price and the Principal Balance of such Collateral Loan. 
 Collection Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.02(a)(ii) and includes the Principal Collection Subaccount and the Interest Collection Subaccount. 
 -8- 

Collection Date means the date on which the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Advances have been repaid in full and all Interest and fees and all other Obligations (other than contingent indemnification and reimbursement obligations which are unknown, unmatured and or for which no claim giving rise thereto has been asserted) have been paid in full, and the Borrower shall have no further right to request any additional Advances. 
 Collection Period means, with respect to any Payment Date, the quarterly period from and including the date on which the first Advance is made hereunder to but excluding the first Collection Period Start Date following the date of such Advance and each successive quarterly period from and including a Collection Period Start Date to but excluding the immediately succeeding Collection Period Start Date or, in the case of the Collection Period immediately preceding the Final Maturity Date or the Collection Period immediately preceding an optional prepayment in whole of the Advances, ending on the day preceding the Final Maturity Date or the date of such prepayment, respectively. 
 Collection Period Start Date means the first calendar day of March, June, September and December of each year (or, if any such date is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day), commencing in June 2019. 
 Collections means all cash collections, distributions, payments or other amounts received, or to be received, by the Borrower from any Person in respect of any Collateral Loan constituting Collateral, including all principal, interest, fees, distributions and redemption and withdrawal proceeds payable to the Borrower under or in connection with any such Collateral Loans and all Proceeds from any sale or disposition of any such Collateral Loans. 
 Commitment means, as to each Lender on any date of determination, the obligation of such Lender to make, on and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, Advances to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01 in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding for such Lender up to but not exceeding the amount applicable to such Lender on such date of determination as specified on Schedule 1 or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Commitment, as applicable, as such amount may be reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.07 or increased or reduced from time to time pursuant to assignments effected in accordance with Section 13.06(a). 
 Commitment Excess means, as to each Lender, the amount, as of any date of determination, by which (x) the aggregate principal amount of Advances of such Lender that remains outstanding exceeds (y) such Lender s Commitment as of such date. 
 Commitment Fees has the meaning assigned to such term in the Lender Fee Letter. 
 Commitment Reduction Fee has the meaning assigned to such term in the Lender Fee Letter. 
 Commitment Termination Date means the last day of the Reinvestment Period. 
 Concentration Calculation Amount means the greater of (a) 50 of the Maximum Portfolio Amount and (b) the Aggregate Adjusted Collateral Balance (after giving effect to any proposed purchase of Collateral Loans). 
 Concentration Limitations means, as of any date of determination, the following limitations (calculated without duplication) as applied to the Eligible Collateral Loans owned (or, in relation to a proposed purchase of a Collateral Loan, proposed to be owned, with respect to which, if such purchase results in noncompliance with the limitations, the relevant requirements 
 -9- 

must be maintained or improved after giving effect to the purchase) by the Borrower, unless a waiver is provided in writing by the Administrative Agent specifying the agreed treatment of such Collateral Loan or Concentration Limitation 
 (c) not more than 45.00 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of First Lien Last Out Category B Loans, First Lien Last Out Category C Loans and Second Lien BSLs 
 (d) not more than 20.00 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of Second Lien BSLs 
 (e) not more than 30.00 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of Cov-Lite Loans that are not First Lien BSLs 
 (f) not less than 90.00 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of Collateral Loans denominated in Dollars 
 (g) not less than 90.00 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of Collateral Loans whose Obligors have a principal place of business in or are organized or incorporated in the United States 
 (h) reserved 
 (i) not more than 5.00 of the Maximum Portfolio Amount may consist of Collateral Loans that are issued to any Obligor and its Affiliates, except that up to 7.00 of the Maximum Portfolio Amount may consist of Collateral Loans that are issued to the three largest Obligors and their respective Affiliates 
 (j) not more than 15.00 of the Maximum Portfolio Amount may consist of Collateral Loans that are issued by Obligors and their Affiliates that belong to any single S&P Industry Classification, except that (i) up to 30.00 may consist of Collateral Loans with Obligors and their Affiliates in the largest S&P Industry Classification, (ii) up to 20.00 may consist of Collateral Loans with Obligors and their Affiliates in the second largest S&P Industry Classification and (iii) up to 10.00 may consist of Collateral Loans with Obligors and their Affiliates in the S&P Industry Classification of Oil, Gas & Consumable Fuels 
 (k) not more than 10.00 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of Fixed Rate Loans 
 (l) not more than 10.00 of the Maximum Portfolio Amount may consist of Collateral Loans where the majority owner of the related Obligor is an Affiliate of the Servicer or the Equityholder 
 (m) not more than 20.00 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of Cap Adjusted Loans 
 (n) not more than 10.00 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of PIK Loans and 
 (o) not more than 20.00 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of Recurring Revenue Loans. 
 -10- 

Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption, or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Accrual Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period ), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing request or prepayment, conversion or continuance notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of any breakage payments under Section 2.11 and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practices (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of the Agreement and the other Facility Documents). 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Constituent Documents means, in respect of any Person, the certificate or articles of formation or organization, the limited liability company agreement, operating agreement, partnership agreement, joint venture agreement or other applicable agreement of formation or organization (or equivalent or comparable constituent documents) and other organizational documents and by-laws and any certificate of incorporation, certificate of formation, certificate of limited partnership and other agreement, similar instrument filed or made in connection with its formation or organization, in each case, as the same may be amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Control means the direct or indirect possession of the power to vote 50 or more of the voting securities of such Person or the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through ownership, by contract, arrangement or understanding, or otherwise. Controlled and Controlling have the meaning correlative thereto. 
 Cov-Lite Loan means a Collateral Loan that does not (I) contain any financial covenants or (II) require the related Obligor of such Collateral Loan to comply with any maintenance covenant provided that a Collateral Loan described in clause (I) or (II) above which either (i) contains a cross-default provision to, or (ii) is pari passu with, another loan of the Obligor that requires the Obligor to comply with a maintenance covenant will be deemed not to be a Cov-Lite Loan provided further that any Collateral Loan for which the related Obligor has an EBITDA on a consolidated basis of greater than or equal to 100,000,000 (as of the relevant determination date) will not be deemed a Cov-Lite Loan unless the Administrative Agent determines in connection with its approval of such Collateral Loan that such Collateral Loan should be treated as a Cov-Lite Loan. 
 Coverage Test means each of (a) the Minimum OC Coverage Test and (b) the Interest Coverage Ratio Test. 
 Covered Account means each of the Collection Accounts (including the Interest Collection Subaccount and Principal Collection Subaccount therein), the Payment Account, the Collateral Account and the Revolving Reserve Account. 
 -11- 

Custodian means Wells Fargo, and any successor thereto under the Custodian Agreement. 
 Custodian Agreement means that certain Custodian Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Custodian, the Borrower and the Collateral Agent. 
 Data File has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.07(a). 
 Debt Service Coverage Ratio means, with respect to any Collateral Loan for any Relevant Test Period, the meaning of Debt Service Coverage Ratio, Pro Forma Debt Service Coverage Ratio or any comparable term in the Related Documents for such Collateral Loan, and in any case that Debt Service Coverage Ratio, Pro Forma Debt Service Coverage Ratio or such comparable term is not defined in such Related Documents, the ratio, for such Collateral Loan, of (a) EBITDA of the related Obligor for the Relevant Test Period to (b) cash interest expense of such Obligor for the Relevant Test Period, in each case, as calculated by the Servicer in good faith using information from and calculations consistent with the relevant compliance statements and financial reporting packages provided by the relevant Obligor as per the requirements of the applicable Related Documents. 
 Default means any event which, with the passage of time, the giving of notice, or both, would (if not cured or otherwise remedied during such time) constitute an Event of Default. 
 Defaulted Collateral Loan means any Collateral Loan as to which at any time 
 (p) a default as to all or any portion of one or more payments of principal and or interest (including a failure of a selling institution to pay amounts due and payable to the Borrower with respect to the related participation) has occurred after the earlier of (i) any grace period applicable thereto and (ii) five (5) Business Days, in each case, past the applicable due date 
 (q) a default (other than a default described in clause (a) of this definition) has occurred under the applicable Related Documents and for which the Borrower (or the agent or required lenders pursuant to the applicable Related Documents, as applicable) has elected to exercise any of its rights or remedies under the applicable Related Documents (including acceleration, foreclosing on collateral or the imposition of default pricing) 
 (r) any portion of principal and or interest payable thereunder has been waived or forgiven by the holders of such obligation or 
 (s) a Revaluation Event under clauses (b) or (f) of the definition thereof has occurred. 
 Defaulting Lender means, at any time, any Lender that (a) has failed for three (3) or more Business Days after a Borrowing Date to fund its portion of an Advance required pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (other than failures to fund as a result of a bona fide dispute as to whether the conditions to borrowing were satisfied on the relevant Borrowing Date), (b) has notified the Borrower or the Administrative Agent in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund an Advance hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, 
 -12- 

within three (3) Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower) or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code or any other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, receivership, insolvency, reorganization or similar debtor relief laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdiction, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgment or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error. 
 Delayed Drawdown Collateral Loan means a Collateral Loan that (a) requires the Borrower to make one or more future advances to the Obligor under the applicable Related Documents, (b) specifies a maximum amount that can be borrowed on one or more fixed borrowing dates, and (c) does not permit the re-borrowing of any amount previously repaid by the Obligor thereunder provided that any such Collateral Loan will be a Delayed Drawdown Collateral Loan only to the extent of undrawn commitments and solely until all commitments by the Borrower to make advances on such Collateral Loan to the Obligor under the Related Documents expire or are terminated or are reduced to zero. 
 Deliver or Delivered or Delivery means the taking of the following steps 
 (t) in the case of each Instrument, causing the Securities Intermediary to maintain continuous possession of such Instrument 
 (u) in the case of each Certificated Security (other than a Clearing Corporation Security) 
 (i) causing the delivery of such Certificated Security to the Securities Intermediary by registering the same in the name of the Securities Intermediary or its affiliated nominee or by endorsing the same to the Securities Intermediary in blank 
 (ii) causing the Securities Intermediary to indicate continuously on its books and records that such Certificated Security is credited to the applicable Covered Account and 
 (iii) causing the Securities Intermediary to maintain continuous possession of such Certificated Security 
 -13- 

(v) in the case of each Uncertificated Security (other than a Clearing Corporation Security) 
 (i) causing such Uncertificated Security to be continuously registered on the books of the issuer thereof to the Securities Intermediary and 
 (ii) causing the Securities Intermediary to continuously indicate on its books and records that such Uncertificated Security is credited to the applicable Covered Account 
 (w) in the case of each Clearing Corporation Security 
 (i) causing the relevant Clearing Corporation to credit such Clearing Corporation Security to the securities account of the Securities Intermediary and 
 (ii) causing the Securities Intermediary to continuously indicate on its books and records that such Clearing Corporation Security is credited to the applicable Covered Account 
 (x) in the case of each security issued or guaranteed by the United States of America or an agency or instrumentality thereof and that is maintained in book-entry records of a Federal Reserve Bank FRB (each such security a Government Security 
 (i) causing the creation of a Security Entitlement to such Government Security by the credit of such Government Security to the securities account of the Securities Intermediary at such FRB and 
 (ii) causing the Securities Intermediary to continuously indicate on its books and records that such Government Security is credited to the applicable Covered Account 
 (y) in the case of each Security Entitlement not governed by clauses (a) through (e) above 
 (i) causing a Securities Intermediary (x) to indicate on its books and records that the underlying Financial Asset has been credited to the appropriate Covered Account, (y) to receive a Financial Asset from a Securities Intermediary or to acquire the underlying Financial Asset from a Securities Intermediary, and in either case, accepting it for credit to the appropriate Covered Account or (z) to become obligated under other law, regulation or rule to credit the underlying Financial Asset to a Securities Intermediary s securities account 
 (ii) causing such Securities Intermediary to make entries on its books and records continuously identifying such Security Entitlement as belonging to the Custodian and continuously indicating on its books and records that such Security Entitlement is credited to one of the Covered Accounts, which shall at all times be securities accounts and 
 (iii) causing the Securities Intermediary to continuously indicate on its books and records that such Security Entitlement (or all rights and property of the Securities Intermediary representing such Security Entitlement) is credited to the applicable Covered Account 
 -14- 

(z) in the case of Cash or Money 
 (i) causing the delivery of such Cash or Money to the Securities Intermediary 
 (ii) causing the Securities Intermediary to credit such Cash or Money to a securities account (as defined in Section 8-501(a) of the UCC), which may be a subaccount of the applicable Covered Account, in accordance with Article 9 of the UCC, pursuant to agreement by the Securities Intermediary to treat such Cash or Money as a Financial Asset and 
 (iii) causing the Securities Intermediary to continuously indicate on its books and records that such Cash or Money so held is credited to the applicable Covered Account 
 (aa) with respect to such of the Collateral as constitutes an account or a general intangible or is not otherwise described in the foregoing clauses (a) through (g), causing to be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a properly completed UCC financing statement that names the Borrower as debtor and the Collateral Agent as secured party and that describes such Collateral (which financing statement may have been previously filed) or any equivalent filing in any applicable jurisdiction or 
 (ab) in the case of each of clauses (a) through (h) above, such additional or alternative procedures as may hereafter become appropriate to perfect the security interest granted to the Collateral Agent hereunder in such items of the Collateral, consistent with Applicable Law. 
 In addition, the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower will obtain any and all consents required by the Related Documents relating to any Instruments, accounts or general intangibles for the transfer of ownership and or pledge hereunder (except to the extent that the requirement for such consent is rendered ineffective under Section 9-406 of the UCC). 
 Determination Date means the last day of each Collection Period. 
 Diversity Score means, as of any day, a single number that indicates collateral concentration in terms of both issuer and industry concentration, calculated as set forth in Schedule 7 hereto, as such Diversity Scores shall be updated at the option of the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion if Moody s publishes revised criteria. 
 Dollars and mean lawful money of the United States of America. 
 Due Date means each date on which any payment is due on a Collateral Loan in accordance with its terms. 
 EBITDA means, with respect to any Relevant Test Period and any Collateral Loan, the meaning of the term Adjusted EBITDA, the term EBITDA or any comparable definition in the Related Documents for such period and Collateral Loan (or, in the case of a Collateral Loan for which the Related Documents have not been executed, as set forth in the relevant marketing materials or financial model in respect of such Collateral Loan) as determined in the good faith discretion of the Servicer, and, in any case that the term Adjusted EBITDA, the term EBITDA or such comparable definition is not defined in such Related Documents, an amount, for the principal Obligor thereunder and any of its parents or subsidiaries that are obligated as guarantor pursuant to the Related Documents for such Collateral Loan (determined on a consolidated basis without duplication in accordance with GAAP (and also on a pro forma 
 -15- 

basis as determined in good faith by the Servicer in case of any acquisitions)) equal to earnings from continuing operations for such period plus interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization for such period, other non-cash charges and organization costs, extraordinary, one-time and or non-recurring losses or charges, any other customary add-backs for similarly situated obligors the Servicer deems to be appropriate and any other item the Servicer and the Administrative Agent mutually deem to be appropriate. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any body which has authority to exercise any Write-down and Conversion Powers. 
 Eligible Collateral Loan means, as of any date of determination, a Collateral Loan that meets each of the following criteria 
 (ac) is (i) a First Lien BSL, (ii) a First Lien Middle Market Loan, (iii) a Second Lien Middle Market Loan, (iv) a Second Lien BSL or (v) a First Lien Last Out Loan 
 (ad) except in the case of a Recurring Revenue Loan, for which the related Obligor has a minimum EBITDA of 15,000,000 at origination 
 (ae) reserved 
 (af) was acquired by the Borrower for a price of not less than 80 of its Principal Balance 
 (ag) is denominated in a Permitted Currency and does not permit the currency or country in which such Collateral Loan is payable to be changed except to another Permitted Currency 
 (ah) the relevant Obligor s main place of business and or incorporation and or headquarters are in an Eligible Country 
 (ai) the Related Documents for such Collateral Loan are governed by the laws of the United States or Canada 
 (aj) is not a Defaulted Collateral Loan at the time of acquisition by the Borrower 
 (ak) is not a credit linked note or a single purpose real estate loan 
 (al) is scheduled to pay interest semi-annually or more frequently, with a minimum cash interest spread (after any withholding taxes levied and any PIK Toggle exercised) of at least 3.5 
 -16- 

(am) does not constitute Margin Stock and is not by its terms convertible into or exchangeable for an equity security at the option of either the Borrower thereof or the holder, and does not have attached warrants to purchase equity securities 
 (an) is not an obligation pursuant to which any future advances or payments to the Obligor may be required to be made by the Borrower, including Revolving Collateral Loans and Delayed Drawdown Collateral Loans, unless such future funding requirements are covered by either cash reserves or available amounts under the Facility Documents 
 (ao) has an original term to maturity of not more than eight (8.0) years 
 (ap) has been approved by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion 
 (aq) permits the pledge to the Collateral Agent by the Borrower 
 (ar) provides for payments that do not, at the time the obligation is acquired, subject to the Borrower to withholding tax or other similar taxes, unless the related Obligor is required to make gross-up payments that ensure that the net amount actually received by the Borrower (after payment of all taxes, whether imposed on such Obligor or the Borrower) will equal the full amount that the Borrower would have received had no such taxes been imposed 
 (as) it is capable of being sold, assigned or participated to the Borrower, together with any associated security, without any breach of applicable selling restrictions, any contractual provisions or any legal or regulatory requirements and the Borrower does not require any authorizations, consents, approvals or filings (other than such as have been obtained or effected) as a result of or in connection with any such sale, assignment or participation under any Applicable Law 
 (at) is not subject to a tender offer from the related Obligor other than (A) a Permitted Offer or (B) an exchange offer in which a security is exchanged for a security that would otherwise qualify for purchase herein 
 (au) is not a Structured Finance Obligation, a Zero Coupon Obligation or a Synthetic Security 
 (av) is not a corporate rescue loan, unsecured senior loan or Mezzanine Obligation 
 (aw) is not a project, shipping aircraft or infrastructure construction financings 
 (ax) for which the relevant the Obligor of such Collateral Loan is not a Governmental Authority 
 (ay) for which the Obligor of such Collateral Loan is not a commodity trader and producer, oil field services company or other entity highly exposed to commodity price volume risk 
 (az) for which the relevant Obligor is not operating, domiciled or having business in a country subject to Sanctions 
 (ba) is not a lease and 
 -17- 

(bb) will not cause the Borrower or the pool of assets to be required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act 
 provided that the Administrative Agent may agree in writing to specifically waive any of the requirements set forth above with respect to any single Collateral Loan (it being understood that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to provide any such waiver under any circumstances), including any waiver of any requirement for a Recurring Revenue Loan contained in the definition thereof, and upon such waiver, such waived requirements shall be deemed not to be part of the eligibility requirement with respect to such Collateral Loan. 
 Eligible Country means (a) the United States or (b) OECD countries with a country ceiling for foreign currency bonds of at least Aa2 by Moody s and a foreign currency issuer credit rating of at least AA by S&P. 
 Eligible Investments means any Dollar investment that, at the time it is Delivered, is Cash or one or more of the following obligations or securities 
 (bc) direct interest bearing obligations of, and interest bearing obligations guaranteed as to timely payment of principal and interest by, the United States or any agency or instrumentality of the United States, the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States 
 (bd) demand or time deposits in, certificates of deposit of, bank deposit products, demand notes of, or bankers acceptances issued by any depository institution or trust company organized under the laws of the United States or any State thereof (including any federal or state branch or agency of a foreign depository institution or trust company) and subject to supervision and examination by federal and or state banking authorities (including, if applicable, the Collateral Agent, the Custodian or the Administrative Agent or any agent thereof acting in its commercial capacity) provided that the short-term unsecured debt obligations of such depository institution or trust company at the time of such investment, or contractual commitment providing for such investment, are rated at least A-1 by S&P and P-1 by Moody s 
 (be) commercial paper that (i) is payable in Dollars and (ii) is rated at least A-1 by S&P and P-1 by Moody s and 
 (bf) units of money market funds having a rating of the Highest Required Investment Category from each of S&P and Moody s. 
 No Eligible Investment shall have an f, r, p, pi, q, sf or t subscript affixed to its S&P rating. Any such investment may be made or acquired from or through the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent or any of their respective Affiliates, or any entity for whom the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent, the Custodian or any of their respective Affiliates provides services and receives compensation (so long as such investment otherwise meets the applicable requirements of the foregoing definition of Eligible Investment at the time of acquisition) or acts as offeror of provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing clauses (a) through (d), unless the Borrower and the Servicer have received the written advice of counsel of national reputation experienced in such matters to the contrary (together with an officer s certificate of the Borrower or the Servicer to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent that the advice specified in this definition has been received by the Borrower and the Servicer), Eligible Investments may only include obligations or securities that constitute cash equivalents for purposes of the rights and assets in paragraph (c)(8)(i)(B) of the exclusions from the definition of covered fund for purposes of the Volcker Rule. The Collateral Agent and Custodian shall have no obligation to determine or oversee compliance with the foregoing. 
 -18- 

Equity Security means any stock or similar security, certificate of interest or participation in any profit sharing agreement, reorganization certificate or subscription, transferable share, voting trust certificate or certificate of deposit for an equity security, limited partnership interest, interest in a joint venture, or certificate of interest in a business trust any security future on any such security or any security convertible, with or without consideration into such a security, or carrying any warrant or right to subscribe to or purchase such a security or any such warrant or right. 
 Equityholder has the meaning given to such term in the recitals. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder. 
 ERISA Event means (a) any reportable event, as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the thirty (30) day notice requirement is waived) (b) the failure with respect to any Plan to satisfy the minimum funding standard (as defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA) (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan (d) a determination that any Plan is, or is expected to be, in at risk status (as defined in Section 430 of the Code or Section 303 of ERISA) (e) the incurrence by the Borrower or any member of its ERISA Group of any material liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan (f) (i) the receipt by the Borrower or any member of its ERISA Group from the PBGC of a notice of determination that the PBGC intends to seek termination of any Plan or to have a trustee appointed for any Plan under Section 4041(c) of ERISA, or (ii) the filing by the Borrower or any member of its ERISA Group of a notice of intent to terminate any Plan (g) the incurrence by the Borrower or any member of its ERISA Group of any material liability (i) with respect to a Plan pursuant to Sections 4063 and 4064 of ERISA, (ii) with respect to a facility closing pursuant to Section 4062(e) of ERISA, or (iii) with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Multiemployer Plan (h) the receipt by the Borrower or any member of its ERISA Group of any notice concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, in endangered status or critical status, within the meaning of Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA or is or is expected to be insolvent, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA or (i) the failure of the Borrower or any member of its ERISA Group to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan, in each case that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 ERISA Group means each controlled group of corporations or trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated) under common control that is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) or, for purposes of ERISA Section 302 or Code Section 412, (m) or (o) of the Code with the Borrower. 
 Establishment means an establishment for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2015 848 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings (recast). 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the document described as the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 EU Retention Requirements means Article 6 of the Securitisation Regulation (together with any delegated regulations, applicable guidance, regulatory technical standards, or implementing technical standards made thereunder. 
 -19- 

Euros or means the lawful currency of the EEA Member Countries that have adopted and retain the single currency in accordance with the treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time. 
 Event of Default means the occurrence of any of the events, acts or circumstances set forth in Section 6.01. 
 Excess Concentration Amount means, as of any date of determination, in respect of which any one or more of the Concentration Limitations are exceeded, the portions (calculated by the Servicer and without duplication) of each Eligible Collateral Loan that cause such Concentration Limitations to be exceeded. 
 Excess Interest Proceeds means, at any time of determination, the excess of (1) amounts then on deposit in the Collateral Accounts representing Interest Proceeds over (2) the projected amount required to be paid pursuant to Section 9.01(a)(i)(A), (B), (C) and (D), on the next Payment Date, any prepayment date or the Final Maturity Date, as applicable, in each case, as determined by the Borrower in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, all as from time to time in effect, or any successor law, rules or regulations, and any reference to any statutory or regulatory provision shall be deemed to be a reference to any successor statutory or regulatory provision. 
 Excluded Amounts means (a) any amount received in the Collection Account with respect to any Collateral Loan included as part of the Collateral, which amount is attributable to the payment of any Taxes, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority on such Collateral Loan or on any underlying asset securing such Collateral Loan and (b) any amount received in the Collection Account (or other applicable account) representing (i) any amount representing a reimbursement of insurance premiums and (ii) any escrows relating to Taxes, insurance and other amounts in connection with Collateral Loans which are held in an escrow account for the benefit of the Obligor and the applicable secured party pursuant to escrow arrangements under a Related Document, to the extent such amount is attributable to a time after the effective date of such replacement or sale, in each case of clauses (a) and (b) to the extent paid on behalf of the Borrower from equity contributions. 
 Excluded Principal Distributions means Permitted Distributions of Principal Proceeds designated as Excluded Principal Distributions by mutual agreement of the Servicer and Administrative Agent. 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Secured Party or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Secured Party (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by a Secured Party s net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes imposed on a Secured Party, and branch profits Taxes imposed on a Secured Party, in each case, (i) by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the laws of which such Secured Party is organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable lending office is located or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of any Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender becomes a party hereto or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 13.03, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Secured Party s failure to comply with Section 13.03(g), and (d) U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
 -20- 

Expedited Notice of Borrowing has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.03(d). 
 Extension Request means a written request by the Borrower substantially in the form of Exhibit G to extend the Commitment Termination Date for an additional period of not greater than one year. 
 Facility Amount means (a) on or prior to the Commitment Termination Date, an amount equal to the Maximum Facility Amount (as such amount may be reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.07) and (b) following the Commitment Termination Date, the outstanding principal balance of all of the Advances. 
 Facility Documents means this Agreement, the Notes, the Account Control Agreement, the Collateral Agent Fee Letter, the Custodian Agreement, the Lender Fee Letter, the BNP Fee Letter, the Loan Sale Agreement and any other security agreements and other instruments entered into or delivered by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to Section 5.01(c) to create, perfect or otherwise evidence the Collateral Agent s security interest in the Collateral. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with) and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code. 
 Federal Funds Rate means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal for each day during such period to the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by federal funds brokers, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the next preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it provided that, if at any time a Lender is borrowing overnight funds from a Federal Reserve Bank that day, the Federal Funds Rate for such Lender for such day shall be the average rate per annum at which such overnight borrowings are made on that day as promptly reported by such Lender to the Borrower and the Agents in writing. Each determination of the Federal Funds Rate by a Lender pursuant to the foregoing proviso shall be conclusive and binding except in the case of manifest error. 
 Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 
 Fee Basis Amount means, for any Payment Date, an amount equal to the Aggregate Principal Balance. 
 Fifth Amendment Date means October 5, 2021. 
 Final Maturity Date means the earlier to occur of (i) the Business Day 24 months after the last day of the Reinvestment Period and (ii) the date on which the Final Maturity Date is declared pursuant to Section 6.01. 
 Final Order means an order, judgment, decree or ruling the operation or effect of which has not been stayed, reversed or amended and as to which order, judgment, decree or ruling (or any revision, modification or amendment thereof) the time to appeal or to seek review 
 -21- 

or rehearing has expired and as to which no appeal or petition for review or rehearing was filed or, if filed, remains pending. 
 Financial Asset has the meaning specified in Section 8-102(a)(9) of the UCC. 
 First Amendment Date means June 11, 2019. 
 First Lien BSL means a First Lien Loan that is a Broadly Syndicated Loan. 
 First Lien Last Out Category A Loan means a First Lien Last Out Loan where any tranches of First Lien Loans issued by the related Obligor which, at any time prior to and or after an event of default under the Related Documents, will be paid prior to the Collateral Loan in accordance with a specified waterfall or other priority of payments as specified in the Related Documents, an agreement among lenders or other applicable agreement are less than or equal to 25 of the aggregate principal amount of all first lien debt of such Obligor. 
 First Lien Last Out Category B Loan means a First Lien Last Out Loan where any tranches of First Lien Loans issued by the related Obligor which, at any time prior to and or after an event of default under the Related Documents, will be paid prior to the Collateral Loan in accordance with a specified waterfall or other priority of payments as specified in the Related Documents, an agreement among lenders or other applicable agreement are more than 25 of the aggregate principal amount of all first lien debt but less than or equal to 50 of the aggregate principal amount of all first lien debt of such Obligor. 
 First Lien Last Out Category C Loan means a First Lien Last Out Loan where any tranches of First Lien Loans issued by the related Obligor which, at any time prior to and or after an event of default under the Related Documents, will be paid prior to the Collateral Loan in accordance with a specified waterfall or other priority of payments as specified in the Related Documents, an agreement among lenders or other applicable agreement are greater than 50 of the aggregate principal amount of all first lien debt of such Obligor. 
 First Lien Last Out Loan means a Collateral Loan which would be a First Lien Loan but for the fact that at any time prior to and or after an event of default under the Related Documents, such Collateral Loan will be paid after one or more tranches of First Lien Loans issued by the Obligor have been paid in full in accordance with a specified waterfall or other priority of payments as specified in the Related Documents, an agreement among lenders or other applicable agreement. 
 First Lien Loan means any Collateral Loan (for purposes of this definition, a loan that meets the following criteria 
 (bg) is not (and is not expressly permitted by its terms to become) subordinate to any obligation of the obligor in any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation proceedings (other than pursuant to a Permitted Working Capital Lien and customary waterfall provisions contained in the applicable loan agreement or indenture) 
 (bh) is secured by a pledge of collateral, which security interest is (i) validly perfected and first priority under Applicable Law (subject to liens permitted under the applicable credit agreement that are reasonable for similar Collateral Loans, and liens accorded priority by law in favor of any Governmental Authority) or (ii)(1) validly perfected and second priority in the accounts, documents, instruments, chattel paper, letter-of-credit rights, supporting obligations, deposit accounts, investments accounts (as such terms are defined in the UCC) and any other assets securing any Working Capital 
 -22- 

Revolver under Applicable Law and proceeds of any of the foregoing (a first priority lien on such assets, a Permitted Working Capital Lien and (2) validly perfected and first priority (subject to liens permitted under the related underlying instruments that are reasonable and customary for similar Collateral Loans) in all other collateral under Applicable Law 
 (bi) the Servicer determines in good faith that the value of the collateral for such Collateral Loan (including based on enterprise value) on or about the time of acquisition equals or exceeds the outstanding principal balance of the Collateral Loan plus the aggregate outstanding balances of all other Collateral Loans of equal or higher seniority secured by a first priority Lien over the same collateral and 
 (bj) for which the Obligor of such loan and its Affiliates has been designated on the date such Collateral Loan was acquired by the Borrower as a First Lien Loan by the Administrative Agent. 
 First Lien Middle Market Loan means a First Lien Loan that is not a Broadly Syndicated Loan. 
 First Lien Senior Leverage Cap means, with respect to any Collateral Loan, a Paid Senior Net Leverage Ratio of 7.25 1.00 provided , that the First Lien Senior Leverage Cap for any Cap Adjusted Loan shall be 8.00 1.00. 
 First Lien Senior Leverage Cut-Off means, with respect to any Collateral Loan, a Paid Senior Net Leverage Ratio of 6.00 1.00. 
 Fixed Rate Loan means any Collateral Loan that bears a fixed rate of interest. 
 Floating Rate Loan means any Collateral Loan that bears a floating rate of interest. 
 Floor means a rate of interest equal to 0 . 
 Floor Loan means, as of any date 
 (bk) a Floating Rate Loan (i) for which the Related Documents provide for a Libor option and that such Libor is calculated as the greater of a specified floor rate per annum and the London interbank offered rate for the applicable interest period and (ii) that, as of such date, bears interest based on such Libor option, but only if as of such date the London interbank offered rate for the applicable interest period is less than such floor rate and 
 (bl) a Floating Rate Loan (i) for which the Related Documents provide for a base or prime rate option and such base or prime rate is calculated as the greater of a specified floor rate per annum and the base or prime rate for the applicable interest period and (ii) that, as of such date, bears interest based on such base or prime rate option, but only if as of such date the base or prime rate for the applicable interest period is less than such floor rate. 
 Foreign Lender means a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes. 
 Fourth Amendment Date means April 30, 2020. 
 -23- 

FRB has the meaning specified in the definition of Deliver. 
 Fundamental Amendment means any amendment, modification, waiver or supplement of or to this Agreement that would (a) increase or extend the term of the Commitments or change the Final Maturity Date (other than an increase of the Commitment of a particular Lender or the addition of a new Lender agreed to by the relevant Lender), (b) extend the date fixed for the payment of principal of or interest on any Advance or any fee hereunder, (c) reduce the amount of any such payment of principal, (d) reduce the rate at which Interest is payable thereon or any fee is payable hereunder (other than in connection with the appointment of a LIBOR Successor Rate Benchmark Replacement ), (e) release any material portion of the Collateral, except in connection with dispositions permitted hereunder, (f) alter the terms of Section 9.01 or Section 13.01(b), (g) modify the definition of the terms Majority Lenders, Required Lenders, Maximum Available Amount, Advance Rate, Borrowing Base, Minimum OC Coverage Test, Interest Coverage Ratio Test, Collateral Loan, Eligible Collateral Loan, Eligible Country, Minimum Equity Amount, Collateral Quality Test, Tranche A Borrowing Base, Tranche B Borrowing Base, Tranche C Borrowing Base, Tranche A Minimum OC Coverage Test, Tranche B Minimum OC Coverage Test, Tranche C Minimum OC Coverage Test, Tranche A Collateral Loan, Tranche B Collateral Loan, Tranche C Collateral Loan, or any Collateral Quality Test set forth therein or component thereof defined therein, (h) modify in any other manner the number or percentage of the Lenders required to make any determinations or waive any rights hereunder or to modify any provision hereof or (i) extend the Reinvestment Period. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in effect from time to time in the United States. 
 Government Security has the meaning specified in the definition of Deliver. 
 Governmental Authority means, with respect to any Person, any nation or government, any supranational, state or other political or subdivision thereof, any central bank (or similar monetary or regulatory authority) thereof, any body or entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government and any court or arbitrator, in each case, having jurisdiction or authority over such Person. 
 Governmental Authorizations means all franchises, permits, licenses, approvals, consents and other authorizations of all Governmental Authorities. 
 Governmental Filings means all filings, including franchise and similar tax filings, and the payment of all fees, assessments, interests and penalties associated with such filings with all Governmental Authorities. 
 Highest Required Investment Category means (a) with respect to ratings assigned by Moody s, Aa2 or P-1 for one month instruments, Aa2 and P-1 for three month instruments, Aa3 and P-1 for six month instruments and Aa2 and P-1 for instruments with a term in excess of six months and (b) with respect to rating assigned by S&P, A-1 for short-term instruments and A for long-term instruments. 
 Indemnified Party has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 13.04(b). 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Facility Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes. 
 -24- 

Independent Accountants has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.09(a). 
 Independent Manager means a natural person who, (A) for the five-year period prior to his or her appointment as Independent Manager, has not been, and during the continuation of his or her service as Independent Manager is not (i) an employee, director, stockholder, member, manager, partner or officer of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates (other than his or her service as an Independent Manager of the Borrower or other Affiliates that are structured to be bankruptcy remote (ii) a customer or supplier of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates (other than his or her service as an Independent Manager of the Borrower or any such Affiliate) (iii) a Person controlling or under common control with any partner, shareholder, member, manager, Affiliate or supplier of the Borrower or any Affiliate of the Borrower or (iv) any member of the immediate family of a person described in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) provided that an independent manager may serve in similar capacities for other special purpose entities established from time to time by Affiliates of the Borrower and (B) has (i) prior experience as an Independent Manager for a corporation or limited liability company whose charter documents required the unanimous consent of all Independent Managers thereof before such corporation or limited liability company could consent to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it or could file a petition seeking relief under any applicable federal or state law relating to bankruptcy and (ii) at least three years of employment experience with one or more entities that provide, in the ordinary course of their respective businesses, advisory, management or placement services to issuers of securitization or structured finance instruments, agreements or securities. 
 Ineligible Collateral Loan means, at any time, a Collateral Loan or any portion thereof, that fails to satisfy any criteria of the definition of Eligible Collateral Loan as of the date when such criteria are applicable it being understood that such criteria in the definition of Eligible Collateral Loan that is specified to be applicable only as of the date of acquisition of such Collateral Loan shall not be applicable after the date of acquisition of such Collateral Loan. 
 Initial AUP Report Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.09(a). 
 Initial Tranche Size means, with respect to any Collateral Loan, an amount equal to (a) if any delayed draw loan or incremental term loan issuance has been issued under the same credit document that has the same interest spread, maturity and seniority (such issuance an Additional Tranche ), the sum of the principal amounts on the issuance date of the most recently issued Additional Tranche of (i) the aggregate tranche of such Collateral Loan plus (ii) the aggregate tranches of any Additional Tranches, and (b) if no Additional Tranche has been issued, the principal amount of the aggregate tranche of such Collateral Loan as of its original issuance date. 
 Insolvency Event means, with respect to a specified Person, (a) the filing of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of such Person or any substantial part of its property in an involuntary case under the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable insolvency law now or hereafter in effect, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official for such Person or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of such Person s affairs, and such decree or order shall remain unstayed and in effect for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days or (b) the commencement by such Person of a voluntary case under the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable insolvency law now or hereafter in effect, or the consent by such Person to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law, or the consent by such Person to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official for such Person or for any substantial part of its property, 
 -25- 

or the making by such Person of any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure by such Person generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of action by such Person in furtherance of any of the foregoing. 
 Instrument has the meaning specified in Section 9-102(a)(47) of the UCC. 
 Interest means, with respect to each Tranche of Advances for each Interest Accrual Period (or any other period), the sum of the products (for each day elapsed during such Interest Accrual Period or other period) of 
 
 where 
 IR the Interest Rate applicable to such Tranche for such day 
 P the principal amount of the Advances for such Tranche outstanding on such day and 
 D 360 days. 
 Interest Accrual Period means (a) with respect to the first Payment Date, the period from and including the Closing Date to and including the last Business Day of the calendar month preceding the month in which such Payment Date occurs and (b) with respect to any subsequent Payment Date, the period beginning on (and including) the day immediately following the last day of the prior Interest Accrual Period and ending on (but excluding) the last Business Day of the calendar month preceding the month in which such Payment Date occurs. 
 Interest Collection Subaccount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.02(a). 
 Interest Coverage Ratio means, on any Determination Date, the percentage equal to 
 (bm) (i) an amount equal to the Collateral Interest Amount at such time minus (ii) the amount payable on the Payment Date immediately following such date of determination pursuant to Sections 9.01(a)(i)(A), (B) and (D) divided by 
 (bn) the amount payable on the Payment Date immediately following such date of determination pursuant to Section 9.01(a)(i)(C). 
 Interest Coverage Ratio Test means a test that is satisfied at any time if the Interest Coverage Ratio is greater than or equal to 150 provided that the Interest Coverage Ratio Test shall be deemed to be satisfied on any date prior to the initial Advance hereunder. 
 Interest Proceeds means, with respect to any Collection Period or the related Determination Date, without duplication, the sum of 
 (bo) all payments of interest and other income received in cash by the Borrower during such Collection Period on the Collateral Loans (including interest purchased with Principal Proceeds, interest and other income received in cash on 
 -26- 

Ineligible Collateral Loans and the accrued interest received in cash in connection with a sale of any such Collateral Loan during such Collection Period) 
 (bp) all principal and interest payments received by the Borrower during such Collection Period on Eligible Investments purchased with Interest Proceeds and all interest payments received by the Borrower during such Collection Period on Eligible Investments purchased with amounts credited to the Revolving Reserve Account 
 (bq) all amendment and waiver fees, late payment fees (including compensation for delayed settlement or trades), and all protection fees and other fees and commissions received by the Borrower during such Collection Period unless the Servicer has determined in its sole discretion that such payments are to be treated as Principal Proceeds and 
 (br) commitment fees, facility fees, anniversary fees, ticking fees and other similar fees received by the Borrower during such Collection Period unless the Servicer has determined in its sole discretion that such payments are to be treated as Principal Proceeds 
 provided that 
 (1) as to any Defaulted Collateral Loan (and only so long as it remains a Defaulted Collateral Loan), any amounts received in respect thereof will constitute Principal Proceeds (and not Interest Proceeds) until the aggregate of all Collections in respect thereof since it became a Defaulted Collateral Loan equals the Principal Balance of such Defaulted Collateral Loan at the time as of which it became a Defaulted Collateral Loan and all amounts received in excess thereof will constitute Interest Proceeds and 
 (2) any amounts received in respect of any Equity Security that was received in exchange for a Defaulted Collateral Loan will constitute Principal Proceeds (and not Interest Proceeds) until the aggregate of all collections in respect of such Equity Security equals the outstanding Principal Balance of the related Collateral Loan, at the time it became a Defaulted Collateral Loan, for which such Equity Security was received in exchange. 
 Interest Rate means, for any Tranche of Advances as of any date of determination, an interest rate per annum equal to the Benchmark Term SOFR (or, if at any time the Benchmark cannot be determined, the Base Rate) plus the Applicable Margin. 
 Interim Order means an order, judgment, decree or ruling entered after notice and a hearing conducted in accordance with Bankruptcy Rule 4001(c) granting interim authorization, the operation or effect of which has not been stayed, reversed or amended. 
 Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Law means any action, code, consent decree, constitution, decree, directive, enactment, finding, guideline, law, injunction, interpretation, judgment, order, ordinance, policy statement, proclamation, promulgation, regulation, requirement, rule, rule of law, treaty, rule of public policy, settlement agreement, statute, or writ, of any Governmental Authority, or any particular section, part or provision thereof. 
 -27- 

Lender means each Person listed on Schedule 1 and any other Person that shall have become a party hereto in accordance with the terms hereof pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance. 
 Lender Fee Letter means that certain amended and restated fee letter, dated as of April 13, 2020, by and among the Lenders, the Borrower and the Servicer (as may be supplemented, amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time) . 
 Liabilities means all liabilities, obligations, losses, claims, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses (including reasonable and documented out-of-pocket outside attorneys fees and expenses) and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever. 
 LIBOR means, for any Interest Accrual Period, the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited London interbank offered rate per annum for deposits in the relevant currency for a period equal to the Interest Accrual Period as displayed in the Bloomberg Financial Markets System (or such other page on that service or such other service designated by the ICE Benchmark Limited for the display of such administration s London interbank offered rate for deposits in the relevant currency) as of 11 00 a.m., London time on the day that is two Business Days prior to the first day of the Interest Accrual Period (the Screen Rate provided that if the Administrative Agent determines that the relevant foregoing sources are unavailable for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, LIBOR shall mean the rate of interest determined by the Administrative Agent to be the average (rounded upward, if necessary, to the nearest 1 100th of 1 of the rates per annum at which deposits in the relevant currency are offered to the Administrative Agent two (2) Business Days preceding the first day of such Interest Accrual Period by four leading banks (selected by the Administrative Agent after consultation with the Borrower) in the London or other offshore interbank market for the relevant currency as of 11 00 a.m. for delivery on the first day of such Interest Accrual Period, for the number of days comprised therein and in an amount comparable to the amount of the Administrative Agent s portion of the relevant Advance provided , if such rate is less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, encumbrance, lien or security interest (statutory or other), or preference, priority or other security agreement, charge or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing, and the filing authorized by the Borrower of any financing statement under the UCC or comparable law of any jurisdiction). 
 Listed Collateral Loan means, at any time, a Collateral Loan for which three or more bids are quoted and available from Loan Pricing Corporation, Mark-it Partners (formerly known as Loan X), Interactive Data Corporation or another nationally recognized broker-dealer or nationally recognized quotation service requested by the Servicer and approved from time to time by the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders. 
 Listed Value means, for any Listed Collateral Loan at any time, the bid price for such Collateral Loan most recently quoted by Loan Pricing Corporation, Mark-it Partners (formerly known as Loan X) or Interactive Data Corporation and obtained by the Servicer, or quoted by another nationally recognized broker-dealer or nationally recognized quotation service as may be approved from time to time by the Administrative Agent if so requested by the Borrower or the Servicer provided that, if the Servicer reasonably believes that the price quoted by any such source is based on less than three bona fide bids, then the Servicer, by notice to the Administrative Agent, may determine the Listed Value in accordance with clause (b) of the definition of Loan Value. 
 -28- 

LLC Agreement means that certain Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2018, of the Borrower. 
 Loan Sale Agreement means that certain Loan Sale and Contribution Agreement. 
 Loan Value means, with respect to each Collateral Loan, as of any date of determination and expressed as a percentage of the Principal Balance of such Eligible Collateral Loan, a percentage equal to 
 (bs) if a Revaluation Event has not occurred with respect to such Collateral Loan, the purchase price of such Collateral Loan (excluding any original issue discount of 3 or less) 
 (bt) if a Revaluation Event has occurred with respect to such Collateral Loan and such Collateral Loan is not a Defaulted Collateral Loan 
 (i) if such loan is a Listed Collateral Loan as of such date, the lesser of (x) the Listed Value of such loan as at such date and (y) the purchase price of such Collateral Loan and 
 (ii) if such loan is not a Listed Collateral Loan as of such date 
 (A) and the Servicer provides three bona fide bids that are acceptable to the Administrative Agent (in its sole discretion), the average of such bona fide bids otherwise 
 (B) the fair market value of such Collateral Loan as determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion and 
 (bu) if a Revaluation Event has occurred with respect to such Collateral Loan and such Collateral Loan is a Defaulted Collateral Loan, the fair market value of such Collateral Loan as determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. 
 If the Borrower disagrees with the Loan Value assigned by the Administrative Agent to a Collateral Loan pursuant to clauses (b)(ii) or (c) above (an Agent Valuation ), then the Borrower may at its own expense and within sixty (60) days from the date on which the Administrative Agent assigned the Agent Valuation (the Dispute Period obtain an Appraisal (the New Valuation from an Approved Appraisal Firm or a valuation firm selected by the Borrower with the consent of the Administrative Agent (such process, a Valuation Agent Dispute ). If a New Valuation is obtained during the Dispute Period, then the New Valuation shall be treated as the amended Loan Value, otherwise the Agent Valuation shall be treated as the amended Loan Value. During the Dispute Period, the Loan Value shall be the Agent Valuation. The Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, further amend the Loan Value in respect of such Collateral Loan on any subsequent date, subject to the valuation procedures and dispute mechanics set forth above, and such further determination shall constitute the Loan Value. 
 Macomb Credit Agreement means that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2018, by and among BNP Paribas, as a lender, the other lenders party thereto, Macomb Park CLO, Ltd., as borrower, BNP Paribas, as administrative agent, GSO Blackstone Debt Funds Management LLC, as collateral manager, and SENTE Master Fund, L.P., as preferred investor. 
 -29- 

Macomb Merger means a transaction wherein the Borrower acquires the outstanding equity of Macomb Park CLO, Ltd., repays the loans outstanding under the Macomb Credit Agreement and merges with Macomb Park CLO, Ltd., with the Borrower being the surviving entity. 
 Majority Lenders means, as of any date of determination, the Administrative Agent and Lenders having aggregate Percentages greater than 50 provided , however , that if any Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender at such time, then Advances owing to such Defaulting Lender and such Defaulting Lender s unfunded Commitments shall be excluded from the determination of Majority Lenders. 
 Margin Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in Regulation U. 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, financial condition or operations of the Borrower or the Servicer either individually or taken as a whole, (b) the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Facility Document or the validity, enforceability or collectability of the Collateral Loans or the Related Documents generally or any material portion of the Collateral Loans or the Related Documents, (c) the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the other Secured Parties with respect to matters arising under this Agreement or any other Facility Document, (d) the ability of each of the Borrower or the Servicer to perform its obligations under any Facility Document to which it is a party, or (e) the status, existence, perfection, priority or enforceability of the Collateral Agent s Lien on the Collateral. 
 Material Modification means, with respect to any Collateral Loan, any amendment, waiver, consent or modification of, or supplement to or inaction with, a Related Document with respect thereto (it being understood that a release document or similar instrument executed or delivered in connection with a disposition that is otherwise permitted under the applicable Related Documents shall not constitute an amendment or modification to such Related Document) executed or effected after the date on which such Collateral Loan is acquired by the Borrower, that 
 (bv) reduces, defers or forgives any principal amount of such Collateral Loan 
 (bw) reduces or forgives one or more interest payments which reduces the spread or coupon by more than 50 basis points or permits any interest due with respect to such Collateral Loan in cash to be deferred or capitalized and added to the principal amount of such Collateral Loan (other than any deferral or capitalization already expressly permitted by the terms of its Related Documents or pursuant to the application of a pricing grid, in each case, as of the date such Collateral Loan was acquired by the Borrower) 
 (bx) extends, delays or waives any date fixed for any scheduled payment (including at maturity) or mandatory prepayment of principal on such Collateral Loan 
 (by) in the case of a First Lien Last Out Loan, a First Lien BSL or a First Lien Middle Market Loan, contractually or structurally subordinates such Collateral Loan by operation of a priority of payments, turnover provisions or the transfer of assets in order to limit recourse to the related Obligor (other than as permitted by the terms of the Related Documents on the date such Collateral Loan was acquired) 
 (bz) substitutes, alters, releases or terminates any material portion of the underlying assets securing such Collateral Loan (other than as expressly permitted by the Related Documents as of the date such Collateral Loan was acquired by the Borrower) or 
 -30- 

releases any material guarantor or co-Obligor from its obligations with respect thereto, and each such substitution, alteration, release or termination materially and adversely affects the value of such Collateral Loan (as determined in the commercially reasonable discretion of the Administrative Agent) 
 (ca) modifies any term or provision of the Related Documents of such Collateral Loan that impacts the calculation of any financial covenant, the definition of Permitted Liens (or any analogous definition), or the determination of any default or event of default with respect to the related Collateral Loan 
 (cb) results in change of currency of the Collateral Loan or 
 (cc) any other modification which is material and adverse to the value of such Collateral Loan. 
 Maximum Available Amount means, on any date of determination, an amount equal to the lesser of 
 (cd) the Maximum Facility Amount at such time and 
 (ce) the Borrowing Base (calculated after giving effect to the deposit or investment of such borrowed funds on the borrowing date). 
 Maximum Facility Amount means (a) on any date of determination prior to the First Amendment Date, 400,000,000, (b) on any date of determination on or after the First Amendment Date to but excluding the Third Amendment Date, 575,000,000, (c) on any date of determination on or after the Third Amendment Date to but excluding the Fourth Amendment Date, 875,000,000, (d) on any date of determination on or after the Fourth Amendment Date to but excluding the earlier to occur of (x) the CLO Takeout Date and (y) the date occurring twelve (12) months after the Third Amendment Date, 1,125,000,000 and (d) on any other date of determination, 825,000,000 provided that it is understood that the loan facility established under this Agreement is an uncommitted facility and there is no express or implied commitment on the part of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to provide any Advance except that, in the case of Collateral Loans approved by means of an Approval Request or Approved List, the Lenders shall have committed to fund the related Advances (up to the amount(s) specified in the related Approval Request or Approved List) provided that the related conditions precedent set forth in Article III are satisfied. 
 Maximum Portfolio Amount means, on any date of determination, the sum of (i) (x) 200,000,000 or (y) on any date after the first to occur of (a) the date on which the Borrower waives its ability to reduce the Maximum Facility Amount pursuant to Section 2.07(b) and (b) March 31, 2019, the Maximum Facility Amount and (ii) the aggregate amount of all contributions by the Equityholder to the Borrower (other than contributions made to cure a Default or an Event of Default) less any principal distributions to the Equityholder other than Excluded Principal Distributions. 
 Measurement Date means (a) the Closing Date, (b) each Borrowing Date, (c) each Monthly Report Determination Date, (d) each Payment Date Report Determination Date and (e) each other date reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. 
 Mezzanine Obligations means unsecured obligations that are contractually subordinated in right of payment to other debt of the same issuer. 
 -31- 

Minimum Equity Amount means, at any time, the product of (a) 10 and (b) the Maximum Facility Amount. 
 Minimum OC Coverage Test means a test that shall be satisfied if the OC Ratio is equal to or greater than 100 . 
 Money has the meaning specified in Section 1-201(24) of the UCC. 
 Monthly Report has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.07(a). 
 Monthly Report Determination Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.07(a). 
 Monthly Reporting Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.07(a). 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc., together with its successors. 
 Moody s Industry Classification means the industry classifications set forth in Schedule 4 hereto, as such industry classifications shall be updated at the option of the Servicer if Moody s publishes revised industry classifications. The determination of which Moody s Industry Classification to which an Obligor belongs shall be made in good faith by the Servicer. 
 Moody s RiskCalc has the meaning specified in Schedule 8 hereto. 
 Multiemployer Plan means an employee pension benefit plan within the meaning of Section 4001 (a)(3) of ERISA that is sponsored by the Borrower or a member of its ERISA Group or to which the Borrower or a member of its ERISA Group is obligated to make contributions or has any liability. 
 Net-Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue Ratio means, with respect to any Collateral Loan for any period, the meaning of Net-Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue Ratio or any comparable term defined in the Related Documents for such Collateral Loan, and in any case that Net-Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue Ratio or such comparable term is not defined in such Related Documents, the ratio of (a) indebtedness of the related Obligor under such Collateral Loan and all other indebtedness of such Obligor that is senior or pari passu in right of payment to such Collateral Loan minus Unrestricted Cash and cash equivalents to (b) TTM Recurring Revenue, as calculated by the Servicer in good faith in accordance with the Servicing Standard using information from and calculations consistent with the relevant compliance statements and financial reporting packages provided by the relevant Obligor as per the requirements of the Related Documents provided that, in the event of a lack of any such information necessary to calculate the Net-Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue Ratio for any Collateral Loan, the Net-Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue Ratio for such Collateral Loan shall be a ratio calculated by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion after consultation with the Servicer or, if agreed to by the Administrative Agent, by the Servicer in good faith in accordance with the Servicing Standard. 
 Note means each promissory note, if any, issued by the Borrower to a Lender in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.04, substantially in the form of Exhibit A. 
 Notice of Borrowing has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.03(a). 
 Notice of Prepayment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(a). 
 -32- 

NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 Obligations means all indebtedness, whether absolute, fixed or contingent, at any time or from time to time owing by the Borrower to any Secured Party or any Affected Person under or in connection with this Agreement, the Notes or any other Facility Document, including all amounts payable by the Borrower in respect of the Advances, with interest thereon, and all other amounts payable hereunder or thereunder by the Borrower. 
 Obligor means, in respect of any Collateral Loan, each Person obligated to pay Collections in respect of such Collateral Loan, including any applicable guarantors provided that for purposes of determining the domicile of an Obligor for purposes of the definitions of Concentration Limitations and Eligible Collateral Loan, the term Obligor shall only include the Person in respect of which the Collateral Loan was principally underwritten. 
 Obligor Measurement Date means the last day of each relevant period for which an Obligor delivers financial reporting information that includes the calculation of financial covenants, as certified by a Responsible Officer of such Obligor. 
 OC Ratio means, as of any Business Day, 
 (a) the Borrowing Base divided by 
 (b) the sum of (x) the outstanding principal balance of the Facility and (y) the aggregate purchase price of all potential Collateral Loans for which the Borrower has entered into a binding commitment to purchase that have not yet settled. 
 OC Ratio Breach means, on any Business Day, a failure of the Minimum OC Coverage Test. 
 OC Ratio Posting Payment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.02. 
 OFAC means the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control. 
 Other Connection Taxes means, in the case of any Secured Party, any Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Secured Party and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Secured Party having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced this Agreement, the Notes or any other Facility Document). 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to any Facility Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 13.03(h)). 
 Paid Senior Net Leverage Ratio means, with respect to any Collateral Loan, the Senior Net Leverage Ratio multiplied by the purchase price of such Collateral Loan. 
 Partial PIK Loan means a Collateral Loan that requires the Obligor to pay only a portion of the accrued and unpaid interest in Cash on a current basis, the remainder of which is or can be deferred and paid later provided that (x) the portion of such interest required to be paid 
 -33- 

in Cash pursuant to the terms of the applicable Related Documents carries a current Cash pay interest rate paid at a fixed rate of not less than 3.5 per annum , (y) the terms of the applicable Related Documents do not permit the amount of current Cash pay interest to be less than 25 of the ordinary specified interest at any time and (z) the terms of the applicable Related Documents do not permit any accrued and unpaid interest to be deferred for more than 12 months or paid later than the date that is 12 months after the initial due date for such interest. 
 Participant means any bank or other Person to whom a participation is sold as permitted by Section 13.06(c). 
 Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 13.06(c)(ii). 
 PATRIOT Act has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 13.15. 
 Payment Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.03. 
 Payment Date means the 20th day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with June 20, 2019 provided that, if any such day is not a Business Day, then such Payment Date shall be the next succeeding Business Day. 
 Payment Date Report has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.07(b). 
 Payment Date Report Determination Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.07(b). 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, or any successor agency or entity performing substantially the same functions. 
 Percentage means with respect to any Lender as of any date of determination, (a) with respect to each Lender party listed on Schedule 1, the percentage applicable to such Lender on such date of determination as specified on Schedule 1, as such amount is reduced by any Assignment and Acceptance entered into by such Lender with an assignee or increased by any Assignment and Acceptance entered into by such Lender with an assignor, and (b) with respect to each Lender not listed on Schedule 1 that has become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance, the percentage set forth therein as such Lender s Percentage, as such amount is reduced by an Assignment and Acceptance entered into between such Lender and an assignee or increased by any Assignment and Acceptance entered into by such Lender with an assignor. 
 Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR . 
 Permitted Assignee means (a) a Lender or any of its Affiliates or (b) any Person managed by a Lender or any of its Affiliates. 
 Permitted Currencies means Pounds Sterling, Euro, Dollars and Canadian Dollars. 
 Permitted Distribution means, on any Business Day, distributions of (x) Interest Proceeds so long as immediately after giving effect to such Permitted Distribution, sufficient Interest Proceeds remain to pay all amounts payable on the immediately following Payment Date pursuant to Section 9.01(a)(i) as determined by the Servicer in good faith and or (y) prior to the last day of the Reinvestment Period, Principal Proceeds provided that amounts may be 
 -34- 

distributed pursuant to this definition so long as (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (or would occur after giving effect to such Permitted Distribution) and (ii) the OC Ratio would be at least 107.5 immediately after giving effect to such Permitted Distribution. 
 Permitted Liens means any of the following (a) Liens for Taxes if such Taxes shall not at the time be due and payable or if a Person shall currently be contesting the validity thereof in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in accordance with GAAP have been provided on the books of such Person (b) Liens imposed by law, such as materialmen s, warehousemen s, mechanics , carriers , workmen s and repairmen s Liens and other similar Liens, arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of business for sums that are not overdue or are being contested in good faith (c) Liens granted pursuant to or by the Facility Documents, (d) judgement Liens not constituting an Event of Default hereunder, (e) bankers Liens, rights of setoff and other similar Liens existing solely with respect to cash and cash equivalents on deposit in one or more accounts maintained by such Person, in each case granted in the ordinary course of business in favor of the bank or banks with which such accounts are maintained, securing amounts owing to such bank with respect to cash management, operating account arrangements and netting arrangements, (f) with respect to collateral underlying any Collateral Loan, the Lien in favor of the Borrower herein and Liens permitted under the underlying instruments related to such Collateral Loan, (g) as to any agented Collateral Loan, Liens in favor of the agent on behalf of all the lenders to the related obligor and (h) Liens of clearing agencies, broker-dealers and similar Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business, provided that such Liens (x) attach only to the securities (or proceeds) being purchased or sold and (y) secure only obligations incurred in connection with such purchase or sale, and not any obligation in connection with financing. 
 Permitted Offer means a tender offer pursuant to the terms of which the offeror offers to acquire a debt obligation (including a Collateral Loan) in exchange for consideration consisting of (x) Cash in an amount equal to or greater than the full face amount of the debt obligation being exchanged plus any accrued and unpaid interest or (y) other debt obligations that rank pari passu or senior to the debt obligation being exchanged which have a face amount equal to or greater than the full face amount of the debt obligation being exchanged and are eligible to be Collateral Loans plus any accrued and unpaid interest in Cash. 
 Permitted RIC Distribution means distributions to the Equityholder (from the Collection Account or otherwise) to the extent required to allow the Equityholdert to make sufficient distributions to qualify as a regulated investment company and to otherwise eliminate federal or state income or excise taxes payable by the Equityholder in or with respect to any taxable year of the Equityholder (or any calendar year, as relevant) provided that (A) the amount of any such payments made in or with respect to any such taxable year (or calendar year, as relevant) of the Equityholder shall not exceed 115 of the amounts that the Borrower would have been required to distribute to the Equityholder to (i) allow the Borrower to satisfy the minimum distribution requirements that would be imposed by Section 852(a) of the Code (or any successor thereto) to maintain its eligibility to be taxed as a regulated investment company for any such taxable year, (ii) reduce to zero for any such taxable year the Borrower s liability for federal income taxes imposed on (x) its investment company taxable income pursuant to Section 852(b)(1) of the Code (or any successor thereto) or (y) its net capital gain pursuant to Section 852(b)(3) of the Code (or any successor thereto), and (iii) reduce to zero the Borrower s liability for federal excise taxes for any such calendar year imposed pursuant to Section 4982 of the Code (or any successor thereto), in the case of each of (i), (ii) or (iii), calculated assuming that the Borrower had qualified to be taxed as a regulated investment company under the Code, (B) after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the amount of Permitted RIC Distributions made in any calendar quarter shall not exceed U.S. 1,500,000 (or such greater amount consented to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) and (C) amounts may be distributed pursuant to this definition only to the extent of available Excess Interest Proceeds 
 -35- 

and or Principal Proceeds and only so long as (x) the Coverage Tests are satisfied immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect to such Permitted RIC Distribution (unless otherwise consented to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), (y) the Borrower certifies the above in a RIC Distribution Notice to the Administrative Agent at least two (2) Business Days prior to the applicable distribution and (z) the Borrower provides at least two (2) Business Days prior written notice thereof to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator. 
 Permitted Working Capital Lien has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of First Lien Loan . 
 Person means an individual or a corporation (including a business trust), partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint stock company, limited liability company, government (or an agency or political subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind. 
 PIK Loan means a Collateral Loan (other than a Partial PIK Loan) that permits the Obligor thereon to defer or capitalize any portion of the accrued interest thereon. 
 Plan means an employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) which is covered by Title IV of ERISA or subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code that is sponsored by the Borrower or a member of its ERISA Group or to which the Borrower or a member of its ERISA Group is obligated to make contributions or has any liability. 
 Plan Asset Rule has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.01(m). 
 Portfolio Advance Rate Adjustment means, as of any date of determination, the highest applicable percentage set forth on the table below 
 Diversity Score Advance Rate Adjustment Less than 4 
 40 Greater than or equal to 4, but less than 7 
 60 Greater than or equal to 7, but less than 10 
 80 Greater than or equal to 10 
 100 
 Post-Default Rate means a rate per annum equal to the rate of interest otherwise in effect pursuant to this Agreement (or, if no such rate is specified, the Base Rate) plus 2.00 per annum . 
 Potential Servicer Removal Event means any event which, with the passage of time, the giving of notice, or both, would (if not cured or otherwise remedied during such time) constitute a Servicer Removal Event. 
 Pounds Sterling and means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
 Prime Rate means the rate announced by BNP from time to time as its prime rate in the United States, such rate to change as and when such designated rate changes. The Prime Rate is not intended to be the lowest rate of interest charged by BNP in connection with extensions of credit to debtors. 
 -36- 

Principal Balance means, with respect to any loan, as of any date of determination, the outstanding principal amount of such loan, excluding any capitalized interest. 
 Principal Collection Subaccount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.02(a). 
 Principal Proceeds means, with respect to any Collection Period or the related Determination Date, all amounts received by the Borrower during such Collection Period that do not constitute Interest Proceeds, including unapplied proceeds of the Advances and any amounts received by the Borrower as equity contributions (howsoever designated). 
 Priority of Payments has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.01(a). 
 Private Authorizations means all franchises, permits, licenses, approvals, consents and other authorizations of all Persons (other than Governmental Authorities). 
 Proceeds has, with reference to any asset or property, the meaning assigned to it under Section 9-102(a)(64) of the UCC and, in any event, shall include any and all amounts from time to time paid or payable under or in connection with such asset or property. 
 QIB has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 13.06(e). 
 Qualified Institution means a depository institution or trust company organized under the laws of the United States of America or any one of the States thereof or the District of Columbia (or any domestic branch of a foreign bank), (a)(i) that has either (A) a long-term unsecured debt rating of A or better by S&P and A2 or better by Moody s or (B) a short-term unsecured debt rating or certificate of deposit rating of A-1 or better by S&P or P-1 or better by Moody s, (ii) the parent corporation of which has either (A) a long-term unsecured debt rating of A or better by S&P and A2 or better by Moody s or (B) a short-term unsecured debt rating or certificate of deposit rating of A-1 or better by S&P and P-1 or better by Moody s or (iii) is otherwise acceptable to the Administrative Agent and (b) the deposits of which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. 
 Qualified Purchaser has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 13.06(e). 
 Recipient means the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Secured Party. 
 Recurring Revenue means, with respect to any Obligor, (a) the Recurring Revenue of such Obligor or any comparable term defined in the Related Documents, or (b) in the case of any Collateral Loan with respect to which the Related Documents do not include a definition of Recurring Revenue or any comparable term, the amount of revenues of such Obligor in respect of perpetual licenses, subscription, service, support, hosting agreements, maintenance streams or other similar and perpetual cash flow streams, as calculated by the Servicer in good faith in accordance with the Servicing Standard using information from and calculations consistent with the relevant compliance statements and financial reporting packages provided by the relevant Obligor as per the requirements of the Related Documents. 
 Recurring Revenue Loan means a Collateral Loan that meets each of the following criteria as of the date of acquisition or origination (except as expressly set forth below) by the Borrower, subject to waiver by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the definition of Eligible Collateral Loan herein (for the avoidance of doubt, if any Collateral Loan does not meet the below listed conditions, but such failure is waived by the Administrative Agent, such 
 -37- 

Collateral Loan shall still be subject to the Advance Rates, Concentration Limitations and Revaluation Events applicable to Recurring Revenue Loans set forth herein) 
 (a) such Collateral Loan is a (i) First Lien Loan or (ii) a First Lien Last Out Loan 
 (b) the Obligor with respect to such Collateral Loan is in a high growth industry or industry that customarily has businesses with revenue derived from perpetual licenses, subscription, service, support, hosting agreements, maintenance streams or other similar and perpetual cash flow streams, as determined by the Servicer, in good faith in accordance with the Servicing Standard 
 (c) does not include and would not customarily be expected to include a financial covenant based on debt to EBITDA or a similar multiple of debt to operating cash flow 
 (d) the Obligor with respect to such Collateral Loan has generated a minimum of 15,000,000 in TTM Recurring Revenue during the most recent reporting period 
 (e) the Net-Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue Ratio with respect to such Collateral Loan (i) for positive EBITDA company is less than 3.00 1.00 as of the later of the initial closing date of such Collateral Loan or the most recent Obligor Measurement Date, as applicable or (ii) for negative EBITDA company is less than 2.50 1.00 as of the later of the initial closing date of such Collateral Loan or the most recent Obligor Measurement Date, as applicable, 
 (f) the Related Documents for such Collateral Loan require the Obligor with respect to such Collateral Loan to meet at least one (1) maintenance financial covenant, as determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, which may include a covenant for minimum liquidity and maximum ratio of principal loan amount outstanding to TTM Recurring Revenue and 
 (g) is designated as a Recurring Revenue Loan by the Borrower as of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date or, if made after the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, the date of acquisition or origination by the Borrower. 
 Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 13.06(d). 
 Regulation T , Regulation U and Regulation X mean Regulation T, U and X, respectively, of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as in effect from time to time. 
 Reinvestment Period means the period from and including the Closing Date to and including the earlier of (a) December 21, 2024 (or such later date as may be agreed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each Lender pursuant to Section 2.16) and (b) the date of the termination of the Commitments pursuant to Section 6.01. 
 Related Documents means, with respect to any Collateral Loan, (i) the loan or credit agreement evidencing such Collateral Loan, (ii) the principal security agreement, and (iii) if the same can be obtained without undue expense or effort, all other documents evidencing, securing, guarantying, governing or giving rise to such Collateral Loan. 
 -38- 

Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , or any successor thereto. 
 Relevant Test Period means, with respect to any Collateral Loan, the relevant test period for the calculation of EBITDA, Cash Interest Coverage Ratio, Debt Service Coverage Ratio or Total Net Leverage Ratio, as applicable, for such Collateral Loan in the applicable Related Documents or, if no such period is provided for therein, for Obligors delivering monthly financial statements, each period of the last twelve consecutive reported calendar months, and for Obligors delivering quarterly financial statements, each period of the last four consecutive reported fiscal quarters of the principal Obligor on such Collateral Loan provided that, with respect to any Collateral Loan for which the relevant test period is not provided for in the applicable Related Documents, if an Obligor is a newly-formed entity as to which twelve consecutive calendar months have not yet elapsed, Relevant Test Period shall initially include the period from the date of formation of such Obligor or closing date of the applicable Collateral Loan to the end of the twelfth calendar month or fourth fiscal quarter (as the case may be) from the date of formation or closing, as applicable, and shall subsequently include each period of the last twelve consecutive reported calendar months or four consecutive reported fiscal quarters (as the case may be) of such Obligor. 
 Replacement Servicer has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.01(c). 
 Requested Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.03. 
 Required Lenders means, as of any date of determination, the Administrative Agent and Lenders having aggregate Percentages greater than or equal to 66 2 3 provided , however , that if any Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender at such time, then Advances owing to such Defaulting Lender and such Defaulting Lender s unfunded Commitments shall be excluded from the determination of Required Lenders. 
 Responsible Officer means (a) in the case of (i) a corporation or (ii) a partnership or limited liability company that, in each case, pursuant to its Constituent Documents, has officers, any chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief administrative officer, managing director, president, senior vice president, vice president, assistant vice president, treasurer, director or manager, and, in any case where two Responsible Officers are acting on behalf of such entity, the second such Responsible Officer may be a secretary or assistant secretary (provided that a director or manager of the Borrower shall be a Responsible Officer regardless of whether its Constituent Documents provide for officers), (b) without limitation of clause (a)(ii), in the case of a limited partnership, the Responsible Officer of the general partner, acting on behalf of such general partner in its capacity as general partner, (c) without limitation of clause (a)(ii), in the case of a limited liability company, any Responsible Officer of the sole member or managing member, acting on behalf of the sole member or managing member in its capacity as sole member or managing member, (d) in the case of a trust, the Responsible Officer of the trustee, acting on behalf of such trustee in its capacity as trustee, (e) an authorized signatory or authorized officer that has been so authorized pursuant to customary corporate proceedings, limited partnership proceedings, limited liability company proceedings or trust proceedings, as the case may be, and that has responsibilities commensurate with the matter for which it is acting as a Responsible Officer the initial authorized signatories of the parties hereto are set forth on Schedule 6 (as such Schedule 6 may be modified from time to time by written notice), and (f) in the case of the Custodian, the Securities Intermediary, the Collateral Agent or Administrative Agent, an officer of the Custodian, the Securities Intermediary, the Collateral Agent or Administrative Agent, as applicable, having direct responsibility for the administration of this Agreement. 
 -39- 

Retention Basis Amount means the nominal value of all Collateral Loans held by the Borrower from time to time. 
 Revaluation Event means, with respect to any Collateral Loan as of any date of determination, the occurrence of any one or more of the following events (any of which, for the avoidance of doubt, may occur more than once) 
 (a) (1) for any Collateral Loan that is not a Recurring Revenue Loan (i) the trailing 12-month (or such lesser time if the most recent 12-month is not available) EBITDA (based on the most recently reported information of the related Obligor) of such Collateral Loan decreases by more than 25.0 from either (x) the trailing 12-month (or such lesser time if the most recent 12-month is not available) EBITDA of the Obligor measured for the period ending 12 months (or such lesser time elapsed from the closing date of such Collateral Loan) prior or (y) the trailing 12-month (or such lesser time if the most recent 12-month is not available) EBITDA calculated on the date the Borrower acquired such Collateral Loan or (ii) the Total Net Leverage Ratio for the current period of the related Obligor with respect to such Collateral Loan increases by more than 1.25x from the ratio calculated on the date the Borrower acquired such Collateral Loan or (2) for any Collateral Loan that is a Recurring Revenue Loan (i) the trailing 12-month (or such lesser time if the most recent 12-month is not available) Recurring Revenue (based on the most recently reported information of the related Obligor) of such Collateral Loan decreases by more than 25.0 from either (x) the trailing 12-month (or such lesser time if the most recent 12-month is not available) Recurring Revenue of the Obligor measured for the period ending 12 months (or such lesser time elapsed from the origination of such Collateral Loan) prior or (y) the trailing 12-month (or such lesser time if the most recent 12-month is not available) Recurring Revenue calculated on the date the Borrower acquired such Collateral Loan (or on such baseline Recurring Revenue as may be reasonably agreed to by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf)) or (ii) the Net-Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue Ratio for the current period of the related Obligor with respect to such Collateral Loan increases by more than 1.25x from the ratio calculated on the date the Borrower acquired such Collateral Loan (or on such other baseline Net-Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue Ratio as may be reasonably agreed to by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf)) 
 (b) an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Obligor 
 (c) an Obligor default in the payment of principal or interest on revolving loan facilities (giving effect to any applicable grace period under the Related Documents, but not to exceed five days) with respect to such Collateral Loan or any other debt obligation of such Obligor secured by the same collateral and which is senior or pari passu to such Collateral Loan or the occurrence of any other default with respect to such Collateral Loan, in each case, together with the election by any agent or lender (including the Borrower) to accelerate such Collateral Loan or to enforce any other respective secured creditor rights or remedies 
 (d) the Servicer grades such Collateral Loan 5 or lower (or any equivalent rating) on its internal grading scale 
 (e) the occurrence of a Material Modification with respect to such Collateral Loan that was not approved by the Administrative Agent (in its sole discretion) or 
 (f) the related Obligor fails to deliver to the Borrower or the Servicer any financial reporting information (i) as required by the Related Documents of such Collateral Loan (giving effect to any applicable grace period thereunder) and (ii) no less 
 -40- 

frequently than quarterly (subject to the delivery requirements of the Related Documents). 
 Revolving Collateral Loan means any Collateral Loan (other than a Delayed Drawdown Collateral Loan) that is a loan (including revolving loans, funded and unfunded portions of revolving credit lines and letter of credit facilities, unfunded commitments under specific facilities and other similar loans and investments) that by its terms may require one or more future advances to be made to the related Obligor by the Borrower and which provides that such borrowed money may be repaid and re-borrowed from time to time provided that any such Collateral Loan will be a Revolving Collateral Loan only until all commitments to make revolving advances to the Obligor expire or are terminated or irrevocably reduced to zero. 
 Revolving Exposure means, at any time, the sum of the aggregate Unfunded Amount of each Collateral Loan (including each Ineligible Collateral Loan and each Defaulted Collateral Loan) at such time. 
 Revolving Reserve Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.04. 
 RIC Distribution Notice means a written notice setting forth the calculation of the Borrower s net taxable income (determined as if the Borrower were a domestic corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) and of any Permitted RIC Distribution and certifying that the Equityholder remains a regulated investment company under Subchapter M of the Code. 
 S&P means S&P Global Ratings, a Standard & Poor s Financial Services, LLC business. 
 S&P Industry Classification means the industry classifications set forth in Schedule 2 hereto, as such industry classifications shall be updated at the option of the Servicer if S&P publishes revised industry classifications. The determination of which S&P Industry Classification to which an Obligor belongs shall be made in good faith by the Servicer. 
 Sale Settlement Condition means, with respect to any binding commitment of the Borrower to sell a Collateral Loan, a condition that is beyond the control of the Borrower and or the Servicer, as certified in writing by the Servicer to the Administrative Agent, which has resulted in the settlement of such sale not occurring within 30 days of the date of the Borrower entering into such binding commitment to sell. 
 Sale Settlement Pending Collateral means, on any date of determination, Collateral Loans that the Borrower, within the immediately preceding 30 days (or if a Sale Settlement Condition applies, within the immediately preceding 45 days), has entered into a binding commitment to sell that has not settled. 
 Sanctioned Country has the meaning given to such term in Section 4.01(r). 
 Sanctioned Person has the meaning given to such term in Section 4.01(r). 
 Sanctions means any economic or trade sanctions or restrictive measures enacted, administered, imposed or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or any EU member state, the French Republic, Her Majesty s Treasury and or any other relevant sanctions authority. 
 -41- 

Scheduled Distribution means, with respect to any Collateral Loan, for each Due Date, the scheduled payment of principal and or interest and or fees due on such Due Date with respect to such Collateral Loan. 
 Scheduled Unavailability Date has the meaning given to such term in Section 2.18(a)(ii). 
 Screen Rate has the meaning assigned to it in the definition of LIBOR. 
 Second Amendment Date means August 2, 2019. 
 Second Lien BSL means any Second Lien Loan that is a Broadly Syndicated Loan. 
 Second Lien Loan means any Collateral Loan (for purposes of this definition, a loan that meets the following criteria 
 (g) is secured by a pledge of collateral which security interest is validly perfected and second priority (subject to liens permitted under the related underlying instruments that are reasonable and customary for similar Collateral Loans) under Applicable Law (other than a Collateral Loan that is second priority to a Permitted Working Capital Lien) and 
 (h) the Servicer determines in good faith that the value of the collateral securing the Collateral Loan (including based on enterprise value) on or about the time of origination or acquisition by the Borrower equals or exceeds the outstanding principal balance of the Collateral Loan plus the aggregate outstanding balances of all other Collateral Loans of equal or higher seniority secured by the same collateral. 
 Second Lien Middle Market Loan means any Second Lien Loan that is not a Broadly Syndicated Loan provided that the Obligors of such Second Lien Middle Market Loan shall have an EBITDA on a consolidated basis of greater than or equal to 35,000,000 (as of the date such Collateral Loan is acquired). 
 Secured Parties means the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Custodian, each Lender, the Servicer (to the extent the Servicer has not been removed), Wells Fargo, in its capacity as Securities Intermediary under the Account Control Agreement, and, if applicable, the Replacement Servicer. 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, all as from time to time in effect. 
 Securities Intermediary shall mean Wells Fargo in its capacity as Securities Intermediary under the Account Control Agreement and any other entity as defined in Section 8-102(a)(14) of the UCC. 
 Securitisation Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017 2402. 
 Security Entitlement has the meaning specified in Section 8-102(a)(17) of the UCC. 
 Senior Net Leverage Ratio means, with respect to any Collateral Loan for any Relevant Test Period, the meaning of Senior Net Leverage Ratio or any comparable term defined in the Related Documents for such Loan, and in any case that Senior Net Leverage 
 -42- 

Ratio or such comparable term is not defined in such Related Documents, the ratio of (a) total indebtedness (other than indebtedness of such Obligor that is junior in terms of lien subordination to indebtedness of such Obligor held by the Borrower) minus Unrestricted Cash and cash equivalents to (b) EBITDA as calculated by the Servicer in accordance with the Servicing Standard. 
 Servicer means Blackstone GSO Secured Lending Fund, in its capacity as servicer hereunder and any successor thereto in accordance herewith. 
 Servicer Expense Cap means, for any Payment Date, an amount not to exceed 75,000 during any twelve (12) month period. 
 Servicer Expenses means the out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Servicer in connection with the Facility Documents. 
 Servicer Fee means, for any Collection Period, an amount equal to the product of (i) 0.35 per annum multiplied by (ii) the Fee Basis Amount (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed in the related Collection Period) provided that, the Servicer Fee is waived so long as Blackstone GSO Secured Lending Fund is the Servicer. 
 Servicer Removal Event means any one of the following events 
 (i) except as set forth in another clause of this definition, the Servicer breaches in any material respect any covenant or agreement applicable to it under this Agreement or any other Facility Document to which it is a party (it being understood that failure to meet any Coverage Test or Concentration Limitation is not a breach under this subclause (a)), and, if capable of being cured, is not cured within 30 days of the earlier of (i) a Responsible Officer of the Servicer acquiring actual knowledge of such breach or (ii) its receiving written notice from either Agent of such breach 
 (j) the occurrence and continuation of an Event of Default 
 (k) an act by the Servicer, or any of its senior investment personnel actively involved in managing the portfolio of the Borrower, that constitutes fraud or criminal activity in the performance of its obligations under the Facility Documents or the Servicer or any of its senior investment personnel actively involved in managing the portfolio of the Borrower being indicted for a criminal offense materially related to its asset management business provided that the Servicer will be deemed to have cured any event of cause pursuant to this clause (c) if the Servicer terminates or causes the termination of employment of all individuals who engaged in the conduct constituting cause pursuant to this clause (c) and makes the Borrower whole for any actual financial loss that such conduct caused the Borrower 
 (l) the failure of any representation, warranty, or certification made or delivered by the Servicer in or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Facility Document to be correct when made that has a Material Adverse Effect on the Borrower or any Secured Party and is either incapable of being cured or is not cured within 30 days of the earlier of (i) a Responsible Officer of the Servicer acquiring actual knowledge of such breach or (ii) its receiving written notice from either Agent of such breach 
 (m) the rendering of one or more final judgments, decrees or orders by a court or arbitrator of competent jurisdiction for the payment of money in excess individually or in the aggregate of 5,000,000, with respect to the Servicer (in each case, net of amounts covered by insurance), and the Servicer shall not have either (i) discharged or provided 
 -43- 

for the discharge of any such judgment, decree or order in accordance with its terms or (ii) perfected a timely appeal of such judgment, decree or order and caused the execution of same to be stayed during the pendency of the appeal, in each case, within sixty (60) days from the date of entry thereof 
 (n) the Servicer shall have made payments to settle any litigation, claim or dispute totaling more than, in the aggregate, 5,000,000 
 (o) an Insolvency Event relating to the Servicer occurs 
 (p) Blackstone GSO Secured Lending Fund, GSO Asset Management LLC or an Affiliate thereof ceases to be the Servicer 
 (q) any failure by the Servicer to deliver any required reporting under the Facility Documents on or before the date occurring five (5) Business Days after the date such report is required to be made 
 (r) any failure by the Servicer to deposit or credit, or to deliver for deposit, in the Covered Accounts any amount required hereunder to be so deposited, credited or delivered by it, or to make any distributions therefrom required by it, in each case on or before the date occurring three (3) Business Days after the date such deposit or distribution is required to be made by the Servicer or 
 (s) a Change of Control occurs. 
 Servicer Removal Notice shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.01(b). 
 Servicing Standard has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.02(d). 
 Seventh Amendment Effective Date means May 31, 2022. 
 Sixth Amendment Effective Date means February 28, 2022. 
 Solvent means, as to any Person, such Person is not insolvent within the meaning of Section 101(32) of the Bankruptcy Code or Section 271 of the Debtor and Creditor Law of the State of New York. 
 Special Amortization Period means the period commencing on and including the date occurring twelve (12) months following the Third Amendment Date, and ending on but excluding the date on which the aggregate outstanding amount of the Advances does not exceed the Maximum Facility Amount as of such date provided that, if, upon the date occurring twelve (12) months following the Third Amendment Date, the aggregate outstanding amount of the Advances does not exceed the Maximum Facility Amount as of such date, then no Special Amortization Period shall be in effect. 
 Specified Eligible Investment means an Eligible Investment meeting the requirements of Section 8.06(a) and that is available to the Collateral Agent, specified by the Servicer to the Collateral Agent (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) on or prior to the initial Borrowing Date provided that, so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and then be continuing, at any time with not less than five Business Days notice to the Collateral Agent (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) the Servicer may (and, if the then Specified Eligible Investment is no longer available to the Collateral Agent, shall) designate another Eligible Investment that meets the requirements of Section 8.06(a) and that is available to the 
 -44- 

Collateral Agent to be the Specified Eligible Investment for purposes hereof. After the occurrence and continuation of an Event of Default, a Specified Eligible Investment shall mean an Eligible Investment meeting the requirements of Section 8.06(a) and which has been selected by the Administrative Agent and specified to the Collateral Agent. 
 Structured Finance Obligation means any debt obligation owing by a finance vehicle that is secured directly and primarily by, primarily referenced to, and or primarily representing ownership of, a pool of receivables or a pool of other assets, including collateralized debt obligations, residential mortgage-backed securities, commercial mortgage-backed securities, other asset-backed securities, future flow receivable transactions and other similar obligations provided that loans to financial service companies, factoring businesses, health care providers and other genuine operating businesses do not constitute Structured Finance Obligations. 
 Synthetic Security means a security or swap transaction (excluding, for purposes of this Agreement, a participation interest) that has payments associated with either payments of interest and or principal on a reference obligation or the credit performance of a reference obligation. 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Term SOFR means, for any calculation with respect to an Advance, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Accrual Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator provided, however, that if as of 5 00 p .m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day provided, further, that if Term SOFR determined as provided above (including pursuant to the proviso above) shall ever be less than the Floor, then Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. 
 Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion ). 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 
 Third Amendment Date means September 27, 2019. 
 Total Net Leverage Ratio means, with respect to any Collateral Loan for any Relevant Test Period, the meaning of Total Leverage Ratio, Total Net Leverage Ratio or any comparable term relating to total indebtedness defined in the Related Documents for such Loan, and in any case that Total Leverage Ratio, Total Net Leverage Ratio or such comparable term is not defined in such Related Documents, the ratio of (a) total indebtedness secured by a 
 -45- 

lien at such time minus Unrestricted Cash and cash equivalents to (b) EBITDA as calculated by the Servicer in accordance with the Servicing Standard. 
 Trade Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.04(l). 
 Tranche A means, at any time, all Tranche A Collateral Loans at such time. 
 Tranche A Advance means each Advance allocated to Tranche A pursuant to, and in accordance with, this Agreement. 
 Tranche A Borrowing Base means, at any time, an amount, equal to the lesser of (A) 575,000,000 and (B) the sum of (i) the amounts in the Principal Collection Subaccount, (ii) the product of (x) the Weighted Average Tranche A Advance Rate (excluding the portion of the Sale Settlement Pending Collateral allocable to Tranche A Collateral Loans from the calculation of the Weighted Average Tranche A Advance Rate) as of such date, (y) the Portfolio Advance Rate Adjustment as of such date and (z) the Aggregate Tranche A Net Collateral Balance as of such date (excluding the portion of the Sale Settlement Pending Collateral allocable to the Tranche A Collateral Loans from the calculation of the Aggregate Tranche A Net Collateral Balance) and (iii) the aggregate sale price (expressed in Dollars) of the portion of the Sale Settlement Pending Collateral allocable to Tranche A Collateral Loans. 
 Tranche A Collateral Loans means, at any time, all First Lien BSLs that are Eligible Collateral Loans. 
 Tranche A Minimum OC Coverage Test means a test that shall be satisfied if the Tranche A OC Ratio is equal to or greater than 100 . 
 Tranche A OC Ratio means, as of any Business Day, 
 (a) the Tranche A Borrowing Base divided by 
 (b) the sum of (x) the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Tranche A Advances and (y) the aggregate purchase price of all potential Tranche A Collateral Loans for which the Borrower has entered into a binding commitment to purchase that have not yet settled. 
 Tranche B means, at any time, all Tranche B Collateral Loans at such time. 
 Tranche B Advance means each Advance allocated to Tranche B pursuant to, and in accordance with, this Agreement. 
 Tranche B Borrowing Base means, at any time, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the amounts in the Principal Collection Subaccount, (ii) the product of (x) the Weighted Average Tranche B Advance Rate (excluding the portion of the Sale Settlement Pending Collateral allocable to Tranche B Collateral Loans from the calculation of the Weighted Average Tranche B Advance Rate) as of such date, (y) the Portfolio Advance Rate Adjustment as of such date and (z) the Aggregate Tranche B Net Collateral Balance as of such date (excluding the portion of the Sale Settlement Pending Collateral allocable to Tranche B Collateral Loans from the calculation of the Aggregate Tranche B Net Collateral Balance) and (iii) the aggregate sale price (expressed in Dollars) of the portion of the Sale Settlement Pending Collateral allocable to Tranche B Collateral Loans. 
 -46- 

Tranche B Collateral Loans means, at any time, all First Lien Middle Market Loans whose Obligors have an EBITDA of greater than 25,000,000 at origination that are Eligible Collateral Loans. 
 Tranche B Minimum OC Coverage Test means a test that shall be satisfied if the Tranche B OC Ratio is equal to or greater than 100 . 
 Tranche B OC Ratio means, as of any Business Day, 
 (a) the sum of (1) the Tranche A Borrowing Base and (2) the Tranche B Borrowing Base divided by 
 (b) the sum of (1) the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Tranche A Advances, (2) the aggregate purchase price of all potential Tranche A Collateral Loans for which the Borrower has entered into a binding commitment to purchase that have not yet settled, (3) the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Tranche B Advances and (4) the aggregate purchase price of all potential Tranche B Collateral Loans for which the Borrower has entered into a binding commitment to purchase that have not yet settled. 
 Tranche C means, at any time, all Tranche C Collateral Loans at such time. 
 Tranche C Advance means each Advance allocated to Tranche C pursuant to, and in accordance with, this Agreement. 
 Tranche C Borrowing Base means, at any time, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the amounts in the Principal Collection Subaccount, (ii) the product of (x) the Weighted Average Tranche C Advance Rate (excluding the portion of the Sale Settlement Pending Collateral allocable to Tranche C Collateral Loans from the calculation of the Weighted Average Tranche C Advance Rate) as of such date, (y) the Portfolio Advance Rate Adjustment as of such date and (z) the Aggregate Tranche C Net Collateral Balance as of such date (excluding the portion of the Sale Settlement Pending Collateral allocable to Tranche C Collateral Loans from the calculation of the Aggregate Tranche C Net Collateral Balance) and (iii) the aggregate sale price (expressed in Dollars) of the portion of the Sale Settlement Pending Collateral allocable to Tranche C Collateral Loans. 
 Tranche C Collateral Loans means, at any time, all First Lien Middle Market Loans whose Obligors have an EBITDA of less than or equal to 25,000,000 at origination, First Lien Last Out Loans and Second Lien Loans that are, in each case, Eligible Collateral Loans. 
 Tranche C Minimum OC Coverage Test means a test that shall be satisfied if the Tranche C OC Ratio is equal to or greater than 100 . 
 Tranche C OC Ratio means, as of any Business Day, 
 (a) the sum of (1) the Tranche A Borrowing Base, (2) the Tranche B Borrowing Base and (3) the Tranche C Borrowing Base divided by 
 (b) the sum of (1) the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Tranche A Advances, (2) the aggregate purchase price of all potential Tranche A Collateral Loans for which the Borrower has entered into a binding commitment to purchase that have not yet settled, (3) the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Tranche B Advances, (4) the aggregate purchase price of all potential Tranche B Collateral Loans for which the Borrower has entered into a binding commitment to 
 -47- 

purchase that have not yet settled, (5) the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Tranche C Advances and (6) the aggregate purchase price of all potential Tranche C Collateral Loans for which the Borrower has entered into a binding commitment to purchase that have not yet settled. 
 Tranche Minimum OC Coverage Test means the Tranche A Minimum OC Coverage Test, the Tranche B Minimum OC Coverage Test or the Tranche C Minimum OC Coverage Test, as applicable. 
 Tranches means each of the Tranche A Advances, Tranche B Advances and the Tranche C Advances. 
 TTM Recurring Revenue means, with respect to any Obligor and any date, the Recurring Revenue for such Obligor for the trailing twelve months ending on such date, as calculated by the Servicer in good faith in accordance with the Servicing Standard using information from and calculations consistent with the relevant compliance statements and financial reporting packages provided by the relevant Obligor as per the requirements of the Related Documents. 
 UCC means the New York Uniform Commercial Code provided that if, by reason of any mandatory provisions of law, the perfection, the effect of perfection or non-perfection or priority of the security interests granted to the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement are governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction of the United States of America other than the State of New York, then UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in such other jurisdiction for purposes of such perfection, effect of perfection or non-perfection or priority. 
 Uncertificated Security has the meaning specified in Section 8-102(a)(18) of the UCC. 
 Unfunded Amount means, with respect to any Collateral Loan, as of any date of determination, the unfunded commitment of the Borrower with respect to such Collateral Loan as of such date. 
 Unrestricted Cash has the meaning assigned to the term Unrestricted Cash or any comparable term defined in the Related Documents for each Collateral Loan, and in any case that Unrestricted Cash or such comparable term is not defined in such Related Documents, all cash available for use for general corporate purposes and not held in any reserve account or legally or contractually restricted for any particular purposes or subject to any lien (other than blanket liens permitted under or granted in accordance with such Related Documents). 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 13.03(g)(iii). 
 Volcker Rule means Section 13 of the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and the applicable rules and regulations thereunder. 
 -48- 

Weighted Average Advance Rate means, as of any date of determination with respect to all Eligible Collateral Loans included in the Aggregate Net Collateral Balance, the number obtained by (a) summing the products obtained by multiplying (i) the Advance Rate of each Eligible Collateral Loan by (ii) such Eligible Collateral Loan s contribution to the Aggregate Net Collateral Balance and dividing such sum by (b) the Aggregate Net Collateral Balance. 
 Weighted Average Tranche A Advance Rate means, as of any date of determination with respect to all Tranche A Collateral Loans included in the Aggregate Tranche A Net Collateral Balance, the number obtained by (a) summing the products obtained by multiplying (i) the Advance Rate of each Tranche A Collateral Loan by (ii) such Tranche A Collateral Loan s contribution to the Aggregate Tranche A Net Collateral Balance and dividing (b) such sum by the Aggregate Tranche A Net Collateral Balance. 
 Weighted Average Tranche B Advance Rate means, as of any date of determination with respect to all Tranche B Collateral Loans included in the Aggregate Tranche B Net Collateral Balance, the number obtained by (a) summing the products obtained by multiplying (i) the Advance Rate of each Tranche B Collateral Loan by (ii) such Tranche B Collateral Loan s contribution to the Aggregate Tranche B Net Collateral Balance and dividing (b) such sum by the Aggregate Tranche B Net Collateral Balance. 
 Weighted Average Tranche C Advance Rate means, as of any date of determination with respect to all Tranche C Collateral Loans included in the Aggregate Tranche C Net Collateral Balance, the number obtained by (a) summing the products obtained by multiplying (i) the Advance Rate of each Tranche C Collateral Loan by (ii) such Tranche C Collateral Loan s contribution to the Aggregate Tranche C Net Collateral Balance and dividing (b) such sum by the Aggregate Tranche C Net Collateral Balance. 
 Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 
 Working Capital Revolver means a revolving lending facility secured on a first lien basis solely by all or a portion of the current assets of the related obligor, which current assets subject to such security interest do not constitute a material portion of the obligor s total assets (it being understood that such revolving lending facility may be secured on a junior lien basis by other assets of the related obligor). 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time in relation to any Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described as such in relation to that Bail-in Legislation in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
 Zero Coupon Obligation means a Collateral Loan that does not provide for periodic payments of interest in Cash or that pays interest only at its stated maturity. 
 SECTION 1.2. Rules of Construction . For all purposes of this Agreement and the other Facility Documents, except as otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires, (a) singular words shall connote the plural as well as the singular and vice versa (except as indicated), as may be appropriate, (b) the words herein, hereof and hereunder and other words of similar import used in any Facility Document refer to such Facility Document as a whole and not to any particular article, schedule, section, paragraph, clause, exhibit or other subdivision thereof, (c) the headings, subheadings and table of contents set forth in any Facility 
 -49- 

Document are solely for convenience of reference and shall not constitute a part of such Facility Document nor shall they affect the meaning, construction or effect of any provision hereof, (d) references in any Facility Document to include or including shall mean include or including, as applicable, without limiting the generality of any description preceding such term, (e) any definition of or reference to any Facility Document, agreement, instrument or other document shall be construed as referring to such Facility Document, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, supplements or modifications set forth herein or any other Facility Document), (f) any reference in any Facility Document, including the introduction and recitals to such Facility Document, to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns (subject to any restrictions set forth herein or in any other applicable agreement), (g) any reference to any law or regulation herein shall refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified, supplemented or replaced from time to time, (h) any Event of Default shall be continuing until expressly waived in writing by the requisite Lenders, (i) except as set forth herein, references herein to the knowledge or actual knowledge of a Person shall mean the actual knowledge following due inquiry of such Person, (j) except as otherwise expressly provided for in this Agreement, any use of material or materially or words of similar meaning in this Agreement shall mean material, as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion and (k) unless otherwise expressly stated in this Agreement, if at any time any change in generally accepted accounting principles (including the adoption of IFRS) would affect the computation of any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) set forth in this Agreement or any other Facility Document, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall negotiate in good faith to amend such covenant to preserve the original intent in light of such change provided , that, until so amended, (i) such covenant shall continue to be computed in accordance with the application of generally accepted accounting principles prior to such change and (ii) the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent a written reconciliation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, between calculations of such covenant made before and after giving effect to such change in generally accepted accounting principles. 
 SECTION 1.3. Computation of Time Periods . Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Facility Document, in the computation of a period of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including, the word through means to and including and the words to and until both mean to but excluding. Periods of days referred to in any Facility Document shall be counted in calendar days unless Business Days are expressly prescribed. Unless otherwise indicated herein, all references to time of day refer to Eastern standard time or Eastern daylight saving time, as in effect in New York City on such day. 
 SECTION 1.4. Collateral Value Calculation Procedures . In connection with all calculations required to be made pursuant to this Agreement with respect to Scheduled Distributions on any Collateral Loan, or any payments on any other assets included in the Collateral, with respect to the sale of and reinvestment in Collateral Loans, and with respect to the income that can be earned on Scheduled Distributions on such Collateral Loans and on any other amounts that may be received for deposit in the Collection Account, the provisions set forth in this Section 1.04 shall be applied. The provisions of this Section 1.04 shall be applicable to any determination or calculation that is covered by this Section 1.04, whether or not reference is specifically made to Section 1.04, unless some other method of calculation or determination is expressly specified in the particular provision. 
 (a) All calculations with respect to Scheduled Distributions on any Collateral Loan shall be made on the basis of information as to the terms of each such Collateral Loan and upon reports of payments, if any, received on such Collateral Loan that are furnished by or on behalf of the Obligor of such Collateral Loan and, to the extent they are not manifestly 
 -50- 

in error, such information or reports may be conclusively relied upon in making such calculations. 
 (b) For purposes of calculating the Coverage Tests, except as otherwise specified in the Coverage Tests, such calculations will not include (i) scheduled interest and principal payments on Defaulted Collateral Loans and Ineligible Collateral Loans unless or until such payments are actually made or such payments are determined likely to be received by the Servicer pursuant to the definition of Collateral Interest Amount and (ii) ticking fees and other similar fees in respect of Collateral Loans, unless or until such fees are actually paid. 
 (c) For each Collection Period and as of any date of determination, the Scheduled Distribution on any Collateral Loan (other than a Defaulted Collateral Loan or an Ineligible Collateral Loan, which, unless such payments are determined likely to be received by the Servicer pursuant to the definition of Collateral Interest Amount and except as otherwise provided herein, shall be assumed to have Scheduled Distributions of zero) shall be the total amount of (i) payments and collections to be received during such Collection Period in respect of such Collateral Loan, (ii) proceeds of the sale of such Collateral Loan received and, in the case of sales which have not yet settled, to be received during such Collection Period that are not reinvested in additional Collateral Loans or retained in a Collection Account for subsequent reinvestment pursuant to Article X, which proceeds, if received as scheduled, will be available in a Collection Account and available for distribution at the end of such Collection Period and (iii) amounts referred to in clause (i) or (ii) above that were received in prior Collection Periods but were not disbursed on a previous Payment Date or retained in a Collection Account for subsequent reinvestment pursuant to Article X. 
 (d) Each Scheduled Distribution receivable with respect to a Collateral Loan shall be assumed to be received on the applicable Due Date. 
 (e) References in the Priority of Payments to calculations made on a pro forma basis shall mean such calculations after giving effect to all payments, in accordance with the Priority of Payments, that precede (in priority of payment) or include the clause in which such calculation is made. 
 (f) For purposes of calculating all Concentration Limitations, in both the numerator and the denominator of any component of the Concentration Limitations, Ineligible Collateral Loans will be treated as having a Principal Balance equal to zero. 
 (g) Determinations of the Collateral Loans, or portions thereof, that constitute Excess Concentration Amounts will be determined in the way that produces the highest Borrowing Base at the time of determination, it being understood that a Collateral Loan (or portion thereof) that falls into more than one category of Collateral Loans will be deemed, solely for purposes of such determinations, to fall only into the category that produces the highest such Borrowing Base at such time (without duplication). 
 (h) All calculations required to be made hereunder with respect to the Collateral Loans and the Borrowing Base shall be made on a trade date basis and after giving effect to (x) all purchases or sales to be entered into on such trade date and (y) all Advances requested to be made on such trade date plus the balance of all unfunded Advances to be made in connection with the Borrower s purchase of previously requested (and approved) Collateral Loans. 
 (i) Reserved. 
 -51- 

(j) References in this Agreement to the Borrower s purchase or acquisition of a Collateral Loan include references to the Borrower s acquisition of such Collateral Loan by way of a sale and or contribution from the Equityholder and the Borrower s making or origination of such Collateral Loan. Portions of the same Collateral Loan acquired by the Borrower on different dates (whether through purchase, receipt by contribution or the making or origination thereof, but excluding subsequent draws under Revolving Collateral Loans or Delayed Drawdown Collateral Loans) will, for purposes of determining the purchase price of such Collateral Loan, be treated as separate purchases on separate dates (and not a weighted average purchase price for any particular Collateral Loan). 
 (k) For the purposes of calculating compliance with each of the Concentration Limitations all calculations will be rounded to the nearest 0.01 . 
 (l) For purposes of calculating compliance with any test under this Agreement in connection with the acquisition or disposition of a Collateral Loan or Eligible Investment, the trade date (the Trade Date (and not the settlement date) with respect to any such Collateral Loan or Eligible Investment under consideration for acquisition or disposition shall be used to determine whether such acquisition or disposition is permitted hereunder. 
 ARTICLE VII ADVANCES 
 SECTION 1.1. Revolving Credit Facility . On the terms and subject to the conditions hereinafter set forth, including Article III, each Lender severally agrees to make available to the Borrower an uncommitted revolving credit facility providing for Advances under each Tranche from time to time in Dollars on any Business Day during the Reinvestment Period (or immediately thereafter pursuant to Section 8.04), pro rata based on each Lender s unused Commitment as of such date, in each case in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding up to but not exceeding such Lender s Commitment and, as to all Lenders, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding up to but not exceeding the Maximum Available Amount as then in effect provided that, after making any such Advance, each Tranche s Tranche Minimum OC Coverage Test shall be satisfied. 
 Within such limits and subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Borrower may borrow Advances under this Section 2.01 and prepay Advances under Section 2.06. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the parties hereto acknowledge that this is an uncommitted facility and there is no express or implied commitment on the part of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to provide any Advance except that, in the case of Collateral Loans approved by means of an Approval Request or Approved List, the Lenders shall have committed to fund the related Advances (up to the amount(s) specified in the related Approval Request or Approved List) provided that the related conditions precedent set forth in Article III are satisfied. 
 SECTION 1.2. Requests for Collateral Loan Approval . (a) Prior to the Closing Date, the Servicer, on behalf of the Borrower, shall provide to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Borrower) a list of Collateral Loans (the Asset List that the Borrower is requesting be included in the Approved List (as defined below) and which, subject to such inclusion, may be purchased with, if applicable, funds held in the Principal Collection Subaccount, the proceeds of Advances or Principal Proceeds pursuant to Section 10.02. The Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf) and the Administrative Agent shall adhere to the following procedures in requesting and approving Collateral Loans for purchase 
 -52- 

(i) For each Collateral Loan on the Asset List sent to the Administrative Agent or for any single Approval Request pursuant to clause (vii) below, the Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf) may provide a notice by electronic mail that contains the information listed in Exhibit I with respect to each Collateral Loan (which information shall include the amount of the Advance to be requested in order to settle the related purchase) (together with any attachments required in connection therewith, an Approval Request ). 
 (ii) The initial Asset List which the Administrative Agent has approved for purchase by the Borrower is attached hereto as Schedule 9 (such list, the Approved List ), which Approved List may be updated from time to time after the Closing Date by the Borrower with the consent of the Administrative Agent. 
 (iii) From the time the Administrative Agent has provided the Approved List, the Borrower shall have the ability to commit to purchase and purchase any Collateral Loan on the Approved List without further approval by the Administrative Agent only if the Borrower commits to purchase such Collateral Loan within ten (10) Business Days of approval by the Administrative Agent. On the date occurring ten (10) Business Days after the date of approval by the Administrative Agent, any approved Collateral Loan, if not purchased or committed to be purchased by the Borrower, will be deemed to be removed from the Approved List. 
 (iv) The Borrower shall have the ability to request (A) an addition to the Approved List by undertaking similar procedure to clause (vii) below, or (B) a removal from the Approved List. 
 (v) The Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, may rescind its approval for any Collateral Loan on the Approved List at any time by notice to the Servicer in writing provided , that such rescission of approval shall not invalidate any commitment to purchase a Collateral Loan entered into by the Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf), prior to the delivery of such rescission. 
 (vi) As early as commercially practicable, but no later than 12 00 p.m. New York City time on the Business Day following the day that the Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf) purchases a Collateral Loan on the Approved List, the Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf) shall provide by electronic mail to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Borrower and the Custodian) a copy of the Collateral Loan Buy Confirmation. 
 (vii) With respect to Collateral Loans that are not on the Approved List, the Borrower (or the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower) may send an Approval Request at any time to the Administrative Agent. If the Administrative Agent receives an Approval Request by 12 00 p.m. New York City time on any Business Day, the Administrative Agent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to notify the Servicer and Borrower in writing (including via electronic mail) whether it has approved or rejected such Approval Request by 12 00 p.m. New York City time on or prior to the second Business Day thereafter (it being understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that any Approval Request received by the Administrative Agent after 12 00 p.m. New York City time on any Business Day shall be deemed to have been received on the following Business Day) provided further that the Borrower shall have the ability to commit to purchase any Collateral Loan approved and added to the Approved List pursuant to this clause (vii) without further approval by the Administrative Agent only if the Borrower commits to purchase such Collateral Loan within ten (10) Business Days from the date of such approval by the Administrative Agent. On the date occurring ten (10) Business Days after 
 -53- 

the date of such approval by the Administrative Agent, any such approved Collateral Loan, if not purchased or committed to be purchased by the Borrower, will be deemed to be removed from the Approved List. 
 (viii) Reserved. 
 (ix) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall have the right, acting in its sole and absolute discretion, to (A) approve or reject any Approval Request or Approved List, (B) determine which Collateral Loans are included in the Approved List, and (C) request additional information reasonably available to the Borrower regarding any proposed Collateral Loan provided that any rescission of approval shall not invalidate any commitment to purchase a Collateral Loan entered into by the Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf) prior to the delivery of such rescission, in which case, such Collateral Loan shall be deemed to remain approved until settlement of such purchase. 
 SECTION 1.3. Making of the Advances . (a) If the Borrower requires an Advance under this Agreement with respect to any Tranche to purchase a Collateral Loan for which the Approval Request has been approved or which has been identified on the Approved List pursuant to Section 2.02 or to fund the Macomb Merger, it shall provide a written request for such Advance (which request shall be irrevocable and effective upon receipt) to the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent (with a copy to each Lender) (each, a Notice of Borrowing not later than 2 00 p.m. at least one (1) Business Day prior to the day of the requested Advance. 
 Each Notice of Borrowing shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit B, dated the date the request for the related Advance is being made, signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower or the Servicer, as applicable, shall attach a Borrowing Base Calculation Statement (which Borrowing Base Calculation Statement shall give pro forma effect to any Collateral Loans being acquired with the proceeds of such Advance on such date or the following Business Day), and shall otherwise be appropriately completed. In addition, the Servicer must provide to the Administrative Agent for each Collateral Loan that is not a Broadly Syndicated Loan copies of the Asset Information related to such Collateral Loan and such additional materials related to such Collateral Loan as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. Each Notice of Borrowing shall specify the Tranches under which the related Advance shall be allocated. The proposed Borrowing Date specified in each Notice of Borrowing shall be a Business Day falling on or prior to the Commitment Termination Date, the currency of the Advance requested shall be Dollars and the amount of the Advance requested in such Notice of Borrowing (the Requested Amount shall be equal to at least 500,000 or an integral multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof (or, if less, the remaining unfunded Commitments hereunder or, in the case of Revolving Collateral Loans and Delayed Drawdown Collateral Loans, such lesser amount required to be funded by the Borrower in respect thereof). 
 (a) Each Lender shall, not later than 2 00 p.m. on each Borrowing Date in respect of Advances under any Tranche, make its Percentage of the applicable Requested Amount available to the Borrower by disbursing such funds in Dollars to the applicable Principal Collection Subaccount (or in accordance with the wire instructions delivered in connection with the Notice of Borrowing). 
 (b) Reserved. . 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2.03 to the contrary, the Servicer, on behalf of the Borrower, may deliver a Notice of Borrowing to the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent (with a copy to each Lender) after 2 p.m. on the first 
 -54- 

Business Day prior to the proposed Advance and prior to 11 a.m. on the date of the proposed Advance (an Expedited Notice of Borrowing ). Upon receipt of an Expedited Notice of Borrowing, each Lender shall use commercially reasonable efforts to make such Advance on the proposed funding date set forth in the Expedited Notice of Borrowing subject to the terms and conditions for borrowings otherwise set forth in this Agreement provided , that if a Lender is unable to make an Advance pursuant to an Expedited Notice of Borrowing due to the occurrence of a force majeure, or any other unexpected and unforeseen event, including, without limitation, market disruptions, such Lender shall make such Advance subject to the terms and conditions for Advances otherwise set forth in this Agreement as soon as such Lender is reasonably able to do so. 
 SECTION 1.4. Evidence of Indebtedness . (a) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to it and resulting from the Advances made by such Lender to the Borrower, from time to time, including the amounts and currencies of principal and interest thereon and paid to it, from time to time hereunder provided that the failure of any Lender to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Advances in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (a) Any Lender may request that its Advances to the Borrower be evidenced by a Note. In such event, the Borrower shall promptly prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a Note payable to such Lender and otherwise appropriately completed. Thereafter, the Advances of such Lender evidenced by such Note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after any assignment pursuant to Section 13.06(a)) be represented by a Note payable to such Lender (or registered assigns pursuant to Section 13.06(a)), except to the extent that such Lender (or assignee) subsequently returns any such Note for cancellation and requests that such Advances once again be evidenced as described in clause (a) of this Section 2.04. 
 SECTION 1.5. Payment of Principal and Interest . The Borrower shall pay the principal of each Advance and Interest on each Tranche of Advances as follows 
 (a) 100 of the outstanding principal amount of each Advance, together with all accrued and unpaid Interest thereon, shall be payable on the Final Maturity Date. 
 (b) Interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal amount of each Advance from the date of such Advance until such principal amount is paid in full. The Administrative Agent shall, prior to each Payment Date, determine the accrued and unpaid Interest with respect to each Tranche for the related Interest Accrual Period and Commitment Fees payable thereto using the Interest Rate applicable to such Tranche during such Interest Accrual Period to be paid by the Borrower on each Payment Date for the related Interest Accrual Period and shall advise each Lender, the Collateral Agent and the Servicer thereof and shall send a consolidated invoice of all such Interest and Commitment Fees to the Borrower on the third (3rd) Business Day prior to such Payment Date. 
 (c) Accrued and unpaid Interest with respect to each Tranche shall be payable in arrears (i) on each Payment Date, and (ii) in connection with any prepayment of the Advances pursuant to Section 2.06(a) provided that (x) with respect to any prepayment in full of the Advances outstanding, accrued and unpaid Interest on such amount through the date of prepayment shall be payable on such date or as otherwise agreed to between the Lenders and the Borrower and (y) with respect to any partial prepayment of the Advances outstanding, accrued and unpaid Interest on such amount through the date of prepayment shall be payable on the Payment Date following such prepayment (or on such date of prepayment if requested by the Administrative Agent). 
 -55- 

(d) The obligation of the Borrower to pay the Obligations, including the obligation of the Borrower to pay the Lenders the outstanding principal amount of the Advances and accrued interest thereon, shall be absolute and unconditional, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms hereof (including Section 2.15), under any and all circumstances and irrespective of any setoff, counterclaim or defense to payment which the Borrower or any other Person may have or have had against any Secured Party or any other Person except as otherwise provided under the Facility Documents. 
 SECTION 1.6. Prepayment of Advances . 
 (a) Optional Prepayments . The Borrower may, from time to time on any Business Day, voluntarily prepay Advances under one or more Tranche in whole or in part, without penalty or premium provided that the Borrower shall have delivered to the Collateral Agent, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent written notice of such prepayment (such notice, a Notice of Prepayment in the form of Exhibit C not later than 2 00 p.m. two (2) Business Days prior to the date of such prepayment. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders of such Notice of Prepayment. Each such Notice of Prepayment shall specify the portion of the outstanding principal balance under each Tranche that shall be prepaid and be irrevocable and effective upon receipt and shall be dated the date such notice is being given, signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower and otherwise appropriately completed. Each Notice of Prepayment shall provide for prepayment of Advances by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.06(a), in each case, in an aggregate principal amount of at least 500,000 or, if less, the entire outstanding principal amount of the Advances of the Borrower. If a Notice of Prepayment is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. 
 (b) Mandatory Prepayments . The Borrower shall prepay the Advances on each Payment Date in the manner and to the extent provided in the Priority of Payments. 
 (c) Additional Prepayment Provisions . Each prepayment pursuant to this Section 2.06 shall be subject to Sections 2.05(c) and 2.11 and applied to the Advances in accordance with the Lenders respective Percentages. 
 (d) Re-designation of Tranche Advances . The Administrative Agent shall be permitted at any time, upon written notice to the Borrower, each Lender and the Collateral Agent, to re-allocate the aggregate outstanding principal balance under each Tranche so long as after giving effect to such re-allocation, each Tranche s Tranche Minimum OC Coverage Test is satisfied or, if not satisfied, improved. 
 SECTION 1.7. Changes of Commitments . 
 (a) Automatic Reduction and Termination . Subject to the provisions of Section 8.04, the Commitments of each Lender shall be automatically reduced to zero at 5 00 p.m. on the Commitment Termination Date. 
 (b) Optional Reductions . Prior to December 21, 2022, the Borrower shall have the right to terminate or reduce the unused amount of the Facility Amount at any time or from time to time concurrently with the payment of any applicable Commitment Reduction Fee payable in connection therewith upon not less than two (2) Business Days prior notice to the Collateral Agent, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent of each such termination or reduction, which notice shall specify the effective date of such termination or reduction and the amount of any such reduction provided that (i) the amount of any such reduction of the Facility Amount shall be equal to at least 500,000 or an integral multiple of 100,000 in 
 -56- 

excess thereof or, if less, the remaining unused portion thereof, and (ii) no such reduction will reduce the Facility Amount below the sum of (x) the aggregate principal amount of Advances outstanding at such time and (y) the Revolving Exposure at such time. Such notice of termination or reduction shall be irrevocable and effective only upon receipt and shall be applied pro rata to reduce the respective Commitments of each Lender. Except as otherwise set forth herein, upon the occurrence of the Collection Date, this Agreement shall terminate automatically. 
 (c) Effect of Termination or Reduction . The Commitments of the Lenders once terminated or reduced may not be reinstated. Each reduction of the Facility Amount pursuant to this Section 2.07 shall be applied ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments. 
 SECTION 1.8. Maximum Lawful Rate . It is the intention of the parties hereto that the interest on the Advances shall not exceed the maximum rate permissible under Applicable Law. Accordingly, anything herein or in any Note to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event any interest is charged to, collected from or received from or on behalf of the Borrower by the Lenders pursuant hereto or thereto in excess of such maximum lawful rate, then the excess of such payment over that maximum shall be applied first to the payment of amounts then due and owing by the Borrower to the Secured Parties under this Agreement (other than in respect of principal of and interest on the Advances) and then to the reduction of the outstanding principal amount of the Advances of the Borrower. 
 SECTION 1.9. Several Obligations . The failure of any Lender to make any Advance to be made by it on the date specified therefor shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation to make its Advance on such date. Neither Agent shall be responsible for the failure of any Lender to make any Advance, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make an Advance required to be made by such other Lender. 
 SECTION 1.10. Increased Costs . 
 (a) Increased Costs Generally . If any Change in Law shall 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, compulsory loan, insurance charge, special deposit or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for account of, or credit extended by, any Affected Person 
 (ii) subject any Affected Person to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto or 
 (iii) impose on any Affected Person or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense, affecting this Agreement or Advances made by such Affected Person by reference to LIBOR the Benchmark or any participation therein 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Affected Person of making, continuing, converting into or maintaining any Advance made by reference to LIBOR the Benchmark (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Advance) or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Affected Person hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Affected Person for such additional costs incurred 
 -57- 

or reduction suffered as specified in a certificate delivered to the Borrower pursuant to clause (c) of this Section 2.10. 
 (b) Capital Requirements . If any Affected Person determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Affected Person s capital or on the capital of such Affected Person s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Advances made by such Affected Person to a level below that which such Affected Person or such Affected Person s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Affected Person s policies and the policies of such Affected Person s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity coverage), by an amount deemed to be material by such Affected Person, then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Affected Person in Dollars, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Affected Person or such Affected Person s holding company for any such reduction suffered or charge imposed provided that the amounts payable under this Section 2.10(b) shall be without duplication of amounts payable under Section 13.03 and shall not include any Excluded Taxes. 
 (c) Certificates from Lenders . A certificate of an Affected Person setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for such demand and the amount or amounts, in Dollars, necessary to compensate such Affected Person or its holding company as specified in clause (a) or (b) of this Section 2.10 shall be promptly delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such amount shown as due on any such certificate on the next Payment Date after receipt thereof. 
 (d) Delay in Requests . Failure or delay on the part of any Affected Person to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 2.10 shall not constitute a waiver of such Affected Person s right to demand such compensation provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate an Affected Person pursuant to this Section 2.10 for any costs, reductions, penalties or interest incurred more than nine months prior to the date that such Affected Person notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to any increased costs or reductions and of such Affected Person s intention to claim compensation therefor provided , further , that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 (e) Lending Office . Upon the occurrence of any event giving rise to the Borrower s obligation to pay additional amounts to a Lender pursuant to clauses (a) or (b) of this Section 2.10, such Lender will, if requested by the Borrower, use reasonable efforts (subject to overall policy considerations of such Lender) to designate a different lending office if such designation would reduce or obviate the obligations of the Borrower to make future payments of such additional amounts provided that such designation is made on such terms that such Lender and its lending office suffer no unreimbursed cost or material legal or regulatory disadvantage (as reasonably determined by such Lender), with the object of avoiding future consequence of the event giving rise to the operation of any such provision. 
 SECTION 1.11. Compensation Breakage Payments . The Borrower agrees to compensate each Affected Person from time to time, on the Payment Date (or on the applicable date of prepayment) immediately following such Affected Person s written request (which request shall set forth the basis for requesting such amounts) in accordance with the Priority of Payments, for all reasonable and documented actual losses, expenses and liabilities (including any interest paid by such Affected Person to lenders of funds borrowed to make or carry an Advance bearing interest that was computed by reference to the Benchmark and any loss sustained by such Affected Person in connection with the re-employment of such funds but 
 -58- 

excluding loss of anticipated profits), which such Affected Person may sustain (i) if for any reason (including any failure of a condition precedent set forth in Article III but excluding a default by the applicable Lender) any Advance bearing interest that was computed by reference to the Benchmark by the Borrower does not occur on the Borrowing Date specified therefor in the applicable Notice of Borrowing delivered by the Borrower, and (ii) if any payment or prepayment of any Advance bearing interest that was computed by reference to Benchmark is not made on a Payment Date or pursuant to a Notice of Prepayment given by the Borrower. A certificate as to any amounts payable pursuant to this Section 2.11 submitted to the Borrower by any Lender (with a copy to the Agents, and accompanied by a reasonably detailed calculation of such amounts and a description of the basis for requesting such amounts) shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. 
 SECTION 1.12. Illegality Inability to Determine Rates . Subject to Section 2.18 , if, on or prior to the first day of any Interest Accrual Period or prior to the date of any Advance, as applicable, the Administrative Agent determines 
 (a) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof, or 
 (b) the Required Lenders determine that for any reason adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining LIBOR for the applicable Advances in connection with any request for an Advance or a conversion thereto or a continuation thereof that Term SOFR for any requested Interest Accrual Period with respect to a proposed Advance does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making and maintaining such Advance , the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower, the Collateral Agent and each Lender provided that each such Lender has made a similar determination with respect to similarly situated borrowers in similar facilities. Thereafter, the . Upon notice thereof by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, any obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Advances with reference to Term SOFR shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Advances or affected Interest Accrual Periods) until the Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice . (it being understood that the occurrence of any such event shall not require repayment of any Advances). Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Advances (to the extent of the affected Advances or affected Interest Accrual Periods) or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for Advances in the amount specified therein bearing interest at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin and (ii) any outstanding affected Advances will be deemed to have been converted into Advances bearing interest at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin at the end of the applicable Interest Accrual Period. Upon any such conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so converted, together with any applicable breakage payments under Section 2.11. 
 SECTION 1.13. Rescission or Return of Payment . The Borrower agrees that, if at any time (including after the occurrence of the Final Maturity Date) all or any part of any payment theretofore made by it to any Secured Party or any designee of a Secured Party is or must be rescinded or returned for any reason whatsoever (including the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates), the obligation of the Borrower to make such payment to such Secured Party shall, for the purposes of this Agreement, to the extent that such payment is or must be rescinded or returned, be deemed to have continued in existence and this Agreement and any other applicable Facility Document shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, as to such obligations, all as though such payment had not been made. 
 -59- 

SECTION 1.14. Post-Default Interest . The Borrower shall pay interest on all Obligations (other than any Administrative Expenses) that are not paid when due for the period from the due date thereof until the date the same is paid in full at the Post-Default Rate. Interest payable at the Post-Default Rate shall be payable on each Payment Date in accordance with the Priority of Payments. 
 SECTION 1.15. Payments Generally . (a) All amounts owing and payable to any Secured Party, any Affected Person or any Indemnified Party, in respect of the Advances and other Obligations, including the principal thereof, interest, fees, indemnities, expenses or other amounts payable under this Agreement or any other Facility Document, shall be paid by the Borrower to the applicable recipient in Dollars, in immediately available funds, in accordance with the Priority of Payments, and all without counterclaim, setoff, deduction, defense, abatement, suspension or deferment. Each Lender shall provide wire instructions to the Borrower and the Collateral Agent. All payments made by the Collateral Agent pursuant to a Payment Date Report on any Payment Date shall be wired by the Collateral Agent by 2 00 p.m. on such Payment Date. Prepayments to be made pursuant to Section 2.06 for which the Collateral Agent has received a Notice of Prepayment two (2) Business Days prior to the scheduled date of prepayment shall be wired by the Collateral Agent by 2 00 p.m. on such date. All other payments by the Borrower must be received by the Collateral Agent on or prior to 3 00 p.m. on a Business Day (the Collateral Agent shall then wire such funds to the Lenders by 5 00 p.m. on such Business Day) provided that, payments received by the Collateral Agent after 3 00 p.m. or payments received by the Lenders after 5 00 p.m. on a Business Day will be deemed to have been paid on the next following Business Day. For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of Section 6.01, amounts paid by the Borrower shall be deemed received upon payment by the Borrower to the Collateral Agent. At no time will the Collateral Agent have any duty (express or implied) to fund (or front or advance) any amount owing by the Borrower hereunder. 
 (a) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all computations of interest, fees and other Obligations shall be made on the basis of a year of 360 days for the actual number of days elapsed in computing interest on any Advance, the date of the making of the Advance shall be included and the date of payment shall be excluded provided that, if an Advance is repaid on the same day on which it is made, one day s Interest shall be paid on such Advance. All computations made by the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Facility Document shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 SECTION 1.16. Extension of Commitment Termination Date . The Borrower shall have an option to extend the Commitment Termination Date one time, not longer than one year, subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent 
 (a) each of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent consent to the extension in their sole discretion (written notice of such consent to be delivered to Borrower together with the requested extension fee (if applicable) no later than thirty (30) days following receipt of the Extension Request delivered pursuant to clause (e) below provided that if the Borrower fails to receive such consent from the Administrative Agent or any Lender within such thirty-day period, the Administrative Agent and such Lender, as applicable, shall be deemed to have denied such Extension Request) 
 (b) as of the effective date of such extension, the representations and warranties of the Borrower, the Equityholder and the Servicer set forth herein and in the other Facility Documents are true and correct in all material respects with the same force and effect as if made on and as of such date (except to the extent that such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date) provided that if a representation or warranty is 
 -60- 

qualified as to materiality, with respect to such representation or warranty, the foregoing materiality qualifier shall be disregarded for the purposes of this condition 
 (c) the Borrower shall have paid an extension fee to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Lender, in an amount to be mutually agreed upon by the Borrower and such Lender 
 (d) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date on which notice is given in accordance with the following clause (e) or on the Commitment Termination Date then in effect and 
 (e) the Borrower shall have delivered an Extension Request with respect to the Commitment Termination Date to Administrative Agent not earlier than one year after the Closing Date and not later than one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the Commitment Termination Date then in effect (which shall be promptly forwarded by Administrative Agent to each Lender). 
 SECTION 1.17. Defaulting Lenders . (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law 
 (i) That Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in Section 13.01(d). 
 (ii) Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of that Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, or otherwise), shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows first , to the payment of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder second , as the Borrower may request (so long as no Event of Default or Default exists), to the funding of any Advance in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent third , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held as cash collateral for future funding obligations of that Defaulting Lender to fund Advances under this Agreement fourth , to the payment of any amounts owing to other Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement fifth , so long as no Event of Default or Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by such Borrower against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement and sixth , to that Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction provided that if such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Advances in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Advances of all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Advances of that Defaulting Lender. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to this Section 2.17 shall be deemed paid to and redirected by that Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
 -61- 

(iii) For any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender, that Defaulting Lender shall not be entitled to receive any Commitment Fee for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to such Defaulting Lender). 
 (a) If the Administrative Agent and the Borrower agree that a Defaulting Lender should no longer be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any cash collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase that portion of outstanding Advances of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Advances to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their relative Commitments, whereupon that Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrowers while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender and provided, further , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 SECTION 1.18. Effect of Benchmark Transition Event . (a) Without prejudice to any other provision of this Agreement, each party hereto acknowledges and agrees for the benefit of each of the other parties hereto (x) LIBOR (i) may be subject to methodological or other changes which could affect their value, and or (ii) may be permanently discontinued and (y) the occurrence of any of the aforementioned events and or a Benchmark Transition Event may have adverse consequences which may materially impact the economics of the financing transactions contemplated under this Agreement. Benchmark Replacement Setting . 
 (a) (b) Benchmark Replacement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Facility Document, if upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of a , the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current Benchmark , then (x) if with a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date or in connection with an Early Opt-in Election, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Facility Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Facility Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date or in connection with an Early Opt-in Election, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Facility Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after . Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective at 5 00 p.m. New York City time on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Facility Document Administrative Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all affected Lenders and the Borrower so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement amendment from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. No replacement of a Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section 2.18(a) will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date. 
 -62- 

(c) Term SOFR Transition Event . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Facility Document and subject to the proviso below in this paragraph, solely with respect to a Dollar Advance, if a Term SOFR Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of a then-current Benchmark, then the applicable Benchmark Replacement will replace such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder or under any Facility Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to , this Agreement or any other Facility Document provided that, this clause (ii) shall not be effective unless the Administrative Agent has delivered to the Lenders and the Borrower a Term SOFR Notice. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to deliver a Term SOFR Notice after a Term SOFR Transition Event and may do so in its sole discretion. 
 (b) (d) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes . In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Facility Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Facility Document provided that the Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Servicer and all the parties hereto of any such amendment . 
 (c) (e) Notices Standards for Decisions and Determinations . The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower, the Lenders, the Servicer, the Collateral Agent and the Equityholder of (A) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, (B Servicer and the Lenders of (i the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement , and C ii the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes , (D) in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower of (x) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause Section 2.18 v d below and E y the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.18, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Facility Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.18. 
 (d) (f) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Facility Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (x) if a the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will be no longer not be representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Benchmark Determination Interest Accrual Period for any applicable (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (y) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (x) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement 
 -63- 

that it is not or will no longer not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Benchmark Determination Interest Accrual Period for all applicable (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 (e) (g) Benchmark Unavailability Period . Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any Notice of Borrowing, conversion to or continuation of Advances to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request for an Advance into a Notice of Borrowing of or request for a conversion to Advances bearing interest at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin. 
 (h) None of the Collateral Agent, the Custodian or the Securities Intermediary will have any responsibility for the selection or determination of an alternate benchmark rate (including, without limitation, any Benchmark Replacement or other replacement index adopted pursuant to an amendment to this Agreement) or an liability for any failure, or delay in performing their duties hereunder solely as a result of the unavailability of LIBOR, the Benchmark Replacement or any other benchmark rate herein 
 (f) Term SOFR Conforming Changes. In connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Facility Document , any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Facility Document . The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR. 
 (g) (i) Certain Defined Terms . As used in this Section 2.18 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark , as applicable, component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an Benchmark Determination Period interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Benchmark Determination Interest Accrual Period pursuant to clause e d of this Section 2.18. 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date provided that, in the case of any Advance denominated in an Available Currency other than Dollars, Benchmark Replacement shall mean the alternative set forth in clause (3) below 
 1. (1) the sum of (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
 -64- 

2. (2) the sum of (a) Daily Simple SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
 3. (3) Benchmark Replacement means with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for a then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for such to the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Available Currency at such time and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
 provided that, if such Benchmark Replacement as so provided that, in the case of clause (1), such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion provided further that, solely with respect to a Dollar Advance, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any other Facility Document, upon the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event, and the delivery of a Term SOFR Notice, on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date the Benchmark Replacement shall revert to and shall be deemed to be the sum of (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, as set forth in clause (1) of this definition (subject to the first proviso above). 
 If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1), (2) or (3) above would be less than the Floor, the such Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Facility Documents. 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of a then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Benchmark Determination Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement 
 4. (1) for purposes of clauses (1) and (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent 
 (a) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Benchmark Determination Period that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for the applicable Corresponding Tenor 
 (b) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Benchmark Determination Period that would apply to the fallback rate for a derivative transaction referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon an index cessation event with respect to such Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and 
 (2) for purposes of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement , Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement , the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or 
 -65- 

zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor (or the Servicer on its behalf) giving due consideration to x a any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date or y b any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Available Currency at such time. 
 provided that, in the case of clause (1) above, such adjustment is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such Benchmark Replacement Adjustment from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of the definition of Business Day, the definition of Benchmark Determination Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides in its reasonable discretion may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Facility Documents). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means , with respect to any Benchmark , the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such the then-current Benchmark 
 (1) (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (2) (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date of the public on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication of information referenced therein in such clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 
 5. (3) in the case of a Term SOFR Transition Event, the date that is thirty (30) days after the date a Term SOFR Notice is provided to the Lenders and the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.18(c) or 
 -66- 

6. (4) in the case of an Early Opt-in Election, the sixth (6th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by 5 00 p.m. New York City time on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) above with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means , with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such the then-current Benchmark 
 (1) (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 (2) (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, any other Relevant Governmental Body, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component thereof ), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component thereof or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component thereof ), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (3) (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 -67- 

Benchmark Transition Start Date means, in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (1) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and (2) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication). 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means , with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Facility Document in accordance with Section 2.18 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Facility Document in accordance with Section 2.18. 
 Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for business loans provided, that if the Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. 
 Early Opt-in Election means, if the then-current Benchmark is LIBOR, the occurrence of 
 (1) a notification by the Administrative Agent to (or the request by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent to notify) each of the other parties hereto that at least five currently outstanding Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time contain (as a result of amendment or as originally executed) a SOFR-based rate (including SOFR, a term SOFR or any other rate based upon SOFR) as a benchmark rate (and such syndicated credit facilities are identified in such notice and are publicly available for review), and 
 7. (2) the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to trigger a fallback from LIBOR and the provision by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Lenders. 
 Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 
 Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to LIBOR. 
 ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto. 
 -68- 

NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 NYFRB s Website means the website of the NYFRB at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
 Reference Time with respect to any setting of a then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is LIBOR, 11 00 a.m. (London time) on the day that is two Business Days preceding the date of such setting and (2) for any other Benchmark, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board or the NYFRB , or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board or the NYFRB , or any successor thereto. 
 SOFR means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such Business Day published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website at approximately 8 00 a .m. (New York City time) on the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
 SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the NYFRB s Website, currently at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 Term SOFR means, for the applicable Corresponding Tenor as of the applicable Reference Time, the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. 
 Term SOFR Notice means a notification by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders and the Borrower of the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event. 
 Term SOFR Transition Event means the determination by the Administrative Agent that (a) Term SOFR has been recommended for use by the Relevant Governmental Body, (b) the administration of Term SOFR is administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent and (c) a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, has previously occurred resulting in a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with Section 2.18 that is not Term SOFR. 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 (j) London Interbank Offered Rate Benchmark Transition Event . On March 5, 2021, the ICE Benchmark Administration (the IBA ), the administrator of the London interbank offered rate, and the Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA ), the regulatory supervisor of the IBA, announced in public statements (the Announcements that the final publication or representativeness date for (i) 1-week and 2-month London interbank offered rate tenor settings will be December 31, 2021 and (ii) overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month London interbank offered rate tenor settings will be June 30, 2023. No successor administrator for the IBA was identified in such Announcements. The parties hereto agree and acknowledge that the Announcements resulted in the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event with respect to LIBOR pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and that any obligation of the Administrative 
 -69- 

Agent to notify any parties of such Benchmark Transition Event pursuant to Section 2.18(e) shall be deemed satisfied. 
 ARTICLE VIII CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 SECTION 1.1. Conditions Precedent to Initial Advance . The obligation of each Lender to make its initial Advance hereunder shall be subject to the conditions precedent that the Administrative Agent shall have received on or before the Closing Date the following, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (a) each of the Facility Documents (other than the Collateral Agent Fee Letter which shall be delivered directly to the Collateral Agent) duly executed and delivered by the parties thereto, which shall each be in full force and effect 
 (b) true and complete copies of the Constituent Documents of the Borrower, the Equityholder and the Servicer as in effect on the Closing Date 
 (c) a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying (i) as to its Constituent Documents, (ii) as to its resolutions or other action of its designated manager approving this Agreement and the other Facility Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, (iii) that its representations and warranties set forth in the Facility Documents to which it is a party are true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date (except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to any earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date), (iv) that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and (v) as to the incumbency and specimen signature of each of its Responsible Officers authorized to execute the Facility Documents to which it is a party 
 (d) Reserved 
 (e) Reserved 
 (f) a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Servicer certifying, respectively, (i) as to its Constituent Documents, (ii) as to its resolutions or other action of its board of directors or members approving this Agreement and the other Facility Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, (iii) that its representations and warranties set forth in the Facility Documents to which it is a party are true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date (except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to any earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date), and (iv) as to the incumbency and specimen signature of each of its Responsible Officers authorized to execute the Facility Documents to which it is a party 
 (g) financing statements (or the equivalent thereof in any applicable foreign jurisdiction, as applicable) in proper form for filing on the Closing Date, under the UCC with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and any other applicable filing office in any applicable jurisdiction that the Administrative Agent deems necessary or desirable in order to perfect the interests in the Collateral contemplated by this Agreement 
 -70- 

(h) copies of proper financing statement amendments (or the equivalent thereof in any applicable foreign jurisdiction, as applicable), if any, necessary to release all security interests and other rights of any Person in the Collateral previously granted by the Borrower, the Equityholder or any transferor 
 (i) legal opinions (addressed to each of the Secured Parties) of counsel to the Borrower, the Equityholder, the Servicer, the Collateral Agent and the Custodian, covering such matters as the Administrative Agent and its counsel shall reasonably request 
 (j) evidence reasonably satisfactory to it that all of the Covered Accounts shall have been established, and the Account Control Agreement shall have been executed and delivered by the Borrower, the Collateral Agent and the Custodian and shall be in full force and effect 
 (k) evidence that (i) all fees and expenses due and payable to each Lender on or prior to the Closing Date have been received or will be received contemporaneously with the Closing Date (ii) the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft LLP, counsel to the Administrative Agent, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby (to the extent invoiced prior the Closing Date) and (iii) all other reasonable and documented up-front expenses and fees (including legal fees of outside counsel and any fees required under the Collateral Agent Fee Letter) that are, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), invoiced at least one Business Day prior to the Closing Date, shall have been paid by the Borrower 
 (l) delivery of such Collateral (including any promissory note, executed assignment agreements and Word or pdf copies of the principal credit agreement for each initial Collateral Loan, to the extent received by the Borrower) in accordance with the Custodian Agreement shall have been effected 
 (m) a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, dated as of the Closing Date, certifying to the effect that, in the case of each item of Collateral pledged to the Collateral Agent, on the Closing Date and, in the case of clauses (i) through (iii) below, immediately prior to the delivery thereof on the Closing Date 
 (i) the Borrower is the owner of such Collateral free and clear of any Liens except for those which are being released on the Closing Date or Permitted Liens 
 (ii) the Borrower has not assigned, pledged or otherwise encumbered any interest in such Collateral (or, if any such interest has been assigned, pledged or otherwise encumbered, it has been released) other than Permitted Liens or interests granted pursuant to this Agreement and 
 (iii) upon grant by the Borrower, the Collateral Agent has a first priority perfected security interest in the Collateral, except Permitted Liens or as permitted by this Agreement and 
 (n) such other opinions, instruments, certificates and documents from the Borrower as the Agents or any Lender shall have reasonably requested. 
 SECTION 1.2. Conditions Precedent to Each Advance . The obligation of each Lender to make each Advance to be made by it (including the initial Advance) on each Borrowing Date shall be subject to the fulfillment of the following conditions provided that the conditions described in clauses (d) and (e) (other than a Default or Event of Default described in Section 6.01(i)) below need not be satisfied if the proceeds of the Advance are used to fund 
 -71- 

Revolving Collateral Loans or Delayed Drawdown Collateral Loans then owned by the Borrower to fund the Revolving Reserve Account to the extent required under Section 8.04 
 (a) subject to Section 2.02, the Administrative Agent must have received and approved an Approval Request for the Collateral Loan the Borrower intends to purchase with the proceeds of the Advance and such approval has not expired or been rescinded or the Collateral Loan the Borrower intends to purchase with the proceeds of the Advance must be on the current Approved List and such inclusion on the Approved List has not expired or been rescinded 
 (b) the Administrative Agent shall have received a Notice of Borrowing with respect to such Advance (including the Borrowing Base Calculation Statement attached thereto, all duly completed) delivered in accordance with Section 2.03 
 (c) immediately before and after the making of such Advance on the applicable Borrowing Date, each Coverage Test shall be satisfied and the Tranche Minimum OC Coverage Test for each Tranche shall be satisfied (as demonstrated on the Borrowing Base Calculation Statement attached to such Notice of Borrowing) 
 (d) each of the representations and warranties of the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder contained in the Facility Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such Borrowing Date (except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to any earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date as if made on such date) 
 (e) no Default, Event of Default, Potential Servicer Removal Event or Servicer Removal Event shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of the making of such Advance or shall result upon the making of such Advance 
 (f) the Reinvestment Period shall not have terminated and 
 (g) after giving effect to such Advance, the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Advances shall not exceed the lesser of (x) the Maximum Facility Amount and (y) an amount equal to 
 (i) the Aggregate Net Collateral Balance, minus 
 (ii) the Minimum Equity Amount, plus 
 (iii) the aggregate amounts on deposit in the Principal Collection Subaccount constituting Principal Proceeds. 
 ARTICLE IX REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 SECTION 1.1. Representations and Warranties of the Borrower . The Borrower represents and warrants to each of the Secured Parties on and as of each Measurement Date, as follows 
 (a) Due Organization . It is a limited liability company duly incorporated and validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with full power and authority to own 
 -72- 

and operate its assets and properties, conduct the business in which it is now engaged and to execute and deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Facility Documents to which it is a party. 
 (b) Due Qualification . It is duly qualified to do business and, to the extent applicable, is in good standing in each other jurisdiction in which the nature of its business, assets and properties, including the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, the other Facility Documents to which it is a party and its Constituent Documents, requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (c) Due Authorization Execution and Delivery Legal, Valid and Binding Enforceability . The execution and delivery by it, and the performance of its obligations under, the Facility Documents to which it is a party and the other instruments, certificates and agreements contemplated thereby are within its powers and have been duly authorized by all requisite action by it and have been duly executed and delivered by it and constitute its legal, valid and binding obligations enforceable against it in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally or general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 (d) The Equityholder (i) is not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, and (ii) has elected to be treated a business development corporation for purposes of the Investment Company Act. 
 (e) Non-Contravention . None of the execution and delivery by it of this Agreement or the other Facility Documents to which it is a party, the Advances or the pledge of the Collateral hereunder, the consummation of the transactions herein or therein contemplated, or compliance by it with the terms, conditions and provisions hereof or thereof, will (i) conflict with, or result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under its Constituent Documents or (ii) conflict with or contravene in any material respect, and with respect to clause (B), result in the creation of a Lien (other than Permitted Liens) under, (A) any Applicable Law, (B) any indenture, agreement or other contractual restriction binding on or affecting it or any of its assets, including any Related Document, or (C) any order, writ, judgment, award, injunction or decree binding on or affecting it or any of its assets or properties. 
 (f) Governmental Authorizations Private Authorizations Governmental Filings . It has obtained, maintained and kept in full force and effect all material Governmental Authorizations and material Private Authorizations which are necessary for it to properly carry out its business, and made all material Governmental Filings necessary for the execution and delivery by it of the Facility Documents to which it is a party, the Advances under this Agreement, the pledge of the Collateral under this Agreement and the performance by it of its obligations under this Agreement and the other Facility Documents to which it is a party. 
 (g) Compliance with Agreements, Laws, Etc. It has duly observed and complied in all material respects with all Applicable Laws relating to the conduct of its business and its assets. It has preserved and kept in full force and effect its legal existence. It has preserved and kept in full force and effect its rights, privileges, qualifications and franchises, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 -73- 

(h) Location . Its office in which it maintains its limited liability company books and records is located at the addresses set forth on Schedule 5. Its registered office and jurisdiction of organization is the jurisdiction referred to in Section 4.01(a). 
 (i) Investment Company Act . Neither it nor the pool of Collateral is required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 (j) ERISA . Neither it nor any member of the ERISA Group has, or during the past five years had, any liability or obligation with respect to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (k) Taxes . It is a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes. It has filed all income tax returns and all other material tax returns which are required to be filed by it, if any, and has paid all income taxes and all other material taxes shown to be due and payable on such returns, if any, or pursuant to any assessment received by any such Person other than any such taxes, assessments or charges that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which appropriate reserves in accordance with GAAP have been established. 
 (l) Filings and Stamp Taxes . This Agreement is in proper legal form under the applicable law of the jurisdiction of incorporation or formation of the Borrower for the enforcement hereof or thereof against the Borrower, and to ensure legality, validity, enforceability, priority or admissibility in evidence of this Agreement it is not necessary that (i) this Agreement, or any other document be filed, registered or recorded with, or executed or notarized before, any court or other authority in the jurisdiction of incorporation or formation of the Borrower or (ii) that any registration charge or stamp or similar tax be paid in any jurisdiction on or in respect of this Agreement or any other document. 
 (m) Plan Assets . Its assets are not treated and during the term of this Agreement will not be treated as plan assets for purposes of 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 and Section 3(42) of ERISA (the Plan Asset Rule and the Collateral is not and during the term of this Agreement will not be deemed to be plan assets for purposes of the Plan Asset Rule. 
 (n) Solvency . After giving effect to each Advance hereunder, and the disbursement of the proceeds of such Advance, it is and will be Solvent. 
 (o) Representations Relating to the Collateral . (i) It owns and has good and marketable legal and beneficial title to all Collateral Loans and other Collateral free and clear of any Lien or claim of any Person, other than Permitted Liens 
 (i) Except for Permitted Liens or as contemplated by the Facility Documents, it has not pledged, assigned, sold, granted a security interest in, or otherwise conveyed any of the Collateral. It has not authorized the filing of and is not aware of any financing statements or any equivalent filing in any applicable jurisdiction against it that include a description of collateral covering the Collateral other than any financing statement or any equivalent filing in any applicable jurisdiction relating to the security interest granted to the Collateral Agent hereunder or that has been terminated and it is not aware of any judgment, PBGC liens or tax lien filings against it or any of its assets 
 (ii) the Collateral constitutes Money, Cash, accounts (as defined in Section 9-102(a)(2) of the UCC), Instruments, general intangibles (as defined in Section 9-102(a)(42) of the UCC), Uncertificated Securities, Certificated Securities or 
 -74- 

Security Entitlements to Financial Assets resulting from the crediting of Financial Assets to a securities account (as defined in Section 8-501(a) of the UCC) 
 (iii) all Covered Accounts constitute securities accounts under Section 8-501(a) of the UCC 
 (iv) this Agreement creates a valid, continuing and, upon Delivery of Collateral, filing of the financing statements referred to in clause (viii) below and execution of the Account Control Agreement, perfected security interest (as defined in Section 1-201(37) of the UCC) in the Collateral in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit and security of the Secured Parties, which security interest is prior to all other Liens (other than Permitted Liens) and claims and is enforceable as such against creditors of and purchasers from it, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally or general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law 
 (v) it has received all consents and approvals required by the terms of the Related Documents in respect of such Collateral to the pledge hereunder to the Collateral Agent of its interest and rights in such Collateral 
 (vi) with respect to the Collateral that constitutes Security Entitlements, all such Collateral has been and will have been credited to the applicable Covered Account and the Securities Intermediary for each Covered Account has agreed to treat all assets credited to such Covered Account as Financial Assets 
 (vii) with respect to Collateral that constitutes accounts or general intangibles (as defined in Section 9-102(a)(42) of the UCC), it has caused or will have caused, on or prior to the Closing Date, the filing of all appropriate financing statements in the proper filing office in the appropriate jurisdictions under Applicable Law in order to perfect the security interest in the Collateral granted to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit and security of the Secured Parties, hereunder (which it hereby agrees may be an all assets filing) 
 (viii) it has taken all steps necessary to enable the Collateral Agent to obtain control (within the meaning of the UCC) with respect to each Covered Account 
 (ix) the Covered Accounts are in its name and not in the name of any other Person. It has not instructed the Securities Intermediary of any Covered Account to comply with the entitlement order of any Person other than the Collateral Agent provided that, until the Collateral Agent delivers a notice of exclusive control, it and the Servicer may cause Cash in the Covered Accounts to be invested in Eligible Investments, and the proceeds thereof to be paid and distributed in accordance with this Agreement and 
 (x) all Covered Accounts constitute securities accounts as defined in Section 8-501(a) of the UCC. 
 (p) Eligibility . (i) The information contained in each Notice of Borrowing delivered pursuant to Section 2.03, is an accurate and complete listing of all Collateral Loans included in the Collateral as of the related Borrowing Date and the information contained therein with respect to the identity of such Collateral Loan and the amounts owing thereunder is true, correct and complete as of the related Borrowing Date and (ii) with respect to each Collateral Loan included in any calculation of the Borrowing Base or OC Ratio, such 
 -75- 

Collateral Loan is an Eligible Collateral Loan at such time provided that, notwithstanding anything to contrary contained herein, to the extent any such Collateral Loan is repurchased or otherwise removed from the Borrowing Base pursuant to the Loan Sale Agreement, then no such breach of the foregoing clause (ii) shall constitute an Event of Default or other breach of this Agreement. 
 (q) Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Terrorism Laws . None of the Borrower, its subsidiaries, their respective directors or officers, or, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, their respective agents or employees or its Affiliates, has engaged in any activity or conduct which would violate any applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-terrorism or anti-money laundering laws, regulations or rules in any applicable jurisdiction and the Borrower and its Affiliates have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to prevent violation of such laws, regulations and rules. 
 (r) Sanctions . None of the Borrower, its subsidiaries, their respective directors or officers, or, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, their respective agents or employees or its Affiliates, is a Person that is, or is owned or controlled by Persons that are (i) the target of any Sanctions (a Sanctioned Person or (ii) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions broadly prohibiting dealings with such government, country, or territory (a Sanctioned Country ). 
 (s) No Default . Neither it nor any of its subsidiaries is in default under or with respect to any contractual obligation or restriction that could, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (t) No Proceedings . There is no litigation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to its knowledge, threatened against it before any Governmental Authority (i) asserting the invalidity of any Facility Document to which it is a party, (ii) seeking to prevent the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by any Facility Document to which it is a party or (iii) that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (u) Information . All information heretofore or hereafter furnished by it or on its behalf to any Secured Party in connection with the Facility Documents or any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby is and will be (when taken as a whole) true, complete and correct in all material respects as of the date such information is stated or certified and does not and will not omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not misleading provided that solely with respect to information furnished by the Borrower which was provided to the Borrower from an Obligor with respect to a Collateral Loan, such information shall only need to be true, complete and correct to the actual knowledge of the Borrower provided further that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information represents the Borrower s good faith estimates as of the date of preparation thereof, based upon methods and data the Borrower believes to be reasonable and accurate, but actual results during the periods covered by such projections may differ materially from such projections. 
 (v) Procedures . In selecting and disposing of the Collateral, no selection procedures were employed which are intended to be adverse to the interests of any Secured Party. 
 -76- 

SECTION 1.2. Representations and Warranties of the Servicer . The Servicer represents and warrants to each of the other Secured Parties on and as of each Measurement Date, as follows 
 (a) Due Organization . It is a statutory trust formed and validly existing under the laws of Delaware, with full power and authority to own and operate its assets and properties, conduct the business in which it is now engaged and to execute and deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Facility Documents to which it is a party. 
 (b) Due Qualification . It is duly qualified to do business and, to the extent applicable, is in good standing in each other jurisdiction in which the nature of its business, assets and properties, including the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, the other Facility Documents to which it is a party and its Constituent Documents, requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (c) Due Authorization Execution and Delivery Legal, Valid and Binding Enforceability . The execution and delivery by it, and the performance of its obligations under the Facility Documents to which it is a party and the other instruments, certificates and agreements contemplated thereby are within its powers and have been duly authorized by all requisite action by it and have been duly executed and delivered by it and constitute its legal, valid and binding obligations enforceable against it in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally or general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 (d) Reserved . 
 (e) Non-Contravention . None of the execution and delivery by it of this Agreement or the other Facility Documents to which it is a party, the consummation of the transactions herein or therein contemplated, or compliance by it with the terms, conditions and provisions hereof or thereof, will (i) conflict with, or result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under its Constituent Documents or (ii) conflict with or contravene in any material respect, and with respect to clause (B), result in the creation of a Lien (other than Permitted Liens) under, (A) any Applicable Law, (B) any indenture, agreement or other contractual restriction binding on or affecting it or any of its assets, including any Related Document, or (C) any order, writ, judgment, award, injunction or decree binding on or affecting it or any of its assets or properties, except, in the case of clauses (A), (B) and (C) above, where such conflict, contravention, breach, violation or default could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (f) Governmental Authorizations Private Authorizations Governmental Filings . It has obtained, maintained and kept in full force and effect all material Governmental Authorizations and material Private Authorizations which are necessary for it to properly carry out its business, and made all material Governmental Filings necessary for the execution and delivery by it of the Facility Documents to which it is a party and the performance by it of its obligations under this Agreement and the other Facility Documents to which it is a party. 
 (g) Compliance with Agreements, Laws, Etc. It has duly observed and complied in all material respects with all Applicable Laws relating to the conduct of its business and its assets. It has preserved and kept in full force and effect its legal existence. It has preserved and kept in full force and effect its rights, privileges, qualifications and 
 -77- 

franchises, except where the failure to do so world not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (h) Reserved . 
 (i) Taxes . It has filed all income tax returns and all other material tax returns which are required to be filed by it, if any, and has paid all income taxes and all other material taxes shown to be due and payable on such returns, if any, or pursuant to any assessment received by any such Person other than any such taxes, assessments or charges that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which appropriate reserves in accordance with GAAP have been established. 
 (j) Reserved . 
 (k) Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Terrorism Laws . None of the Servicer, its subsidiaries, their respective directors or officers, or, to the best knowledge of the Servicer, their respective agents or employees or its Affiliates, has engaged in any activity or conduct which would violate any applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-terrorism or anti-money laundering laws, regulations or rules in any applicable jurisdiction and the Servicer and its Affiliates have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to prevent violation of such laws, regulations and rules. 
 (l) Sanctions . None of the Servicer, its subsidiaries, their respective directors or officers, or, to the best knowledge of the Servicer, their respective agents or employees or its Affiliates, is a Person that is, or is owned or controlled by Persons that are (i) a Sanctioned Person or (ii) located, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country. 
 (m) Reserved . 
 (n) No Proceedings . There is no litigation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to its knowledge, threatened against it before any Governmental Authority (i) asserting the invalidity of any Facility Document to which it is a party, (ii) seeking to prevent the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by any Facility Document to which it is a party or (iii) that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (o) Information . All information heretofore or hereafter furnished by it or on its behalf to any Secured Party in connection with the Facility Documents or any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby is and will be (when taken as a whole) true, complete and correct in all material respects as of the date such information is stated or certified and does not and will not omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not misleading provided that solely with respect to information furnished by the Servicer which was provided to the Servicer from an Obligor with respect to a Collateral Loan, such information shall only need to be true, complete and correct to the actual knowledge of the Servicer provided further that, with respect to projected financial information, the Servicer represents only that such information represents the Servicer s good faith estimates as of the date of preparation thereof, based upon methods and data the Servicer believes to be reasonable and accurate, but actual results during the periods covered by such projections may differ materially from such projections. 
 (p) Procedures . In selecting and disposing of the Collateral, no selection procedures were employed which are intended to be adverse to the interests of any Secured Party. 
 -78- 

SECTION 1.3. Representations and Warranties of the Equityholder . The Equityholder represents and warrants to each of the other Secured Parties on and as of each Measurement Date, as follows 
 (a) Due Organization . It is a statutory trust duly established and validly existing under the laws of Delaware, with full power and authority to own and operate its assets and properties, conduct the business in which it is now engaged and to execute and deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Facility Documents to which it is a party. 
 (b) Due Qualification . It is duly qualified to do business and, to the extent applicable, is in good standing in each other jurisdiction in which the nature of its business, assets and properties, including the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, the other Facility Documents to which it is a party and its Constituent Documents, requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (c) Due Authorization Execution and Delivery Legal, Valid and Binding Enforceability . The execution and delivery by it, and the performance of its obligations under the Facility Documents to which it is a party and the other instruments, certificates and agreements contemplated thereby are within its powers and have been duly authorized by all requisite action by it and have been duly executed and delivered by it and constitute its legal, valid and binding obligations enforceable against it in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally or general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 (d) Reserved . 
 (e) Non-Contravention . None of the execution and delivery by it of this Agreement or the other Facility Documents to which it is a party, the consummation of the transactions herein or therein contemplated, or compliance by it with the terms, conditions and provisions hereof or thereof, will (i) conflict with, or result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under its Constituent Documents or (ii) conflict with or contravene in any material respect, and with respect to clause (B), result in the creation of a Lien (other than Permitted Liens) under, (A) any Applicable Law, (B) any indenture, agreement or other contractual restriction binding on or affecting it or any of its assets, including any Related Document, or (C) any order, writ, judgment, award, injunction or decree binding on or affecting it or any of its assets or properties, except, in the case of clauses (A), (B) and (C) above, where such conflict, contravention, breach, violation or default could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (f) Governmental Authorizations Private Authorizations Governmental Filings . It has obtained, maintained and kept in full force and effect all material Governmental Authorizations and material Private Authorizations which are necessary for it to properly carry out its business, and made all material Governmental Filings necessary for the execution and delivery by it of the Facility Documents to which it is a party and the performance by it of its obligations under this Agreement and the other Facility Documents to which it is a party. 
 (g) Compliance with Agreements, Laws, Etc. It has duly observed and complied in all material respects with all Applicable Laws relating to the conduct of its business and its assets. It has preserved and kept in full force and effect its legal existence. It has preserved and kept in full force and effect its rights, privileges, qualifications and 
 -79- 

franchises, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (h) Reserved . 
 (i) Taxes . It has filed all income tax returns and all other material tax returns which are required to be filed by it, if any, and has paid all income taxes and all other material taxes shown to be due and payable on such returns, if any, or pursuant to any assessment received by any such Person other than any such taxes, assessments or charges that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which appropriate reserves in accordance with GAAP have been established. 
 (j) Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Terrorism Laws . None of the Equityholder, its subsidiaries, their respective directors or officers, or, to the best knowledge of the Equityholder, their respective agents or employees or its Affiliates, has engaged in any activity or conduct which would violate any applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-terrorism or anti-money laundering laws, regulations or rules in any applicable jurisdiction and the Equityholder and its Affiliates have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to prevent violation of such laws, regulations and rules. 
 (k) Sanctions . None of the Equityholder, its subsidiaries, their respective directors or officers, or, to the best knowledge of the Equityholder, their respective agents or employees or its Affiliates, is a Person that is, or is owned or controlled by Persons that are (i) a Sanctioned Person or (ii) located, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country. 
 (l) Reserved . 
 (m) No Proceedings . There is no litigation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to its knowledge, threatened against it before any Governmental Authority (i) asserting the invalidity of any Facility Document to which it is a party, (ii) seeking to prevent the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by any Facility Document to which it is a party or (iii) that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (n) Information . All information heretofore or hereafter furnished by it or on its behalf to any Secured Party in connection with the Facility Documents or any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby is and will be (when taken as a whole) true, complete and correct in all material respects as of the date such information is stated or certified and does not and will not omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not misleading. 
 ARTICLE X COVENANTS 
 SECTION 1.1. Affirmative Covenants of the Borrower . The Borrower covenants and agrees that, until the Collection Date 
 (a) Compliance with Agreements, Laws, Etc. It shall (i) duly observe and comply in all material respects with all Applicable Laws relative to the conduct of its business or to its assets, (ii) preserve and keep in full force and effect its legal existence, (iii) preserve and keep in full force and effect its rights, privileges, qualifications and franchises, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a 
 -80- 

Material Adverse Effect, (iv) comply with the terms and conditions of each Facility Document to which it is a party, its Constituent Documents and each Related Document to which it is a party and (v) obtain, maintain and keep in full force and effect all Governmental Authorizations, Private Authorizations and Governmental Filings which are necessary to properly carry out its business and the transactions contemplated to be performed by it under the Facility Documents to which it is a party, its Constituent Documents and the Related Documents to which it is a party, except, in the case of this clause (v), where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) Enforcement . 
 (i) It shall not take any action that would release any Obligor from any of such Obligor s material covenants or obligations under any instrument or agreement included in the Collateral, except in the case of (A) repayment of Collateral Loans, (B) subject to the terms of this Agreement, (1) amendments to Collateral Loans in accordance with the Servicing Standard and (2) actions taken in connection with the work out or restructuring of any Collateral Loan in accordance with the provisions hereof, and (C) other actions by the Servicer required hereby or otherwise to the extent not prohibited by, or in conflict with, this Agreement. 
 (ii) It will perform, and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Servicer to perform, all of their obligations and agreements contained in this Agreement or any other Facility Document to which such Person is a party. 
 (c) Further Assurances . It shall promptly upon the reasonable request of either Agent or the Required Lenders (through the Administrative Agent), at its expense, execute and deliver such further instruments and take such further action in order to maintain and protect the Collateral Agent s first-priority perfected security interest in the Collateral pledged by the Borrower for the benefit of the Secured Parties free and clear of any Liens (other than Permitted Liens). At the request of either Agent or the Required Lenders (through the Administrative Agent), it shall promptly take, at the Borrower s expense, such further action in order to establish and protect the rights, interests and remedies created or intended to be created under this Agreement in favor of the Secured Parties in the Collateral, including all actions which are necessary to (x) enable the Secured Parties to enforce their rights and remedies under this Agreement and the other Facility Documents, and (y) effectuate the intent and purpose of, and to carry out the terms of, the Facility Documents. 
 (d) Financial Statements Other Information . It shall provide to the Administrative Agent or cause to be provided to the Administrative Agent (with enough additional copies for each Lender) 
 (i) within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Equityholder, a copy of the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Equityholder and its consolidated subsidiaries as at the end of such year, the related consolidated statements of income for such year and the related consolidated statements of changes in net assets and of cash flows for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year provided , that the financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to this clause (i) which are made available via EDGAR, or any successor system of the Securities Exchange Commission, in the Equityholder s annual report on Form 10-K, shall be deemed delivered to the Administrative Agent on the date such documents are made so available 
 (ii) within 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of each fiscal year (other than the last fiscal quarter of each fiscal year), an unaudited consolidated balance sheet of 
 -81- 

the Equityholder and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal quarter and including the prior comparable period (if any), and the unaudited consolidated statements of income of the Equityholder and its consolidated subsidiaries for such fiscal quarter and for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such fiscal quarter, and the unaudited consolidated statements of cash flows of the Equityholder and its consolidated subsidiaries for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such fiscal quarter provided , that the financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to this clause (ii) which are made available via EDGAR, or any successor system of the Securities Exchange Commission, in Equityholder s quarterly report on Form 10-Q, shall be deemed delivered to the Administrative Agent on the date such documents are made so available 
 (iii) within two Business Days after a Responsible Officer of the Borrower obtains actual knowledge of the occurrence and continuance of any (A) Default, (B) Event of Default, (C) event or occurrence that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (D) Revaluation Event, (E) receipt of notice from the agent on a Collateral Loan that the related Obligor has defaulted (beyond applicable grace periods) in the payment of principal or interest or (F) Collateral Loan that ceases to be an Eligible Collateral Loan, a certificate of a Responsible Officer setting forth the details thereof and the action which the Borrower is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto 
 (iv) from time to time such additional information regarding the Borrower s financial position or business and the Collateral (including reasonably detailed calculations of each Coverage Test) as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (through the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request if reasonably available without undue burden or expense 
 (v) promptly after the occurrence of any ERISA Event, notice of such ERISA Event and copies of any communications with all Governmental Authorities or any Multiemployer Plan with respect to such ERISA Event 
 (vi) promptly following any reasonable request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer, anti-money laundering and sanctions rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act 
 (vii) within two Business Days after a Responsible Officer of the Borrower obtains actual knowledge thereof, provide notice to the Administrative Agent of any settlement of, material judgment (including a material judgment with respect to the liability phase of a bifurcated trial) in or commencement of any material labor controversy, material litigation, material action, material suit or material proceeding before any court or governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, directly affecting in any material respect the Collateral (taken as a whole), the Facility Documents, or any Secured Party s interest in the Collateral and 
 (viii) with respect to each Obligor of a Collateral Loan that is not a Broadly Syndicated Loan (1) within ten (10) Business Days of the completion of the Servicer s portfolio review of such Obligor (which, for each Obligor shall occur no less frequently than four (4) times per calendar year) (I) the most recent financial reporting packages that correspond to such portfolio review with respect to such Obligor and with respect to each related Collateral Loan (including any attached or included information, 
 -82- 

statements and calculations) received as of the date of the Servicer s most recent portfolio review and (II) the internal monitoring report prepared by the Servicer with respect to each Obligor and (2) upon demand by the Administrative Agent, such other information as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request with respect to any Collateral Loan or Obligor (to the extent reasonably available to the Servicer). 
 (e) Access to Records and Documents . It shall permit the Administrative Agent (or any Person designated by the Administrative Agent as its agent or representative, subject to delivery of standard confidentiality agreements) to, upon reasonable advance notice and during normal business hours, visit and inspect and make copies thereof at reasonable intervals (i) its books, records and accounts relating to its business, financial condition, operations, assets and its performance under the Facility Documents and the Related Documents and to discuss the foregoing with its and such Person s officers, partners, employees and accountants, and (ii) the Related Documents with respect to the Collateral provided that, so long as no Event of Default has occurred, the Borrower shall be responsible for all costs and expenses for only one such visit per fiscal year by the Lenders and the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall be permitted to schedule such visits on behalf of the Lenders and shall (1) coordinate in good faith with the Lenders to determine dates which are acceptable to a majority of the Lenders and whenever possible occur on one such date as a single group and (2) provide 10 days prior notice to the Lenders of any such visit and any Lender shall be permitted to accompany the Administrative Agent in such visit. 
 (f) Use of Proceeds . It shall use the proceeds of each Advance made hereunder solely 
 (i) to fund or pay the purchase price of Collateral Loans or Eligible Investments acquired by the Borrower in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein (it being understood that the Borrower may request an Advance to fund the applicable Advance Rate of one or more Collateral Loans either on the date of acquisition or at a later time during the Reinvestment Period pursuant to Article II) including pursuant to the Macomb Merger 
 (ii) to fund additional extensions of credit under Revolving Collateral Loans and Delayed Drawdown Collateral Loans purchased in accordance with the terms of this Agreement 
 (iii) to fund the Revolving Reserve Account on or prior to the Commitment Termination Date to the extent the Revolving Reserve Account is required to be funded pursuant to Section 8.04 (and the Borrower shall submit a Notice of Borrowing requesting an Advance on a Borrowing Date falling no more than five and no less than one Business Day prior to the Commitment Termination Date with a Requested Amount sufficient to fully fund the Revolving Reserve Account under Section 8.04) and 
 (iv) to make Permitted Distributions or Permitted RIC Distributions. 
 Without limiting the foregoing, it shall use the proceeds of each Advance in a manner that does not, directly or indirectly, violate any provision of its Constituent Documents or any Applicable Law, including Regulation T, Regulation U and Regulation X. 
 (g) Information and Reports . Each Notice of Borrowing, each Monthly Report and all other written information, reports, certificates and statements furnished by or on behalf of it to any Secured Party for purposes of or in connection with this Agreement, the other Facility Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be true, complete and correct in all material respects as of the date such information is stated or 
 -83- 

certified provided that solely with respect to information furnished by the Borrower which was provided to the Borrower from an Obligor with respect to a Collateral Loan, such information shall only need to be true, complete and correct to the actual knowledge of the Borrower provided further that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information represents the Borrower s good faith estimates as of the date of preparation thereof, based upon methods and data the Borrower believes to be reasonable and accurate, but actual results during the periods covered by such projections may differ materially from such projections. 
 (h) Opinions as to Collateral . On or before each five year anniversary of the Closing Date, at the request of the Administrative Agent, it shall furnish to the Agents an opinion of counsel addressed to the Agents and the Borrower relating to the continued perfection of the security interest granted by the Borrower to the Collateral Agent hereunder. 
 (i) No Other Business . It shall not engage in any business or activity other than borrowing Advances pursuant to this Agreement, funding, acquiring, owning, holding, administering, selling, enforcing, lending, exchanging, redeeming, pledging, contracting for the management of and otherwise dealing with Collateral Loans, Eligible Investments and the Collateral in connection therewith and entering into and performing its obligations under the Facility Documents, any applicable Related Documents and any other agreement contemplated by this Agreement. 
 (j) Tax Matters . It shall remain a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 (k) Compliance with Legal Opinions . The Borrower shall take all other actions necessary to maintain the accuracy of the factual assumptions set forth in the legal opinions of Dechert LLP, as special counsel to the Borrower, issued on the Closing Date and relating to the issues of substantive consolidation. 
 SECTION 1.2. Covenants of the Servicer . The Servicer covenants and agrees that, until the Collection Date 
 (a) Compliance with Agreements, Laws, Etc. It shall (i) duly observe and comply in all material respects with all Applicable Laws relative to the conduct of its business or to its assets, (ii) preserve and keep in full force and effect its legal existence, (iii) preserve and keep in full force and effect its rights, privileges, qualifications and franchises, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (iv) comply with the terms and conditions of each Facility Document to which it is a party and its Constituent Documents and (v) obtain, maintain and keep in full force and effect all Governmental Authorizations, Private Authorizations and Governmental Filings which are necessary to properly carry out its business and the transactions contemplated to be performed by it under the Facility Documents to which it is a party and its Constituent Documents, except, in the case of this clause (v), where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) Enforcement . It shall not take any action that would release any Obligor from any of such Obligor s covenants or obligations under any instrument or agreement included in the Collateral, except in the case of (A) repayment of Collateral Loans, (B) subject to the terms of this Agreement, (1) amendments to Collateral Loans in accordance with the Servicing Standard and (2) actions taken in connection with the work out or restructuring of any Collateral Loan in accordance with the provisions hereof, and (C) other actions by the Servicer required hereby or otherwise to the extent not prohibited by, or in conflict with, this Agreement. 
 -84- 

(c) Further Assurances . It shall promptly upon the request of either Agent or the Required Lenders (through the Administrative Agent), at its expense, execute and deliver such further instruments and take such further action in order to maintain and protect the Collateral Agent s first-priority perfected security interest in the Collateral pledged by the Borrower for the benefit of the Secured Parties free and clear of any Liens (other than Permitted Liens). At the request of either Agent or the Required Lenders (through the Administrative Agent), it shall promptly take, at the Borrower s expense, such further action in order to establish and protect the rights, interests and remedies created or intended to be created under this Agreement in favor of the Secured Parties in the Collateral, including all actions which are necessary to (x) enable the Secured Parties to enforce their rights and remedies under this Agreement and the other Facility Documents, and (y) effectuate the intent and purpose of, and to carry out the terms of, the Facility Documents. 
 (d) Other Information . It shall provide to the Administrative Agent or cause to be provided to the Administrative Agent 
 (i) within two (2) Business Days after a Responsible Officer of the Servicer obtains actual knowledge of the occurrence and continuance of any (A) Default, (B) Event of Default, (C) Potential Servicer Removal Event, (D) Servicer Removal Event, (E) event or occurrence that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (F) Revaluation Event, (G) receipt of notice from the agent on a Collateral Loan that the related Obligor has defaulted (beyond applicable grace periods) in the payment of principal or interest or (H) Collateral Loan that ceases to be an Eligible Collateral Loan, a certificate of a Responsible Officer setting forth the details thereof and the action which the Servicer is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto 
 (ii) from time to time such additional information regarding the Collateral (including reasonably detailed calculations of each Coverage Test) as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (through the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request if reasonably available without undue burden or expense 
 (iii) a Borrowing Base Calculation Statement on (A) each date on which the Servicer sells or substitutes (or commits to sell or substitute, as the case may be) any Collateral Loan and (B) the date on which the Servicer obtains knowledge of any Material Modification or Revaluation Event to a Collateral Loan or that a Collateral Loan has become a Defaulted Collateral Loan 
 (iv) promptly following any reasonable request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer, anti-money laundering and sanctions rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act and 
 (v) within two (2) Business Days after a Responsible Officer of the Servicer obtains actual knowledge thereof, provide notice to the Administrative Agent of any settlement of, material judgment (including a material judgment with respect to the liability phase of a bifurcated trial) in or commencement of any material labor controversy, material litigation, material action, material suit or material proceeding before any court or governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, directly and adversely affecting the in any material respect the Collateral (taken as a whole), the Facility Documents, or any Secured Party s interest in the Collateral. 
 -85- 

(e) Access to Records and Documents . It shall permit the Administrative Agent (or any Person designated by the Administrative Agent as its agent or representative, subject to delivery of standard confidentiality agreements) to, upon reasonable advance notice and during normal business hours, visit and inspect and make copies thereof at reasonable intervals its books, records and accounts relating to the Collateral, the Borrower, the Facility Documents and the performance of the Servicer under the Facility Documents and to discuss the foregoing with its and such Person s officers, partners, employees and accountants provided that so long as no Event of Default has occurred the Borrower shall be responsible for all costs and expenses for only one such visit per fiscal year by the Lenders and the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall be permitted to schedule such visits on behalf of the Lenders and shall (1) coordinate in good faith with the Lenders to determine dates which are acceptable to a majority of the Lenders and whenever possible occur on one such date as a single group and (2) provide 10 days prior notice to the Lenders of any such visit and any Lender shall be permitted to accompany the Administrative Agent in such visit. 
 (f) Information and Reports . Each Notice of Borrowing, each Monthly Report and all other written information, reports, certificates and statements furnished by or on behalf of it to any other Secured Party for purposes of or in connection with this Agreement, the other Facility Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be true, complete and correct in all material respects as of the date such information is stated or certified provided that solely with respect to information furnished by the Servicer which was provided to the Servicer from an Obligor with respect to a Collateral Loan, such information shall only need to be true, complete and correct to the actual knowledge of the Servicer provided further that, with respect to projected financial information, the Servicer represents only that such information represents the Servicer s good faith estimates as of the date of preparation thereof, based upon methods and data the Servicer believes to be reasonable and accurate, but actual results during the periods covered by such projections may differ materially from such projections. 
 (g) Collections . It shall direct any agent or administrative agent for any Collateral Loan to remit all payments and collections with respect to such Collateral Loan and, if applicable, to direct the Obligor with respect to such Collateral Loan to remit all such payments and collections with respect to such Collateral Loan directly to the Collection Account. 
 (h) Priority of Payments . It shall instruct the Collateral Agent to apply all Interest Proceeds and Principal Proceeds solely in accordance with the Priority of Payments and the other provisions of this Agreement. 
 (i) Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions . The Servicer shall maintain and shall ensure that its Affiliates maintain policies and procedures designed to prevent violation of any applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-terrorism or anti-money laundering laws, regulations or rules in any applicable jurisdiction. The Servicer shall not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the loan hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, sister company, joint venture partner or any other Person (i) to fund any activities or business of or with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is, a Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned Country, or (ii) in any other manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions, any applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-terrorism or anti-money laundering laws, regulations or rules in any applicable jurisdiction by any Person (including any Person participating in the loan hereunder, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor, lender, hedge provider, facility or security agent or otherwise). 
 -86- 

SECTION 1.3. Negative Covenants of the Borrower . The Borrower covenants and agrees that, until the Collection Date 
 (a) Restrictive Agreements . It shall not enter into or suffer to exist or permit to become effective any agreement that prohibits, limits or imposes any condition upon its ability to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) upon any of its property or revenues constituting Collateral, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, to secure its obligations under the Facility Documents other than this Agreement and the other Facility Documents. 
 (b) Liquidation Merger Sale of Collateral . It shall not consummate any plan of liquidation, dissolution, partial liquidation, merger or consolidation (or suffer any liquidation, dissolution or partial liquidation) nor sell, transfer, exchange or otherwise dispose of any of its assets, or enter into an agreement or commitment to do so or enter into or engage in any business with respect to any part of its assets, except as expressly permitted by this Agreement and the other Facility Documents (including in connection with the repayment in full of the Obligations). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, after the date hereof the Borrower may merge with Macomb Park CLO, Ltd., so long as the Borrower is the surviving entity. 
 (c) Amendments to Constituent Documents, Etc. Without the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), (i) it shall not amend, modify or take any action inconsistent with its Constituent Documents and (ii) it will not amend, modify or waive in any material respect any term or provision in any Facility Document (other than in accordance with any provision thereof requiring the consent of the Administrative Agent or all or a specified percentage of the Lenders). 
 (d) ERISA . It shall not establish or incur any liability or obligation with respect to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan and no member of the ERISA Group shall establish or incur any liability or obligation with respect to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan that in each case would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (e) Liens . It shall not sell, pledge, assign or transfer to any other Person, or grant, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on any of its assets now owned or hereafter acquired by it at any time, except for Permitted Liens or as otherwise expressly permitted by this Agreement and the other Facility Documents. 
 (f) Margin Requirements Covered Transactions . It shall not (i) extend credit to others for the purpose of buying or carrying any Margin Stock in such a manner as to violate Regulation T or Regulation U or (ii) use all or any part of the proceeds of any Advance, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, for any purpose that violates the provisions of the Regulations of the Board of Governors, including, to the extent applicable, Regulation U and Regulation X. 
 (g) Changes to Filing Information Change of Location of Underlying Instruments . It shall not change its name or its jurisdiction of organization from that referred to in Section 4.01(a), unless it gives thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Agents and takes all actions that the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (through the Administrative Agent) reasonably request and determine to be necessary to protect and perfect the Collateral Agent s perfected security interest in the Collateral. It shall not, without the prior consent of the Administrative Agent, consent to the Collateral Agent moving any Certificated Securities or Instruments, unless the Borrower has given at least ten (10) days written notice to the Administrative Agent and has taken all actions required under 
 -87- 

the UCC of each relevant jurisdiction in order to ensure that the Collateral Agent s first priority perfected security interest (subject to Permitted Liens) continues in full effect. 
 (h) Transactions with Affiliates . It shall not sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, the Servicer, the Equityholder and or any of their Affiliates (including sales of Defaulted Collateral Loans and other Collateral Loans), unless (x) such transaction is upon terms no less favorable to the Borrower than it would obtain in a comparable arm s length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate (it being agreed that any purchase or sale at par shall be deemed to comply with this provision) or (y) the Borrower has received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent with respect to such transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary contained herein, nothing shall prohibit Borrower from (i) transferring or distributing the Collateral Loans to the Equityholder or an Affiliate of the Equityholder, as applicable, in accordance with Article X, (ii) making Permitted Distributions(in accordance with the definition thereof) or (iii) Permitted RIC Distributions (in accordance with the definition thereof) to the Equityholder. 
 (i) Investment Company Restriction . It shall not and shall not permit the pool of Collateral to become required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 (j) Anti-Corruption and Sanctions . The Borrower shall maintain and shall ensure that its Affiliates maintain policies and procedures designed to prevent violation of any applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-terrorism or anti-money laundering laws, regulations or rules in any applicable jurisdiction. The Borrower shall not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the loan hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, sister company, joint venture partner or any other Person (i) to fund any activities or business of or with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is, a Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned Country, or (ii) in any other manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions, any applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-terrorism or anti-money laundering laws, regulations or rules in any applicable jurisdiction by any Person (including any Person participating in the loan hereunder, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor, lender, hedge provider, facility or security agent or otherwise). 
 (k) Reserved . 
 (l) Indebtedness Guarantees Securities Other Assets . It shall not incur or assume or guarantee any indebtedness, obligations (including contingent obligations) or other liabilities, or issue any additional securities, whether debt or equity, in each case other than (i) pursuant to or as expressly permitted by this Agreement and the other Facility Documents, including expenses payable in the ordinary course of business, (ii) obligations under its Constituent Documents or (iii) pursuant to customary indemnification, expense reimbursement and similar provisions under the Related Documents. It shall not acquire any Collateral Loan or other property other than as expressly permitted under the Facility Documents, it being understood and agreed that the Borrower shall be permitted to acquire Collateral Loans from the Servicer, the Equityholder and or their Affiliates and from unaffiliated third parties. The Borrower shall not accept equity contributions from the Equityholder or OC Ratio Posting Payments in excess of 600,000,000 in the aggregate. 
 (m) Validity of this Agreement . It shall not (i) take any action or omit to take any action, the result of which would permit the validity or effectiveness of any Facility Document or any grant of Collateral under this Agreement to be impaired, or permit the Lien 
 -88- 

of this Agreement to be amended, hypothecated, subordinated, terminated or discharged, or take any action or omit to take any action, the result of which would permit any Person to be released from any covenant or obligation with respect to this Agreement and (ii) except as permitted by any Facility Document, take any action that would permit the Lien of this Agreement not to constitute a valid first priority perfected security interest in the Collateral (subject to Permitted Liens). 
 (n) Subsidiaries . It shall not have or permit the formation of any subsidiaries, except in connection with the receipt of equity securities pursuant to an exercise of remedies with respect to a Collateral Loan or any work-out or restructuring of a Collateral Loan. 
 (o) Name . It shall not conduct business under any name other than its own. 
 (p) Employees . It shall not have any employees. 
 (q) Non-Petition . It shall not be party to any agreements under which it has any material obligation or liability (direct or contingent) without using commercially reasonable efforts to include customary non-petition and limited recourse provisions therein (and shall not amend or eliminate such provisions in any agreement to which it is party), except for loan agreements, related loan documents, any agreements related to the purchase and sale of any Collateral Loan which contain customary (as determined by the Servicer) purchase or sale terms or which are documented using customary (as determined by the Servicer) loan trading documentation in connection with the Collateral Loans and any agreement that does not impose a material obligation on the Borrower and that is of a type that customarily does not include non-petition or limited recourse provisions (including customary service contracts and engagement letters entered into with third party service providers (including independent accountants and providers of independent managers)). 
 (r) Certificated Securities . It shall not acquire or hold any Certificated Securities in bearer form in a manner that does not satisfy the requirements of United States Treasury Regulations section 1.165-12(c) (as determined by the Servicer). 
 SECTION 1.4. Covenants of the Equityholder . The Equityholder covenants and agrees that, until the Collection Date 
 (a) Compliance with Agreements, Laws, Etc. It shall (i) duly observe and comply in all material respects with all Applicable Laws relative to the conduct of its business or to its assets, (ii) preserve and keep in full force and effect its legal existence, (iii) preserve and keep in full force and effect its rights, privileges, qualifications and franchises, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (iv) comply with the terms and conditions of each Facility Document to which it is a party and its Constituent Documents and (v) obtain, maintain and keep in full force and effect all Governmental Authorizations, Private Authorizations and Governmental Filings which are necessary to properly carry out its business and the transactions contemplated to be performed by it under the Facility Documents to which it is a party and its Constituent Documents, except, in the case of clause (v), where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) Other Information . It shall provide to the Administrative Agent or cause to be provided to the Administrative Agent (with enough additional copies for each Lender) promptly following any reasonable request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer, anti-money laundering and sanctions rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act. 
 -89- 

(c) Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions . The Equityholder shall maintain and shall ensure that its Affiliates maintain policies and procedures designed to prevent violation of any applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-terrorism or anti-money laundering laws, regulations or rules in any applicable jurisdiction. The Equityholder shall not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the loan hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, sister company, joint venture partner or any other Person (i) to fund any activities or business of or with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is, a Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned Country, or (ii) in any other manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions, any applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-terrorism or anti-money laundering laws, regulations or rules in any applicable jurisdiction by any Person (including any Person participating in the loan hereunder, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor, lender, hedge provider, facility or security agent or otherwise). 
 (d) Separateness . The Equityholder shall not take any action that causes, or omit to take any action that results in, the Borrower to fail to comply with any of its covenants in Section 5.05 and the Equityholder shall take all other actions necessary to maintain the accuracy of the factual assumptions set forth in the legal opinions of Dechert LLP, as special counsel to the Borrower, issued on the Closing Date and relating to the issues of substantive consolidation. 
 (e) Liens . The Equityholder shall neither pledge (nor permit to be pledged) the equity interests in the Borrower nor otherwise permit any equity interests of the Borrower to be subject to a Lien other than Permitted Liens. 
 SECTION 1.5. Certain Undertakings Relating to Separateness . Without limiting any, and subject to all, other covenants of the Borrower, the Equityholder and the Servicer contained in this Agreement, the Borrower (the Servicer in acting on behalf or for the benefit of the Borrower and the Equityholder in acting on behalf of the Borrower as the equityholder in the Borrower) shall conduct its business and operations separate and apart from that of any other Person (including the Equityholder and any of their Affiliates) and in furtherance of the foregoing 
 (a) The Borrower shall maintain its accounts, financial statements, books, accounting and other records, and other documents separate from those of any other Person provided that the Borrower may be consolidated into the Equityholder solely for tax and accounting purposes. 
 (b) The Borrower shall not commingle or pool any of its funds or assets with those of the Servicer, the Equityholder or any of their Affiliates or any other Person, and it shall hold all of its assets in its own name, except as otherwise permitted or required under the Facility Documents. 
 (c) The Borrower shall conduct its own business in its own name and, for all purposes, shall not operate, or purport to operate, collectively as a single or consolidated business entity with respect to any Person (although, in connection with certain financial reporting, regulatory filings, advertising and marketing, it may be identified as a subsidiary of the Equityholder). 
 (d) The Borrower shall pay its own debts, liabilities and expenses (including overhead expenses, if any) only out of its own assets as the same shall become due provided , however , in its capacity as Servicer, Blackstone GSO Secured Lending Fund may from time to time advance expenses of the Borrower for which Blackstone GSO Secured Lending Fund is later reimbursed pursuant to the Priority of Payments. 
 -90- 

(e) The Borrower has observed, and shall observe, all (A) corporate formalities and (B) other organizational formalities, in each case to the extent necessary or advisable to preserve its separate existence (although, in connection with certain financial reporting, regulatory filings, advertising and marketing, it may be identified as a subsidiary of the Equityholder), and shall preserve its existence, and it shall not, nor shall it permit any Affiliate or any other Person to, amend, modify or otherwise change its operating agreement in a manner that would adversely affect the existence of the Borrower as a bankruptcy-remote special purpose entity. The Borrower shall have at least one Independent Manager at all times (subject to the time periods for replacement of Independent Managers that have resigned or have been removed set forth in the Borrower s Constituent Documents). 
 (f) The Borrower shall not (A) guarantee, become obligated for, or hold itself or its credit out to be responsible for or available to satisfy, the debts or obligations of any other Person or (B) control the decisions or actions respecting the daily business or affairs of any other Person, except as permitted by or pursuant to the Facility Documents. 
 (g) The Borrower shall, at all times, hold itself out to the public as a legal entity separate and distinct from any other Person (although, in connection with certain financial reporting, advertising and marketing, it may be identified as a subsidiary of the Equityholder) provided that the assets of the Borrower may be consolidated for accounting purposes and included in consolidated financial statements of the Equityholder as required by GAAP or applicable law. 
 (h) The Borrower shall not identify itself as a division of any other Person. 
 (i) The Borrower shall maintain its assets in such a manner that it will not be costly or difficult to segregate, ascertain or identify its individual assets from those of any Affiliate or any other Person. 
 (j) Except as may be provided in the Facility Documents, any transaction between the Borrower and any of the Servicer, the Equityholder and their Affiliates shall be on arm s length terms. 
 (k) Except as permitted by, or pursuant to, the Facility Documents, the Borrower shall not grant a security interest or otherwise pledge its assets for the benefit of any other Person (other than its pledge of the Collateral hereunder to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties). 
 (l) The Borrower shall not acquire any securities or debt instruments of the Equityholder, the Servicer, any Affiliates of the foregoing or any other Person (except for equity interests in Obligors in connection with the exercise of any remedies with respect to a Collateral Loan or any exchange offer, work-out or restructuring of a Collateral Loan). 
 (m) The Borrower shall not make loans or advances to any Person, except for the Collateral Loans and as permitted by or pursuant to the Facility Documents. 
 (n) The Borrower shall make no transfer of its Collateral Loans, except as permitted by or pursuant to the Facility Documents. 
 (o) The Borrower shall file its own tax returns separate from those of any other Person or entity, except to the extent that the Borrower is not required to file tax returns under Applicable Law or is not permitted to file its own tax returns separate from those of any other Person. 
 -91- 

(p) The Borrower shall, to the extent used in its business, use separate stationery, invoices and checks. 
 (q) The Borrower shall correct any known misunderstanding regarding its separate identity. 
 (r) The Borrower shall maintain adequate capital in light of its contemplated business operations. 
 (s) The Borrower shall at all times be organized as a single-purpose entity with Constituent Documents substantially similar to those in effect on the Closing Date. 
 (t) The Borrower shall at all times conduct its business so that any assumptions made with respect to the Borrower in any substantive non-consolidation opinion delivered in connection with the Facility Documents will continue to be true and correct in all material respects. 
 ARTICLE XI EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 SECTION 1.1. Events of Default . Event of Default , wherever used herein, means any one of the following events (whatever the reason for such Event of Default and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body) 
 (a) a default in the payment, when due and payable, of (x) any principal in respect of the Advances or (y) any other payment required to be made pursuant to this Agreement or any other Facility Document and if such date is not the Final Maturity Date, such default, solely in the case of this clause (y), has not been cured within three (3) Business Days after written notice thereof by the Administrative Agent provided , that, solely in the case of clause (y) on a date other than on the Final Maturity Date resulting solely from an administrative error or omission by the Administrative Agent, the Securities Intermediary or any paying agent, such default continues for a period of five (5) Business Days after the Administrative Agent or the Securities Intermediary receives written notice or a Responsible Officer of such party has actual knowledge of such administrative error or omission 
 (b) any failure by the Borrower to deposit or credit, or to deliver for deposit, in the Covered Accounts any amount required hereunder to be so deposited credited or delivered by it, on or before the date occurring three (3) Business Days after the date such deposit or distribution is required to be made by the Servicer 
 (c) the Borrower or the pool of Collateral becomes an investment company required to be registered under the Investment Company Act 
 (d) except as otherwise provided in this Section 6.01, a default in the performance, or breach, of any covenant or agreement of the Borrower or Equityholder under this Agreement or the other Facility Documents to which it is a party (it being understood, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, that any failure to meet any Concentration Limitation or Coverage Test is not an Event of Default under this clause (d)), or the failure of any representation or warranty of the Borrower or the Equityholder made in this Agreement or in any other Facility Document to be correct, in each case, in all material respects when 
 -92- 

the same shall have been made, and the continuation of such default, breach or failure for a period of thirty (30) days after the earlier of (i) written notice to the Borrower and the Servicer (which may be by e-mail) by either Agent, and (ii) a Responsible Officer of the Borrower or the Servicer has acquired actual knowledge thereof provided that if such default, breach or failure cannot be cured, such Event of Default shall occur immediately after receipt by the Borrower of such written notice from the Administrative Agent 
 (e) the Borrower ceases to have a valid ownership interest in all of the Collateral (subject to Permitted Liens) 
 (f) the Borrower assigns any of its rights, obligations, or duties under the Facility Documents without the prior written consent of each Lender 
 (g) Reserved 
 (h) (i) any Facility Document or any material provision thereof shall (except in accordance with its terms) terminate, cease to be effective or cease to be the legally valid, binding and enforceable obligation of the Borrower, the Equityholder or the Servicer, (ii) the Borrower, the Equityholder, the Servicer or any Governmental Authority shall, directly or indirectly, contest in any manner the effectiveness, validity, binding nature or enforceability of any Facility Document or any Lien purported to be created thereunder, or (iii) any Lien securing any obligation under any Facility Document shall, in whole or in part, cease to be a first priority perfected security interest of the Collateral Agent, except as otherwise permitted in accordance with the Facility Documents (subject to Permitted Liens) 
 (i) an Insolvency Event relating to the Borrower or the Equityholder 
 (j) failure to reduce the Advances to 0 by the Final Maturity Date 
 (k) on any Monthly Report Determination Date, the Interest Coverage Ratio Test is not satisfied and such failure shall continue for three (3) Business Days 
 (l) the occurrence of an OC Ratio Breach and such OC Ratio Breach remains unremedied for a period of 10 consecutive Business Days without being cured 
 (m) the rendering of one or more final judgments, decrees or orders by a court or arbitrator of competent jurisdiction for the payment of money in excess individually or in the aggregate of 100,000, with respect to the Borrower (net of amounts covered by insurance), or 1,000,000, with respect to the Equityholder (net of amounts covered by insurance), and the Borrower or Equityholder, as applicable, shall not have either (i) discharged or provided for the discharge of any such judgment, decree or order in accordance with its terms or (ii) perfected a timely appeal of such judgment, decree or order and caused the execution of same to be stayed during the pendency of the appeal, in each case, within sixty (60) days from the date of entry thereof 
 (n) the Borrower fails to have at least one Independent Manager provided that the resignation of an Independent Manager or the removal of an Independent Manager for cause shall not affect this clause (n) unless the Borrower fails to appoint a new Independent Manager within ten (10) Business Days of the effective date of such removal or resignation 
 (o) any Monthly Report or Payment Date Report shall fail to be delivered when due and such failure shall continue for three (3) Business Days after receipt of written notice thereof 
 -93- 

(p) a Servicer Removal Event occurs 
 (q) (i) the Internal Revenue Service shall file notice of a Lien pursuant to Section 6321 of the Code with regard to any asset of the Borrower and such Lien shall not have been released within five (5) Business Days or (ii) the PBGC shall file notice of a Lien pursuant to Section 4068 of ERISA with regard to any asset of the Borrower and such Lien shall not have been released within five (5) Business Days 
 (r) the failure of the Borrower or the Equityholder or any of their subsidiaries to make any payment when due (after giving effect to any related grace period set forth in the related agreements) under one or more agreements for borrowed money to which it is a party in an amount in excess of 100,000, with respect to the Borrower, or 1,000,000, with respect to the Equityholder, whether or not such failure is waived pursuant to the related agreement 
 (s) the Borrower or Equityholder shall have made payments to settle any litigation, claim or dispute totaling more than, in the aggregate, 100,000, with respect to the Borrower, or 1,000,000, with respect to the Equityholder or 
 (t) the Borrower shall fail to qualify as a bankruptcy-remote entity based on customary criteria such that Borrower s special counsel or any other reputable counsel could no longer render a substantive non-consolidation opinion with respect to the Borrower. 
 Upon a Responsible Officer of the Borrower or the Servicer obtaining actual knowledge of the occurrence of an Event of Default, each of the Borrower and the Servicer shall promptly (and in any event within two (2) Business Days) notify each other and the Agents, specifying each specific Event of Default that has then occurred as well as all other Events of Default that are then known to be continuing. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default actually known to a Responsible Officer of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Agent shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent (which will notify the Lenders promptly) of such Event of Default in writing. 
 Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, in addition to all rights and remedies specified in this Agreement and the other Facility Documents, including Article VII, and the rights and remedies of a secured party under Applicable Law, including the UCC, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may with the consent of, the Majority Lenders, by notice to the Borrower (with a copy to the Collateral Agent), do any one or more of the following (1) declare the Commitments to be terminated, whereupon the Commitments shall be terminated, and (2) declare the principal of and the accrued Interest on the Advances and all other Obligations whatsoever payable by the Borrower hereunder to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon such amounts shall be immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other formalities of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower provided that, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default described in clause (i) of this Section 6.01, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the Advances and all such other amounts shall automatically become due and payable, without any further action by any party. 
 In addition, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default (and with respect to the remedy provided in clause (2) below, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default described in clause (p) above), following written notice by the Administrative Agent (provided in its sole discretion or at the direction of the Required Lenders) to the Servicer of the exercise of control rights with respect to the Collateral, the Administrative Agent may exercise such rights, including (1) the exercise of the Servicer s rights and obligations under the Facility Documents, including its unilateral power to (A) consent 
 -94- 

to modifications to Collateral Loans, (B) take any discretionary action with respect to Collateral Loans and (C) direct the acquisition, sales and other dispositions of Collateral Loans to be immediately terminated (2) subject to delivery of a Servicer Removal Notice, remove the Servicer and transfer of the Servicer s rights and obligations under the Facility Documents to a Replacement Servicer (3) if the Servicer is not terminated or otherwise replaced, to require the Servicer to obtain the consent of the Administrative Agent before agreeing to any modification of any Collateral Loan, taking any discretionary action with respect to any Collateral Loan or causing the Borrower to sell or otherwise dispose of any Collateral Loan (4) if the Servicer is not terminated or otherwise replaced, to require the Servicer to cause the Borrower to sell or otherwise dispose of any Collateral Loan as directed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 7.03, and (5) with respect to any specific Collateral Loan, to require the Servicer to take such discretionary action with respect to such Collateral Loan as directed by the Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 1.2. OC Ratio Posting Payments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if an OC Ratio Breach has occurred, within ten (10) Business Days of the occurrence of such OC Ratio Breach, the Equityholder may, but shall not be required to, cure such condition by making a cash payment into the Principal Collection Subaccount in an amount (which shall be in increments of 500,000) that would cause such OC Ratio Breach to be cured after giving effect to such payment into the Principal Collection Subaccount (any such payment, an OC Ratio Posting Payment provided that the aggregate amount of OC Ratio Posting Payments made by the Equityholder, measured cumulatively from the Closing Date onward, and equity contributions and deemed capital contributions made by the Equityholder may not exceed 350,000,000. 
 ARTICLE XII PLEDGE OF COLLATERAL RIGHTS OF THE COLLATERAL AGENT 
 SECTION 1.1. Grant of Security . (a) The Borrower hereby grants, pledges, transfers and collaterally assigns to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, as collateral security for all Obligations, a continuing security interest in, and a Lien upon, all of the Borrower s right, title and interest in, to and under, the following property, in each case whether tangible or intangible, wheresoever located, and whether now owned by the Borrower or hereafter acquired and whether now existing or hereafter coming into existence (in each case excluding the Excluded Amounts) (all of the property described in this Section 7.01(a) being collectively referred to herein as the Collateral 
 (i) all Collateral Loans and Related Documents (including those listed, as of the Closing Date, in Schedule 3), both now and hereafter owned, including all Collections and other Proceeds thereon or with respect thereto 
 (ii) each Covered Account and all Money and all investment property (including all securities, all security entitlements with respect to such Covered Account and all financial assets carried in such Covered Account) from time to time on deposit in or credited to each Covered Account 
 (iii) all interest, dividends, distributions and other Money or property of any kind distributed in respect of the Collateral Loans of the Borrower, which the Borrower is entitled to receive, including all Collections in respect of its Collateral Loans 
 (iv) each Facility Document and all rights, remedies, powers, privileges and claims under or in respect thereto (whether arising pursuant to the terms thereof or 
 -95- 

otherwise available to the Borrower at law or equity), including the right to enforce each such Facility Document and to give or withhold any and all consents, requests, notices, directions, approvals, extensions or waivers under or with respect thereto, to the same extent as the Borrower could but for the assignment and security interest granted to the Collateral Agent under this Agreement 
 (v) all Cash or Money 
 (vi) all securities, loans and investments and, in each case as defined in the UCC, accounts, chattel paper, deposit accounts, instruments, financial assets, investment property, general intangibles, letter-of-credit rights, and supporting obligations of the Borrower, and all other property of any type or nature in which the Borrower has an interest (including the equity interests of each subsidiary of the Borrower), and all property of the Borrower which is delivered to the Collateral Agent by or on behalf of the Borrower (whether or not constituting Collateral Loans or Eligible Investments) 
 (vii) all Liens, property, guaranties, supporting obligations, insurance and other agreements or arrangements of whatever character from time to time supporting or securing payment of the assets, investments and properties described above and 
 (viii) all Proceeds of any and all of the foregoing. 
 (a) All terms used in this Section 7.01 but not defined in Section 1.01 shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in the UCC as applicable. 
 SECTION 1.2. Release of Security Interest . Upon the Collection Date or pursuant to Section 8.08, the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, shall, at the expense of the Borrower, promptly execute, deliver and file or authorize for filing such instruments as the Borrower shall reasonably request in order to reassign, release or terminate the Secured Parties security interest in the Collateral. The Secured Parties acknowledge and agree that upon the sale or disposition of any Collateral by the Borrower in compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the security interest of the Secured Parties in such Collateral shall immediately terminate and the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, shall, at the expense of the Borrower, execute, deliver and file or authorize for filing such instrument as the Borrower shall reasonably request to reflect or evidence such termination. Any and all actions under this Article VII in respect of the Collateral shall be without any recourse to, or representation or warranty by any Secured Party and shall be at the sole cost and expense of the Borrower. 
 SECTION 1.3. Rights and Remedies . The Collateral Agent (for itself and on behalf of the other Secured Parties) shall have all of the rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC and other Applicable Law. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Collateral Agent or its designees shall, at the written direction of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders acting through the Administrative Agent, (a) instruct the Borrower to deliver any or all of the Collateral, the Related Documents and any other document relating to the Collateral to the Collateral Agent or its designees and otherwise give all instructions for the Borrower regarding the Collateral (b) sell or otherwise dispose of the Collateral in a commercially reasonable manner, all without judicial process or proceedings (c) take control of the Proceeds of any such Collateral (d) subject to the provisions of the applicable Related Documents, exercise any consensual or voting rights in respect of the Collateral (e) release, make extensions, discharges, exchanges or substitutions for, or surrender all or any part of the Collateral (f) enforce the Borrower s rights and remedies with respect to the Collateral (g) institute and prosecute legal and equitable proceedings to enforce collection of, or realize upon, any of the Collateral (h) require that the Borrower immediately take all actions necessary to cause the liquidation of the Collateral in order to pay all amounts due and 
 -96- 

payable in respect of the Obligations, in accordance with the terms of the Related Documents (i) redeem any asset of the Borrower to pay amounts due and payable in respect of the Obligations (j) make copies of all books, records and documents relating to the Collateral and (k) endorse the name of the Borrower upon any items of payment relating to the Collateral or upon any proof of claim in bankruptcy against an account debtor. To the extent permitted by applicable law, each of the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder waive all claims, damages and demands it may acquire against the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties arising out of the exercise by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent of any of their rights hereunder, except for any claims, damages and demands it may have against the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent arising from the willful misconduct or gross negligence of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent or their affiliates, or any agents or employees of the foregoing. 
 The Borrower hereby agrees that, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, at the request of either Agent or the Required Lenders (acting through the Administrative Agent), it shall execute all documents and agreements which are necessary or appropriate to have the Collateral to be assigned to the Collateral Agent or its designee. For purposes of taking the actions described in clauses (a) through (k) of this Section 7.03 the Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints the Collateral Agent as its attorney-in-fact (which appointment being coupled with an interest and is irrevocable while any of the Obligations remain unpaid), with power of substitution, in the name of the Collateral Agent or in the name of the Borrower or otherwise, for the use and benefit of the Collateral Agent, but at the cost and expense of the Borrower and, except as expressly required by Applicable Law, without notice to the Borrower. 
 Each of the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder recognizes that the Administrative Agent may be unable to effect a public sale of any or all of the Collateral, by reason of certain prohibitions contained in the Securities Act, and applicable state securities laws or otherwise, and may be compelled to resort to one or more private sales thereof to a restricted group of purchasers which will be obliged to agree, among other things, to acquire such item of Collateral for their own account for investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale thereof. Each of the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder acknowledges and agrees that any such private sale may result in prices and other terms less favorable to the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties than if such sale were a public sale and, notwithstanding such circumstances, agree that any such private sale shall not be deemed to have been made in a commercially unreasonable manner solely by virtue of being a private sale. 
 Each of the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder further agrees that a breach of any of their covenants contained in this Section 7.03 will cause irreparable injury to the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties, that the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties have no adequate remedy at law in respect of such breach and, as a consequence, that each and every covenant contained in this Section 7.03 shall be specifically enforceable against the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder, and each of the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder hereby waives and agrees not to assert any defenses against an action for specific performance of such covenants except for a defense that no Event of Default has occurred under this Agreement or any defense relating to the Administrative Agent s willful misconduct or gross negligence. 
 Pursuant to the UCC, each of the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder hereby specifically agrees (x) that it shall not raise any objection to any Secured Party s purchase of the Collateral (through bidding on the obligations or otherwise) and (y) that a foreclosure sale conducted in conformity with the principles set forth in the No Action Letters promulgated by the SEC staff (1) shall be considered to be a public sale for purposes of the UCC, (2) shall be considered commercially reasonable notwithstanding that the Secured Party has not registered or 
 -97- 

sought to register the Collateral under the Securities Act, even if the Borrower agrees to pay all costs of the registration process, and (3) shall be considered to be commercially reasonable notwithstanding that the Secured Party purchases the Collateral at such a sale. 
 Each of the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder agrees that neither the Administrative Agent nor the Collateral Agent shall not have any general duty or obligation to make any effort to obtain or pay any particular price for any Collateral sold by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement. Each of the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder hereby agrees that the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent shall have the right to conduct, and shall not incur any liability as a result of, the sale of any Collateral, or any part thereof, at any sale conducted in a commercially reasonable manner, it being agreed by the parties hereto that some or all of the Collateral is or may be of one or more types that threaten to decline speedily in value. The Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder hereby waive any claims against the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent arising by reason of the fact that the price at which any of the Collateral may have been sold at a private sale was less than the price that might have been obtained at a public sale or was less than the aggregate amount of the Borrower s obligations under this Agreement, even if the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent accepts the first bid received and does not offer any Collateral to more than one bidder, provided that Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent has acted in a commercially reasonable manner in conducting such private sale. Without in any way limiting the Administrative Agent s or the Collateral Agent s right to conduct a foreclosure sale in any manner which is considered commercially reasonable, each of the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder hereby agrees that any foreclosure sale conducted in accordance with the following provisions shall be considered a commercially reasonable sale, and each of the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder hereby irrevocably waives any right to contest any such sale conducted in accordance with the following provisions 
 (1) the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent conducts such foreclosure sale in the State of New York 
 (2) such foreclosure sale is conducted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York and 
 (3) not more than thirty days before, and not less than three Business Days in advance of such foreclosure sale, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent notifies the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder at the address set forth herein of the time and place of such foreclosure sale. 
 In connection with the sale of the Collateral following the acceleration of the Obligations, the Equityholder, the Servicer and their respective Affiliates shall have the right to purchase any or all of the Collateral, in each case by paying to the Collateral Agent in immediately available funds, an amount equal to all outstanding Obligations. If the Equityholder, the Servicer and their respective Affiliates fail to exercise this purchase right within ten (10) days following such acceleration of the Obligations, then such contractual rights shall be irrevocably forfeited by the Equityholder, the Servicer and all Affiliates thereof, but nothing herein shall prevent the Equityholder, the Servicer or their respective Affiliates from bidding at any sale of such Collateral. 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Section 7.03 to the contrary, the Collateral Agent shall be under no duty or obligation to take any affirmative action to exercise or enforce any power, right or remedy available to it under this Agreement unless and to the extent expressly so directed by the Administrative Agent, the Required Lenders or the Majority Lenders, as applicable provided that the Collateral Agent shall not be required to take any action hereunder at the direction of the Administrative Agent or any Secured Party if such action would, 
 -98- 

in the reasonable determination of the Collateral Agent (x) be in violation of or contrary to applicable law or any provisions of this Agreement or other Facility Document or (y) expose the Collateral Agent to liability unless it has received reasonably satisfactory indemnity with respect thereto. 
 All sums paid or advanced by the Collateral Agent in connection with the foregoing and all out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including reasonable and documented attorneys fees and expenses) incurred in connection therewith, together with interest thereon at the Post-Default Rate from the date of payment until repaid in full, shall be paid by the Borrower to the Collateral Agent from time to time on demand in accordance with the Priority of Payments and shall constitute and become a part of the Obligations secured hereby. 
 SECTION 1.4. Remedies Cumulative . Each right, power, and remedy of the Agents and the other Secured Parties, or any of them, as provided for in this Agreement or in the other Facility Documents or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by statute or otherwise shall be cumulative and concurrent and shall be in addition to every other right, power, or remedy provided for in this Agreement or in the other Facility Documents or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by statute or otherwise, and the exercise or beginning of the exercise by either of the Agents or any other Secured Party of any one or more of such rights, powers, or remedies shall not preclude the simultaneous or later exercise by such Persons of any or all such other rights, powers, or remedies. 
 SECTION 1.5. Related Documents . (a) Each of the Borrower and the Servicer hereby agrees that, to the extent not expressly prohibited by the terms of the Related Documents, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, it shall (i) upon the written request of either Agent, promptly forward to such Person all material information and notices which it receives under or in connection with the Related Documents relating to the Collateral, (ii) upon the written request of the Administrative Agent, promptly forward to the Administrative Agent any reasonably requested information relating to any specified Collateral Loans and (iii) upon the written request of either Agent, act and refrain from acting in respect of any request, act, decision or vote under or in connection with the Related Documents relating to the Collateral only in accordance with the direction of the Administrative Agent (in its reasonable discretion). 
 (a) The Borrower agrees that, to the extent the same shall be in the Borrower s possession, it will hold all Related Documents relating to the Collateral in trust for the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties, and upon request of either Agent following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or as otherwise provided herein, promptly deliver the same to the Collateral Agent or its designee. In addition, in accordance with the Custodian Agreement, promptly (and in any event, within five (5) Business Days) following its acquisition of any Collateral Loan, the Borrower shall deliver to the Custodian, to the extent applicable, copies of the Related Documents. 
 SECTION 1.6. Borrower Remains Liable . (a) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Borrower shall remain liable under the contracts and agreements included in and relating to the Collateral (including the Related Documents) to the extent set forth therein, and shall perform all of its duties and obligations under such contracts and agreements to the same extent as if this Agreement had not been executed, and (ii) the exercise by any Secured Party of any of its rights hereunder shall not release the Borrower from any of its duties or obligations under any such contracts or agreements included in the Collateral. 
 (a) No obligation or liability of the Borrower is intended to be assumed by the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party under or as a result of this Agreement or the other Facility Documents, or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, including 
 -99- 

under any Related Document or any other agreement or document that relates to Collateral and, to the maximum extent permitted under provisions of Law, the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties expressly disclaim any such assumption. 
 SECTION 1.7. Protection of Collateral . The Borrower shall from time to time execute, deliver, file and or authorize the filing of all UCC-1 financing statements and continuation statements and the equivalent thereof in any applicable foreign jurisdiction, if applicable, instruments of further assurance and other instruments, and shall take such other action as may be necessary or advisable to secure the rights and remedies of the Secured Parties hereunder and to 
 (a) grant security more effectively on all or any portion of the Collateral 
 (b) maintain, preserve and perfect any grant of security made or to be made by this Agreement including the first priority nature of the Lien granted hereunder or to carry out more effectively the purposes hereof 
 (c) perfect, publish notice of or protect the validity of any grant made or to be made by this Agreement (including any and all actions necessary as a result of changes in Law) 
 (d) enforce any of the Collateral or other instruments or property included in the Collateral 
 (e) preserve and defend title to the Collateral and the rights therein of the Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties in the Collateral against the claims of all third parties and 
 (f) pay or cause to be paid any and all taxes levied or assessed upon all or any part of the Collateral. 
 The Borrower hereby designates the Collateral Agent as its agent and attorney in fact to prepare and file any UCC-1 financing statement and continuation statement and the equivalent thereof in any applicable foreign jurisdiction, if applicable, and all other instruments, and take all other actions, required pursuant to this Section 7.07 if the Borrower fails to take any such action within ten (10) Business Days after either Agent s request therefor. Such designation shall not impose upon the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party, or release or diminish, the Borrower s obligations under this Section 7.07. The Borrower further authorizes the Collateral Agent to file UCC-1 financing statements or the equivalent thereof in any foreign jurisdiction, if applicable, that name the Borrower as debtor and the Collateral Agent as secured party and that describes all assets in which the debtor now or hereafter has rights as the Collateral in which the Collateral Agent has a grant of security hereunder. 
 ARTICLE XIII ACCOUNTS, ACCOUNTINGS AND RELEASES 
 SECTION 1.1. Collection of Money . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Collateral Agent may demand payment or delivery of, and shall collect, directly and without intervention or assistance of any fiscal agent or other intermediary, all Money and other property payable to or receivable by the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement, including all payments due on the Collateral, in accordance with the terms and conditions of such 
 -100- 

Collateral. The Collateral Agent shall segregate and hold all such Money and property received by it in trust for the Secured Parties and shall apply it as provided in this Agreement. Each Covered Account shall be established and maintained under the Account Control Agreement with a Qualified Institution. Any Covered Account may contain any number of subaccounts for the convenience of the Collateral Agent or as required by the Servicer for convenience in administering the Covered Account or the Collateral. 
 SECTION 1.2. Collateral Account and Collection Account . (a) In accordance with this Agreement and the Account Control Agreement, the Borrower shall, on or prior to the Closing Date, establish at the Securities Intermediary (i) the Collateral Account , which shall be maintained with the Securities Intermediary in accordance with the Account Control Agreement and which shall be subject to the Lien of the Collateral Agent, and (ii) the Collection Account which shall be maintained with the Securities Intermediary in accordance with the Account Control Agreement, which shall be subject to the Lien of the Collateral Agent and which shall consist of two segregated subaccounts, one of which will be designated the Interest Collection Subaccount and one of which will be designated the Principal Collection Subaccount . The Collateral Agent shall from time to time deposit into the Interest Collection Subaccount, in addition to the deposits required pursuant to Section 8.06(a), promptly upon receipt thereof, all Interest Proceeds received by the Collateral Agent. The Collateral Agent shall deposit promptly upon receipt thereof all other amounts remitted to the Collection Account into the Principal Collection Subaccount including, in addition to the deposits required pursuant to Section 8.06(a), all Principal Proceeds (unless simultaneously reinvested in additional Collateral Loans in accordance with Article X or in Eligible Investments or required to be deposited in the Revolving Reserve Account pursuant to Section 8.04) received by the Collateral Agent. All Monies deposited from time to time in the Collection Account pursuant to this Agreement shall be held by the Collateral Agent as part of the Collateral and shall be applied to the purposes herein provided. Subject to Section 8.02(c), amounts in the Collection Account shall be reinvested pursuant to Section 8.06(a). Other than as expressly set forth herein, the Collateral Agent shall from time to time deposit into the Collateral Account any Collateral that is capable of being delivered to and held by the Securities Intermediary and credited to an account in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Account Control Agreement. 
 (a) At any time when reinvestment is permitted pursuant to Article X, the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower (subject to compliance with Article X) may, by delivery of a certificate or an email instruction of a Responsible Officer of the Servicer or a trade ticket, direct the Collateral Agent to, and upon receipt of such certificate, email or trade ticket, as applicable, the Collateral Agent shall, withdraw funds on deposit in the Principal Collection Subaccount representing Principal Proceeds (together with accrued interest received with regard to any Collateral Loan and Interest Proceeds but only to the extent used to pay for accrued interest on an additional Collateral Loan) and reinvest such funds in additional Collateral Loans or make a Permitted Distribution or Permitted RIC Distribution in accordance with such certificate, email or trade ticket. At any time as of which sufficient funds are not on deposit in the Revolving Reserve Account, the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower may, by delivery of a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Servicer, direct the Collateral Agent to, and upon receipt of such certificate the Collateral Agent shall, withdraw funds on deposit in the Principal Collection Subaccount representing Principal Proceeds and remit such funds as so directed by the Servicer to meet the Borrower s funding obligations in respect of Delayed Drawdown Collateral Loans or Revolving Collateral Loans. 
 (b) The Collateral Agent shall transfer to the Payment Account, from the Collection Account for application pursuant to Section 9.01(a), on the Business Day prior to each Payment Date, the amount set forth to be so transferred in the Payment Date Report for such Payment Date. 
 -101- 

SECTION 1.3. Payment Account . In accordance with this Agreement and the Account Control Agreement, the Borrower shall, on or prior to the Closing Date, establish at the Securities Intermediary a single, segregated trust account in the name BGSL Breckenridge Funding LLC Payment Account, subject to the Lien of the Collateral Agent, which shall be designated as the Payment Account , which shall be maintained by the Borrower with the Securities Intermediary in accordance with the Account Control Agreement and which shall be subject to the Lien of the Collateral Agent. Except as provided in Section 9.01, the only permitted withdrawal from or application of funds on deposit in, or otherwise to the credit of, the Payment Account shall be to pay amounts due and payable under the Priority of Payments on the Payment Dates in accordance with their terms and the provisions of this Agreement. The Borrower shall not have any legal, equitable or beneficial interest in the Payment Account other than in accordance with this Agreement and the Priority of Payments. Amounts on deposit in the Payment Account will not be invested. 
 SECTION 1.4. The Revolving Reserve Account Fundings . In accordance with this Agreement and the Account Control Agreement, the Borrower shall, on or prior to the Closing Date, establish at the Securities Intermediary a single, segregated trust account in the name BGSL Breckenridge Funding LLC Revolving Reserve Account, subject to the Lien of the Collateral Agent, which shall be designated as the Revolving Reserve Account , which shall be maintained by the Borrower with the Securities Intermediary in accordance with the Account Control Agreement and which shall be subject to the Lien of the Collateral Agent. The only permitted deposits to or withdrawals from the Revolving Reserve Account shall be in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. The Borrower shall not have any legal, equitable or beneficial interest in the Revolving Reserve Account other than in accordance with this Agreement and the Priority of Payments. 
 During the Reinvestment Period, fundings of Delayed Drawdown Collateral Loans and Revolving Collateral Loans shall be made using, first, amounts on deposit in the Revolving Reserve Account, then available Principal Proceeds on deposit in the Collection Account and finally, available Advances. On the last day of the Reinvestment Period, to the extent the amount of funds on deposit in the Revolving Reserve Account are less than the Revolving Exposure, (x) the Borrower shall request a final Advance in an amount sufficient to fund the Revolving Reserve Account in an amount equal to the Revolving Exposure provided that after giving effect to such Advance, the aggregate principal amount of the Advances then outstanding shall not exceed the Maximum Available Amount, and or (y) the Borrower shall deposit other available funds into the Revolving Reserve Account in an amount sufficient to fund the Revolving Reserve Account in an amount equal to the Revolving Exposure. After the Commitment Termination Date, fundings of Delayed Drawdown Collateral Loans and Revolving Collateral Loans shall be made using, first, amounts on deposit in the Revolving Reserve Account, then available Principal Proceeds on deposit in the Collection Account. In addition, after the Commitment Termination Date, all Principal Proceeds received with respect to Revolving Collateral Loans shall be deposited into the Revolving Reserve Account to the extent such proceeds may be re-borrowed by the related Obligors. 
 Amounts on deposit in the Revolving Reserve Account will be invested in overnight funds that are Eligible Investments selected by the Servicer pursuant to Section 8.06 and earnings from all such investments will be deposited in the Interest Collection Subaccount as Interest Proceeds. Funds in the Revolving Reserve Account (other than earnings from Eligible Investments therein) will be available solely to cover drawdowns on the Delayed Drawdown Collateral Loans and Revolving Collateral Loans and settle purchases of Collateral Loans committed to be acquired by the Borrower prior to the end of the Reinvestment Period provided that, to the extent that the aggregate amount of funds on deposit therein at any time exceeds an amount equal to the Revolving Exposure, the Collateral Agent, at the direction of the Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf) shall remit such excess to the Principal Collection Subaccount. In 
 -102- 

addition, following the occurrence of an Event of Default, funds in the Revolving Reserve Account may be withdrawn by the Collateral Agent and deposited into the Principal Collection Subaccount pursuant to and at the direction of the Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 1.5. Reserved . 
 SECTION 1.6. Reinvestment of Funds in Covered Accounts Reports by Collateral Agent . (a) By delivery of a certificate of a Responsible Officer (which may be in the form of standing instructions), the Borrower (or the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower) shall at all times direct the Collateral Agent to, and, upon receipt of such certificate, the Collateral Agent shall, invest all funds on deposit in the Collection Account and the Revolving Reserve Account in Eligible Investments having stated maturities no later than the Business Day preceding the next Payment Date (or such shorter maturities expressly provided herein, including Section 8.04 above). If, prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Servicer shall not have given any such investment directions, such funds shall remain uninvested. After the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Collateral Agent shall invest and reinvest such Monies as fully as practicable in Specified Eligible Investments selected by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the definition of Specified Eligible Investment (and if no Specified Eligible Investment has been specified, such funds shall be invested in the Specified Eligible Investment selected by the Servicer or held uninvested if none has been selected). Except to the extent expressly provided otherwise herein, all interest, gain, loss and other income from such investments shall be deposited, credited or charged (as applicable) in and to the Interest Collection Subaccount. Absent its timely receipt of such instruction from the Servicer in accordance with the foregoing, the Collateral Agent shall not be under an obligation to invest (or pay interest on) funds held hereunder. The Collateral Agent shall in no way be liable for any insufficiency in a Covered Account resulting from any loss relating to any such investment. 
 (a) The Collateral Agent agrees to give the Borrower prompt notice if any Covered Account or any funds on deposit in any Covered Account, or otherwise to the credit of a Covered Account, shall become subject to any writ, order, judgment, warrant of attachment, execution or similar process. All Covered Accounts shall remain at all times with the Securities Intermediary. 
 (b) The Collateral Agent shall supply, in a timely fashion, to the Borrower and the Servicer any information regularly maintained by the Collateral Agent that the Borrower or the Servicer may from time to time reasonably request with respect to the Collateral, the Covered Accounts and the other Collateral and provide any other requested information reasonably available to the Collateral Agent and required to be provided by Section 8.07 or to permit the Servicer to perform its obligations hereunder or the Borrower s obligations hereunder that have been delegated to the Servicer. The Collateral Agent shall promptly forward to the Servicer copies of notices and other writings received by it from the Obligor of any Collateral Loan or from any Clearing Agency with respect to any Collateral Loan which notices or writings advise the holders of such Collateral Loan of any rights that the holders might have with respect thereto (including requests to vote with respect to amendments or waivers and notices of prepayments and redemptions) as well as all periodic financial reports received from such Obligor and Clearing Agency with respect to such Obligor. 
 SECTION 1.7. Accountings . 
 (a) Monthly . Not later than two (2) Business Days prior to the 20th calendar day of each calendar month, beginning with February 2019 (other than March, June, September and December in each year) (such date, the Monthly Reporting Date ), the Servicer shall compile and provide to the Agents and the Lenders, a monthly report for the 
 -103- 

prior calendar month (each, a Monthly Report in accordance with this Section 8.07. The Servicer shall compile and provide to the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent a loan data file (the Data File in the form of Exhibit H for the previous monthly period ending on the Monthly Report Determination Date (containing such information agreed upon by the Servicer, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent). The Servicer shall provide (or cause to be provided) the Data File to the Collateral Agent at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Monthly Reporting Date and, with respect to a Payment Date Report, at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Payment Date. The Collateral Agent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to review and, based solely on the Data File provided by the Borrower (or Servicer on its behalf), re-calculate the calculations in clauses (i) through (xvi) below made by the Servicer in any such Monthly Report or Payment Date Report, as applicable, for such calendar month, within two (2) Business Days of the receipt thereof and notify the Servicer and the Administrative Agent in the event of any discrepancy between the Collateral Agent s calculations and the Monthly Report and Payment Date Report. The Collateral Agent shall re-calculate pursuant to the preceding sentence (i) Aggregate Net Collateral Balance, (ii) Borrowing Base, (iii) Excess Concentration Amount, (iv) Maximum Available Amount, (v) Tranche A Borrowing Base, (vi) Tranche B Borrowing Base, (vii) Tranche C Borrowing Base, (viii) Tranche A OC Ratio, (ix) Tranche B OC Ratio, (x) Tranche C OC Ratio, (xi) each Tranche Minimum OC Coverage Test, (xii) each Coverage Test, (xiii) for any Payment Date Report, completion of Priority of Payments pursuant to Section 9.01(a), (xiv) balances for each of the Covered Accounts and (xv) such other calculations as may be mutually agreed upon by the Collateral Agent, the Servicer and the Administrative Agent. Upon receipt of such notice reporting and showing discrepancies, if any, from the Collateral Agent and in any event by no later than the Monthly Reporting Date, the Servicer shall compile and provide (or cause to be compiled and provided) to the Agents and the Lenders the Monthly Report. As used herein, the Monthly Report Determination Date with respect to any calendar month in which a Payment Date does not occur (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next Business Day) will be the last day of such calendar month. The Monthly Report for a calendar month shall contain the information with respect to the Collateral Loans and Eligible Investments included in the Collateral that is agreed to by the Servicer, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent from time to time, and shall be determined as of the Monthly Report Determination Date for such calendar month. 
 In addition, the Borrower shall provide (or cause to be provided) in each Monthly Report a statement setting forth in reasonable detail each amendment, modification or waiver under any Related Document for each Collateral Loan that constitutes a Material Modification that became effective since the immediately preceding Monthly Report (or, in respect of the first Monthly Report, from the Closing Date). 
 (b) Payment Date Accounting . The Borrower shall render (or cause to be rendered) an accounting (each, a Payment Date Report ), determined as of the close of business on each Determination Date preceding a Payment Date (such Determination Date, a Payment Date Report Determination Date ), and shall deliver such Payment Date Report to the Agents, the Servicer and each Lender not later than the second Business Day preceding the related Payment Date. The Payment Date Report shall contain the information that is agreed to by the Servicer, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent from time to time. 
 (c) Daily Accounting . For each Business Day, the Collateral Agent shall render to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent and the Servicer) a daily report of (i) all deposits to and withdrawals from the Covered Accounts for such Business Day and the outstanding balance of the Covered Accounts as of the end of such Business Day, (ii) all settled trades of securities for such Business Day, (iii) the Adjusted Principal 
 -104- 

Balance of each Collateral Loan as of the end of such Business Day, (iv) the OC Ratio as of the end of such Business Day, (v) the Borrower s compliance with the Concentration Limitations, (vi) the Loan Value of each Collateral Loan, (vii) the S&P rating and Moody s rating of each Collateral Loan and or the Obligor thereunder (if applicable), (viii) all principal and interest payments made or to be made on each Collateral Loan on such Business Day, (ix) the applicable interest rates, interest rate resets, interest accrual periods and libor floors, if any, of each Collateral Loan, (x) the portion of the Principal Balance of any Delayed Drawdown Collateral Loan that is unfunded, (xi) the amount of Interest Proceeds received from Collateral Loans and Eligible Investments, (xii) the Collateral Loans that are Defaulted Collateral Loans and (xiii) such other items as may be agreed upon from time to time by the Collateral Agent and the Borrower. Loan Value shall be determined in accordance with the definition herein and provided to the Collateral Agent. For purposes of calculating the Adjusted Principal Balance of each Collateral Loan, the Collateral Agent shall begin including each Collateral Loan in the report as of its trade date. 
 (d) Failure to Provide Accounting . If the Collateral Agent shall not have received any accounting provided for in this Section 8.07 on the first Business Day after the date on which such accounting is due to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Agent shall notify the Servicer who shall use reasonable efforts to obtain such accounting by the applicable Monthly Reporting Date or Payment Date, as applicable. The Collateral Agent shall in no event have any liability for the actions or omissions of the Servicer, the Borrower or any other Person, and shall have no liability for any inaccuracy or error in any duty performed by it that results from or is caused by inaccurate, untimely or incomplete information or data received by it from the Servicer, the Borrower or another Person (other than claims relating to the Collateral Agent s gross negligence or willful misconduct). 
 SECTION 1.8. Release of Collateral . (a) The Borrower may, by delivery of a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Servicer (with the written consent of the Administrative Agent if the Administrative Agent has notified the Collateral Agent in writing, following the occurrence of or during the continuation of an Event of Default, to only permit releases with the written consent of the Administrative Agent) delivered to the Collateral Agent and Custodian, as applicable, at least one (1) Business Day prior to the settlement date for any sale of any item of Collateral certifying that the sale of such loan is being made in accordance with Section 10.01 and such sale complies with all applicable requirements of Section 10.01, direct the Collateral Agent to release or cause to be released such item from the Lien of this Agreement and, upon receipt of such certificate, the Collateral Agent (or Custodian, as applicable) shall deliver any such item, if in physical form, duly endorsed to the broker or purchaser designated in such certificate or, if such item is a Clearing Corporation Security, cause an appropriate transfer thereof to be made, in each case against receipt of the sales price therefor as specified by the Servicer in such certificate provided that the Collateral Agent may deliver any such item in physical form for examination in accordance with street delivery custom. 
 (a) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Collateral Agent (or Custodian, as applicable) shall, upon the receipt of a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Servicer, deliver any Collateral in accordance with such certificate, and execute such documents or instruments as are delivered by or on behalf of the Borrower and reasonably necessary to release or cause to be released such security from the Lien of this Agreement, which is set for any mandatory call or redemption or payment in full to the appropriate paying agent on or before the date set for such call, redemption or payment, in each case against receipt of the call or redemption price or payment in full thereof. 
 (b) As provided in Section 8.02(a), the Collateral Agent shall deposit any proceeds received by it from the disposition of any Collateral in the applicable subaccount of the Collection Account, unless simultaneously applied to the purchase of additional 
 -105- 

Collateral Loans or Eligible Investments as permitted under and in accordance with the requirements of this Article VIII and Article X. 
 (c) The Collateral Agent shall, upon receipt of a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying that there are no Commitments outstanding and all Obligations of the Borrower hereunder and under the other Facility Documents have been satisfied, execute such documents or instruments as are delivered by or on behalf of the Borrower and reasonably necessary to release any remaining Collateral from the Lien of this Agreement. 
 (d) Any Collateral Loan or amounts that are released pursuant to Section 8.08(a) or (b) shall be automatically released from the Lien of this Agreement. 
 SECTION 1.9. Reports by Independent Accountants . (a) The Servicer will cause Protiviti Inc. or any other firm of nationally recognized independent public accountants (who may also render other services to the Servicer) consented to by the Administrative Agent (the Independent Accountants to furnish to the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Collateral Agent (i) on or prior to December, 2019 (the Initial AUP Report Date ), a report relating to one Monthly Report and one Payment Date Report (in each case, as selected by the Administrative Agent), each delivered prior to the Initial AUP Report Date, and (ii) on or prior to each one-year anniversary of the Initial AUP Report Date (each such anniversary, an AUP Report Date ), a report relating to one Monthly Report and one Payment Date Report (in each case, as selected by the Administrative Agent), each delivered during the twelve (12) months immediately preceding such AUP Report Date, in each case, to the effect that such accountants have applied certain agreed-upon procedures (a copy of which procedures are attached hereto as Exhibit F, it being understood that the Servicer and the Administrative Agent will provide an updated Exhibit F reflecting any further amendments to such Exhibit F prior to the issuance of the first such agreed-upon procedures report, a copy of which shall replace the then existing Exhibit F) to certain documents and records relating to the Collateral under any Facility Document, compare the information contained in selected Monthly Reports and Payment Date Reports (and all calculations therein) delivered during the period covered by such report with such documents and records and that no matters came to the attention of such accountants that caused them to believe that such servicing was not conducted in compliance with this Agreement, except for such exceptions as such accountants shall believe to be immaterial and such other exceptions as shall be set forth in such statement. 
 (a) In the event the Independent Accountants appointed pursuant to clause (a) above require the Collateral Agent to agree to the procedures performed by such Independent Accountants with respect to any of the reports, statements or certificates of such Independent Accountants, or sign any agreement in connection therewith, Borrower hereby directs the Collateral Agent to agree to the terms and conditions requested by such Independent Accountants as a condition to receiving documentation required by this Agreement it being understood and agreed that the Collateral Agent shall deliver such agreement in conclusive reliance on the foregoing direction and shall make no inquiry or investigation as to, and shall have no obligation or responsibility in respect of, the terms of the engagement of such Independent Accountants by the Borrower or the sufficiency, validity or correctness of the agreed upon procedures in respect of such engagement. The Borrower hereby authorizes and directs the Collateral Agent, without liability on its part, to execute and deliver any such agreement with such Independent Accountants in the form presented to it by the Borrower (or the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower), which agreement, to the extent so directed by the Borrower (or the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower), may include, amongst other things, (i) an acknowledgement that the Borrower (or the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower) has agreed that the procedures by such Independent Accountants are sufficient for the relevant purposes, (ii) releases by the Collateral Agent of any claims, liabilities and expenses arising 
 -106- 

out of or relating to such Independent Accountant s engagement, agreed-upon procedures or any report, statement or certificate issued by such Independent Accountants under any such engagement and acknowledgement of other limitations of liability in favor of such Independent Accountants and (iii) restrictions or prohibitions on the disclosure of any such reports, statements, certificates or other information or documents provided to it by such Independent Accountants. 
 ARTICLE XIV APPLICATION OF MONIES 
 SECTION 1.1. Disbursements of Monies from Payment Account . (a) Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, but subject to the other subsections of this Section 9.01, on each Payment Date, the Collateral Agent shall disburse amounts transferred from the Collection Account to the Payment Account pursuant to Section 8.02 in accordance with the Payment Date Report and the following priorities (the Priority of Payments 
 (i) On each Payment Date prior to the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, Interest Proceeds on deposit in the Interest Collection Subaccount, to the extent received on or before the related Determination Date (or, if such Determination Date is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day) will be transferred into the Payment Account, to be applied in the following order of priority 
 (A) to pay registration, registered office and filing fees, if any, of the Borrower, subject to a cap of 15,000 per annum 
 (B) to pay Administrative Expenses provided that the amounts in this clause (B) shall not exceed the Administrative Expense Cap 
 (C) to each Lender, pro rata , based on amounts owed, to pay accrued and unpaid Interest on the Advances and Commitment Fees due to each such Lender and amounts payable to each such Lender under Section 2.11 
 (D) to the Administrative Agent to pay all fees and expenses of the Administrative Agent under the Facility Documents 
 (E) (1) first , to the Servicer to pay the Servicer Fee, plus any Servicer Fee that remains due and unpaid in respect of any prior Payment Dates as a result of insufficient funds and (2) second , to pay Servicer Expenses provided that the amounts in this clause (2) shall not exceed the Servicer Expense Cap for such Payment Date 
 (F) (1) on the Payment Date occurring after the 12-month anniversary of the Commitment Termination Date, pro rata to the Lenders to reduce the outstanding principal amount to not more than 75 of the outstanding principal amount as of the Commitment Termination Date (calculated after giving effect to any paydown on such Payment Date pursuant to Section 9.01(a)(ii)) and (2) on the Payment Date occurring after the 18-month anniversary of the Commitment Termination Date, pro rata to the Lenders to reduce the outstanding principal amount to not more than 50 of the outstanding principal amount as of the Commitment Termination Date (calculated after giving effect to any paydown on such Payment Date pursuant to Section 9.01(a)(ii)) 
 -107- 

(G) if the Coverage Tests are not satisfied as of the relevant Determination Date, to pay principal of the Advances of each Lender pro rata , based on each Lender s Percentage) until the Coverage Tests are satisfied (on a pro forma basis as at such Determination Date) provided that the Borrower shall be permitted to allocate such principal payments among the Tranches on each Payment Date so long as, after giving effect to such allocation of payments on such Payment Date, each Tranche s Tranche Minimum OC Coverage Test is satisfied provided , further , that, if the Borrower would be unable to cause each Tranche s Tranche Minimum OC Coverage Test to be satisfied on any Payment Date after allocating such payments, the Administrative Agent shall allocate such payments in its sole discretion 
 (H) (i) during the Reinvestment Period, at the discretion of the Servicer, for deposit into the Revolving Reserve Account until the amount on deposit therein equals the Revolving Exposure and (ii) after the Reinvestment Period, for deposit into the Revolving Reserve Account until the amount on deposit therein equals the Revolving Exposure 
 (I) to pay, on a pro rata basis, accrued and unpaid amounts owing to Affected Persons (if any) under Sections 2.10 and 13.04, all unpaid Commitment Reduction Fees and all other fees, expenses or indemnities owed to the Secured Parties or Indemnified Parties 
 (J) (1) first , to the payment or application of amounts referred to in clause (B) above (in the same order of priority specified therein), to the extent not paid in full pursuant to applications under such clause, (2) second , to the payment or application of amounts referred to in clause (D) above to the extent not paid in full pursuant to such clause, and (3) third , to the payment or application of amounts referred to in clause (E) above to the extent not paid in full pursuant to such clause and 
 (K) (1) if a Default has occurred and is continuing, to remain in the Interest Collection Subaccount (other than any Permitted RIC Distribution) or (2) otherwise, any remaining amount shall be released to the Equityholder or its designee (or, at the direction of the Servicer, deposited into the Principal Collection Subaccount for investment in Collateral Loans). 
 (ii) On each Payment Date prior to the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, except for any Principal Proceeds that will be used to settle binding commitments entered into prior to the related Determination Date for the purchase of Collateral Loans, Principal Proceeds on deposit in the Principal Collection Subaccount to the extent received on or before the related Determination Date (or, if such Determination Date is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day) will be transferred to the Payment Account to be applied in the following order of priority 
 (A) to the payment of unpaid amounts under clauses (A) through (E) in clause (i) above (in the same order of priority specified therein), to the extent not paid in full thereunder, but subject to any caps specified therein 
 (B) during the Special Amortization Period, to pay principal of the Advances of each Lender pro rata, based on the amount of each Lender s Commitment Excess) until the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Advances of each such Lender is no greater than such Lender s Commitment as of such date 
 -108- 

(C) during the Reinvestment Period, (i) if the Coverage Tests are not satisfied as of the relevant Determination Date, to pay principal of the Advances of each Lender pro rata , based on each Lender s Percentage) until such Coverage Tests are satisfied (on a pro forma basis as at such Determination Date) and (ii) to the Principal Collection Subaccount for the purchase of additional Collateral Loans (including funding Revolving Collateral Loans and Delayed Drawdown Collateral Loans) and or for the making of any Permitted Distribution or Permitted RIC Distribution 
 (D) after the Reinvestment Period, to pay the Advances of each Lender pro rata , based on each Lender s Percentage) until the Advances are paid in full provided that the Borrower shall be permitted to allocate such principal payments among the Tranches on each Payment Date so long as, after giving effect to such allocation of payments on such Payment Date, each Tranche s Tranche Minimum OC Coverage Test is satisfied provided , further , that, if the Borrower would be unable to cause each Tranche s Tranche Minimum OC Coverage Test to be satisfied on any Payment Date after allocating such payments, the Administrative Agent shall allocate such payments in its sole discretion 
 (E) to the payment of amounts referred to in clauses (I) and (J) of clause (i) above (in the same order of priority specified therein), to the extent not paid in full thereunder and 
 (F) (1) if a Default has occurred and is continuing, to remain in the Principal Collection Subaccount (other than any Permitted RIC Distribution) or (2) otherwise, any remaining amount shall be released to the Equityholder or its designee (or, at the direction of the Servicer, deposited into the Principal Collection Subaccount for investment in Collateral Loans). 
 (iii) On each Payment Date following the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, all Interest Proceeds in the Interest Collection Subaccount and all Principal Proceeds in the Principal Collection Subaccount, except for any Principal Proceeds that will be used to settle binding commitments entered into prior to the related Determination Date for the purchase of Collateral Loans, in each case, to the extent received on or before the related Determination Date (or, if such Determination Date is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day) will be transferred to the Payment Account to be applied in the following order of priority 
 (A) to pay registration, registered office and filing fees, if any, of the Borrower, subject to a cap of 15,000 per annum 
 (B) (1) first , to pay Administrative Expenses as provided in Section 9.01(a)(i)(B) subject to the Administrative Expense Cap and (2) second , to the Administrative Agent to pay all fees and expenses of the Administrative Agent under the Facility Documents 
 (C) to each Lender, pro rata , based on amounts owed, to pay accrued and unpaid Interest on the Advances and Commitment Fees due to each such Lender and amounts payable to each such Lender under Section 2.11 
 (D) (1) first , to the Servicer to pay the Servicer Fee, plus any Servicer Fee that remains due and unpaid in respect of any prior Payment Dates as a result of insufficient funds and (2) second , to pay Servicer Expenses in accordance with 
 -109- 

the priorities specified in the definition thereof, provided that the amounts in this clause (D)(2) shall not exceed the Servicer Expense Cap 
 (E) to pay the principal of the Advances of each Lender pro rata , based on each Lender s Percentage) until paid in full provided that the Administrative Agent shall allocate such principal payments among the Tranches in its sole discretion 
 (F) to pay, on a pro rata basis, accrued and unpaid amounts owing to Affected Persons (if any) under Sections 2.10 and 13.04, all unpaid Commitment Reduction Fees and all other fees, expenses or indemnities owed to the Secured Parties or Indemnified Parties 
 (G) (1) first , to the payment of amounts referred to in clause (B) and (2) second , to the payment of amounts referred to in clause (D)(2) above, in each case to the extent not paid in full pursuant to such clause and 
 (H) any remaining amount shall be released to the Equityholder or its designee. 
 (a) If on any Payment Date the amount available in the Payment Account is insufficient to make the full amount of the disbursements required by the Payment Date Report, the Collateral Agent shall make the disbursements called for in the order and according to the priority set forth under Section 9.01(a) to the extent funds are available therefor. 
 ARTICLE XV SALE OF COLLATERAL LOANS PURCHASE OF ADDITIONAL COLLATERAL LOANS 
 SECTION 1.1. Sales of Collateral Loans . 
 (a) Discretionary Sales of Collateral Loans . Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions specified in Section 10.03, the Borrower (or the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower) may, but will not be required to, direct the Collateral Agent to sell, and the Collateral Agent shall sell in the manner directed by the Servicer, any Collateral Loan if such sale meets the requirements set forth below (as shown in the Borrowing Base Calculation Statement delivered with respect thereto in accordance with Section 5.02(d)(iii)) 
 (i) no Default or Event of Default exists or would result upon giving effect thereto provided that the Borrower (or the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower) may sell one or more Collateral Loans if after giving effect thereto and the application of the proceeds thereof any existing Default or Event of Default would be cured 
 (ii) upon giving effect thereto and the application of the proceeds thereof, the Minimum OC Coverage Test is satisfied 
 (iii) such sale is not to the Equityholder, the Servicer or a Person that is an Affiliate of the Borrower, the Equityholder or the Servicer unless it complies with Section 5.03(h) and Section 10.03 and 
 -110- 

(iv) if the sale is after the Reinvestment Period, after giving effect to such sale or disposition, the OC Ratio would not (A) be decreased and (b) be less than 125 without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent 
 provided that the restriction in clause (iii) above in this Section 10.01(a) shall not apply to sales of Defaulted Collateral Loans or Ineligible Collateral Loans. 
 Notwithstanding anything above that would otherwise prohibit the sale of a Collateral Loan after the occurrence or during the continuance of a Default or an Event of Default, if the Borrower entered into an agreement to sell any such Collateral prior to the occurrence of such Default or an Event of Default, but such sale did not settle prior to the occurrence of such Default or an Event of Default, then the Borrower shall be permitted to consummate such sale notwithstanding the occurrence of such Default or an Event of Default provided that the settlement for such sale occurs within the customary settlement period for similar trades. 
 (b) Ineligible Collateral Loans. Notwithstanding Section 10.01(a), if on any day a Collateral Loan is no longer an Eligible Collateral Loan, the Borrower shall either make a deposit of the funds and or deliver one or more replacement Collateral Loans for such ineligible Collateral Loan, in each case pursuant to the Loan Sale Agreement and in accordance with Section 10.03. Upon confirmation of the deposit of the amount described above into the Collection Account or the delivery to the Borrower of the replacement Collateral Loans, such ineligible Collateral Loan shall be removed from the Collateral and the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall automatically and without further action be deemed to release to the Borrower, without recourse, representation or warranty, all the right, title and interest and any Lien of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties in, to and under such ineligible Collateral Loan. 
 (c) Sales of Equity Securities . The Borrower (or the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower) may sell any Equity Security at any time without restriction, and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to effect the sale of any Equity Security, regardless of price, within forty-five (45) days of receipt if such Equity Security constitutes Margin Stock, unless such sale is prohibited by Applicable Law or contract, in which case such Equity Security should be sold as soon as such sale is permitted by Applicable Law or contract. 
 SECTION 1.2. Purchase of Additional Collateral Loans . (a) On any date during the Reinvestment Period, if no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Special Amortization Period is not then in effect, the Borrower (or the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower) may, if each of the conditions specified in this Section 10.02 and Section 10.04 are met, invest Principal Proceeds (and accrued interest received with respect to any Collateral Loan to the extent used to pay for accrued interest on additional Collateral Loans and other amounts on deposit in the Principal Collection Subaccount) in additional Collateral Loans on the current Approved List or subject to an Approval Request provided that no Collateral Loan may be purchased unless each of the following conditions are satisfied as of the date the Servicer commits on behalf of the Borrower to make such purchase and after giving effect to such purchase and all other sales or purchases previously or simultaneously committed to 
 (i) the Borrower shall have delivered and the Administrative Agent shall have approved an Approval Request with respect to the Collateral Loan pursuant to the terms of Section 2.02 
 (ii) such obligation is an Eligible Collateral Loan and 
 -111- 

(iii) each Coverage Test is satisfied (or, if not satisfied immediately prior to such investment, compliance with such Coverage Test is maintained or improved). 
 SECTION 1.3. Conditions Applicable to All Sale and Purchase Transactions . (a) Any transaction effected under this Article X (other than sales required by Section 10.01(c)) or in connection with the acquisition of additional Collateral Loans shall be for fair market value and, if effected with a Person that is the Equityholder or an Affiliate thereof, shall be (i) in compliance with Section 5.03(h), (ii) effected in accordance with all Applicable Laws, (iii) during the 12-month period most recently ended prior to the relevant date of determination (or such lesser number of months as shall have elapsed since the Closing Date), and after giving pro forma effect to such transaction, the value of Collateral Loans substituted or sold by the Borrower to Affiliates of the Servicer may not exceed 20 of the highest Aggregate Principal Balance of Collateral Loans of the Borrower during such 12-month period (or such higher percentage as agreed to by the Administrative Agent), and (iv) during the 12-month period most recently ended prior to the relevant date of determination (or such lesser number of months as shall have elapsed since the Closing Date), and after giving pro forma effect to such transaction, the value of Defaulted Collateral Loans substituted or sold by the Borrower to Affiliates of the Servicer may not exceed 10 of the highest Aggregate Principal Balance of Collateral Loans of the Borrower during such 12-month period. 
 (a) Upon each acquisition by the Borrower of a Collateral Loan (i) all of the Borrower s right, title and interest to such Collateral Loan shall be subject to the Lien granted to the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement and (ii) such Collateral Loan shall be Delivered to the Collateral Agent. 
 SECTION 1.4. Additional Equity Contributions . (a) The Equityholder may, but shall have no obligation to, at any time or from time to time make a capital contribution to the Borrower for any purpose, including for the purpose of curing any Default, satisfying any Coverage Test, enabling the acquisition or sale of any Collateral Loan or satisfying any conditions under Section 3.02. Each contribution shall either be made (a) in Cash (in which event such contributions shall be made by deposit into the Collection Account), (b) by assignment and contribution of an Eligible Investment and or (c) by assignment of a Collateral Loan that is an Eligible Collateral Loan. In connection with any contribution described in this Section 10.04, the Servicer shall provide written instruction to the Collateral Agent identifying (a) the subclause under which such contribution is being made (the Contribution Notice and (b)(i) in the case of contributions made in Cash, (A) the timing of such contribution and (B) the amount of such contribution and (ii) in the case of contributions made by assignment and contribution of an Eligible Investment and or by assignment of a Collateral Loan that is an Eligible Collateral Loan, (A) the name of such Eligible Investment and or Collateral Loan and (B) attaching the accompanying assignment forms. All Cash contributed to the Borrower shall be treated as Principal Proceeds, except to the extent that the Servicer specifies in the Contribution Notice that such Cash shall constitute Interest Proceeds and shall be deposited into a Collection Account in accordance with Section 8.02 as designated by the Servicer. 
 ARTICLE XVI ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICING OF CONTRACTS 
 SECTION 1.1. Appointment and Designation of the Servicer . 
 (a) Initial Servicer . The Borrower hereby appoints Blackstone GSO Secured Lending Fund, pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as Servicer, with the authority to service, administer and exercise rights and remedies, on behalf of the Borrower, 
 -112- 

in respect of the Collateral. Blackstone GSO Secured Lending Fund hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the duties and responsibilities of the Servicer pursuant to the terms hereof. The Servicer and the Borrower hereby acknowledge that the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties are third party beneficiaries of the obligations undertaken by the Servicer hereunder. 
 (b) Servicer Removal Notice . The Borrower, the Servicer, each Lender and the Administrative Agent hereby agree that, upon the occurrence of a Servicer Removal Event, the Administrative Agent may provide a removal notice to the Servicer (with a copy to the Collateral Agent) (a Servicer Removal Notice and terminate all of the rights, obligations, power and authority of the Servicer under this Agreement. On and after the receipt by the Servicer of a Servicer Removal Notice pursuant to this Section 11.01(b), the Servicer shall continue to perform all servicing functions under this Agreement until the date specified in the Servicer Removal Notice or otherwise specified by the Administrative Agent in writing or, if no such date is specified in such Servicer Removal Notice or otherwise specified by the Administrative Agent, until a date mutually agreed upon by the Servicer and the Administrative Agent and shall be entitled to receive the Servicer Fee therefor accrued until such date. After such date, the Servicer agrees that it will terminate its activities as Servicer hereunder in a manner that the Administrative Agent believes will facilitate the transition of the performance of such activities to the Replacement Servicer, and except as provided herein the Replacement Servicer shall assume each and all of the Servicer s obligations to service and administer the Collateral, on the terms and subject to the conditions herein set forth, and the Servicer shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to assist the Replacement Servicer in assuming such obligations. 
 (c) Appointment of Replacement Servicer . At any time following the delivery of a Servicer Removal Notice, the Administrative Agent may appoint a successor servicer (the Replacement Servicer ), which appointment shall take effect upon the Replacement Servicer accepting such appointment by a written assumption in a form satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. Upon the appointment of a Replacement Servicer, the initial Servicer shall have no liability with respect to any action performed by the Replacement Servicer on or after the date that the Replacement Servicer assumes the servicing duties of the Servicer. 
 (d) Liabilities and Obligations of Replacement Servicer . Upon its appointment, the Replacement Servicer shall be the successor in all respects to the Servicer with respect to servicing functions under this Agreement and shall be subject to all the responsibilities, duties and liabilities relating thereto placed on the Servicer by the terms and provisions hereof, and all references in this Agreement to the Servicer shall be deemed to refer to the Replacement Servicer provided that the Replacement Servicer shall have (i) no liability with respect to any action performed by the terminated Servicer prior to the date that the Replacement Servicer becomes the successor to the Servicer or any claim of a third party based on any alleged action or inaction of the terminated Servicer, (ii) no obligation to perform any advancing or any repurchase obligations, if any, of the Servicer unless it elects to in its sole discretion, (iii) no obligation to pay any Taxes required to be paid by the Servicer provided that the Replacement Servicer shall pay any income Taxes for which it is liable), (iv) no obligation to pay any of the fees and expenses of any other party to the transactions contemplated hereby, and (v) no liability or obligation with respect to any Servicer indemnification obligations of any prior Servicer, including the original Servicer. The indemnification obligations of the Replacement Servicer, upon becoming a Replacement Servicer, are expressly limited to those arising on account of its failure to act in good faith and with reasonable care under the circumstances. In addition, the Replacement Servicer shall have no liability relating to the representations and warranties of the Servicer contained in Section 4.02. Any other provision in this Agreement notwithstanding, if a Replacement 
 -113- 

Servicer is appointed, it shall perform its obligations hereunder in good faith and with reasonable care, exercising a degree of skill and attention no less than what it exercises to service similar assets for itself and for others, such standard of care to be the Servicing Standard applicable to it. 
 (e) Subcontracts . The Servicer may, without the consent of any party but with prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, subcontract with any other Person for servicing, administering or collecting the Collateral provided that (i) the Servicer shall select any such Person with reasonable care and shall be solely responsible for the fees and expenses payable to any such Person, (ii) the Servicer shall not be relieved of, and shall remain liable for, the performance of the duties and obligations of the Servicer pursuant to the terms hereof without regard to any subcontracting arrangement and (iii) any such subcontract shall be terminable upon the occurrence of a Servicer Removal Event. 
 SECTION 1.2. Duties of the Servicer . 
 (a) Duties . The Servicer shall take or cause to be taken all such actions as may be necessary or advisable to service, administer and collect on the Collateral from time to time, all in accordance with Applicable Law and the Servicing Standard. Prior to the delivery of a Servicer Removal Notice, but subject to the terms of this Agreement (including Section 11.04 and Article VI), the Servicer has the sole and exclusive authority to make any and all decisions with respect to the Collateral and take or refrain from taking any and all actions with respect to the Collateral. Without limiting the foregoing, the duties of the Servicer shall include the following 
 (i) supervising the Collateral, including communicating with Obligors, executing amendments, providing consents and waivers, exercising voting rights, enforcing and collecting on the Collateral and otherwise managing the Collateral on behalf of the Borrower 
 (ii) maintaining all necessary servicing records with respect to the Collateral and providing such reports to the Administrative Agent and each Lender (with a copy to the Collateral Agent and the Custodian) in respect of the servicing of the Collateral (including information relating to its performance under this Agreement) as may be required hereunder or as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request and which can be obtained without any undue burden or expense 
 (iii) maintaining and implementing administrative and operating procedures (including an ability to recreate servicing records evidencing the Collateral in the event of the destruction of the originals thereof) and keeping and maintaining all documents, books, records and other information reasonably necessary or advisable for the collection of the Collateral 
 (iv) promptly delivering to the Administrative Agent, each Lender, the Collateral Agent or the Custodian, from time to time, such information and servicing records (including information relating to its performance under this Agreement) as the Administrative Agent, each Lender, Custodian or the Collateral Agent may from time to time reasonably request and which can be obtained without any undue burden or expense 
 (v) identifying each Collateral Loan in its internal servicing records to reflect the ownership of such Collateral Loan by the Borrower 
 (vi) notifying the Administrative Agent and each Lender of any material action, suit, proceeding, dispute, offset, deduction, defense or counterclaim (A) that is or 
 -114- 

is threatened to be asserted by an Obligor with respect to any Loan (or portion thereof) of which it has actual knowledge or has received notice or (B) that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (vii) maintaining the perfected security interest of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in the Collateral 
 (viii) directing the Collateral Agent to make payments pursuant to the terms of the Payment Date Report 
 (ix) assisting the Borrower with respect to the purchase and sale of and payment for the Collateral Loans and Eligible Investments 
 (x) instructing the Obligors and the administrative agents on the Collateral Loans to make payments directly into the Collection Account established and maintained with the Collateral Agent 
 (xi) delivering assignments and promissory notes to the Custodian 
 (xii) complying with such other duties and responsibilities as may be required of the Servicer by this Agreement and 
 (xiii) assisting in the acquisition and sale of Collateral Loans and other Collateral in accordance with Article X and the Servicing Standard. 
 It is acknowledged and agreed that in circumstances in which a Person other than the Borrower or the Servicer acts as lead agent with respect to any Collateral Loan, the Servicer shall perform its servicing duties hereunder only to the extent a lender under the applicable Related Documents has the right to do so. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the exercise by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties of their rights hereunder shall not release the Servicer (unless replaced by a Replacement Servicer) or the Borrower from any of their duties or responsibilities with respect to the Collateral. The Secured Parties, the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Collateral Agent shall not have any obligation or liability with respect to any Collateral, nor shall any of them be obligated to perform any of the obligations of the Servicer hereunder, unless one of them becomes a Replacement Servicer hereunder. 
 (c) Any payment by an Obligor in respect of any indebtedness owed by it to the Borrower shall, except as otherwise specified by such Obligor or otherwise required by contract or law and unless otherwise instructed by the Administrative Agent, be applied as a collection of a payment by such Obligor (starting with the oldest such outstanding payment due, provided such obligation is not on non-accrual) to the extent of any amounts then due and payable thereunder before being applied to any other receivable or other obligation of such Obligor. 
 (d) The Servicer agrees to supervise and assist in the investment and reinvestment of the Collateral, and shall perform on behalf of the Borrower the duties that have been expressly delegated to the Servicer in this Agreement and any other Facility Document (and the Servicer shall have no obligation to perform any other duties hereunder or otherwise) and, to the extent necessary or appropriate to perform such duties, the Servicer shall have the power to execute and deliver all necessary and appropriate documents and instruments on behalf of the Borrower with respect thereto. The Servicer shall comply with 
 -115- 

the terms and conditions hereof and any other Facility Document expressly applicable to it, in its capacity as the Servicer, or otherwise affecting the duties and functions that have been delegated to it thereunder and hereunder as the Servicer and shall perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder in good faith and with reasonable care, using a degree of skill and attention no less than the Servicer and its Affiliates exercises with respect to comparable assets that it services for itself and for others having similar investment objectives and restrictions substantially in accordance with its existing practices and procedures relating to assets of the nature and character of the Collateral Loans (such standard of care, the Servicing Standard ). 
 SECTION 1.3. Authorization of the Servicer . (a) Each of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each Lender hereby authorizes the Servicer (including any successor thereto) to take any and all reasonable steps in its name and on its behalf necessary or desirable in the determination of the Servicer and not inconsistent with the grant by the Borrower to the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties hereunder, to collect all amounts due under any and all Collateral, including, endorsing any of their names on checks and other instruments representing Collections, executing and delivering any and all instruments of satisfaction or cancellation, or of partial or full release or discharge, and all other comparable instruments, with respect to the Collateral and, after the delinquency of any Collateral and to the extent permitted under and in compliance with Applicable Law, to commence proceedings with respect to enforcing payment thereof. The Borrower and the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties shall furnish the Servicer (and any successors thereto) with any powers of attorney and other documents reasonably necessary or appropriate to enable the Servicer to carry out its servicing and administrative duties hereunder. In case any reasonable question arises as to its duties hereunder, the Collateral Agent may request instructions from the Administrative Agent and shall be entitled at all times to refrain from taking any actions unless it has received instruction from the Administrative Agent. In no event shall the Servicer be entitled to make any Secured Party a party to any litigation without such party s express prior written consent, or to make the Borrower a party to any litigation (other than any routine foreclosure or similar collection procedure) without the Administrative Agent s consent. 
 (a) The Administrative Agent may, at any time that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, notify any Obligor with respect to any Collateral of the assignment of such Collateral to the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties and direct that payments of all amounts due or to become due be made directly to the Administrative Agent or any servicer, collection agent or account designated by the Administrative Agent and, upon such notification and at the expense of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent may enforce collection of any such Collateral, and adjust, settle or compromise the amount or payment thereof. 
 SECTION 1.4. Collection Efforts, Modification of Collateral . (a) The Servicer will use commercially reasonable efforts to collect, or cause to be collected, all payments called for under the terms and provisions of the Collateral Loans included in the Collateral as and when the same become due, all in accordance with the Servicing Standard. 
 (a) In the performance of its obligations hereunder, the Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf) may enter into any amendment or waiver of or supplement to any Related Document provided that the prior written consent of the Required Lenders shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or an Event of Default or Default would result from such amendment, waiver or supplement. For the avoidance of doubt, any Collateral Loan that, as a result of any amendment or supplement thereto, ceases to qualify as an Eligible Collateral Loan shall not be included in the Borrowing Base. 
 -116- 

SECTION 1.5. Servicer Compensation . As compensation for its activities hereunder and reimbursement for its expenses, the Servicer shall be entitled to be paid the Servicer Fee and reimbursed its expenses as provided in the Priority of Payments. 
 SECTION 1.6. The Servicer Not to Resign . The Servicer shall not resign from the obligations and duties hereby imposed on it except upon the Servicer s determination that (a) the performance of its duties hereunder is or becomes impermissible under Applicable Law and (b) there is no reasonable action that the Servicer could take to make the performance of its duties hereunder permissible under Applicable Law. Any such determination permitting the resignation of the Servicer shall be evidenced as to clause (a) above by an opinion of counsel to such effect delivered to the Administrative Agent and each Lender. No such resignation shall become effective until a Replacement Servicer shall have assumed the responsibilities and obligations of the Servicer in accordance with Section 11.01(c). 
 ARTICLE XVII THE AGENTS 
 SECTION 1.1. Authorization and Action . (a) Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and, to the extent applicable, the other Facility Documents as are delegated to such Agent by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, subject to the terms hereof. No Agent shall have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein or in the other Facility Documents to which it is a party or any fiduciary relationship with any Secured Party and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties or obligations or liabilities on the part of such Agent shall be read into this Agreement or any other Facility Document to which such Agent is a party (if any) as duties on its part to be performed or observed. No Agent shall have or be construed to have any other duties or responsibilities in respect of this Agreement or any other Facility Document and the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. As to any matters not expressly provided for by this Agreement or the other Facility Documents, no Agent shall be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the written instructions of the Majority Lenders (or, with respect to the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent) provided that such Agent shall not be required to take any action which exposes such Agent, in its judgment, to personal liability, cost or expense or which is contrary to this Agreement, the other Facility Documents or Applicable Law, or would be, in its judgment, contrary to its duties hereunder, under any other Facility Document or under Applicable Law. Each Lender agrees that in any instance in which the Facility Documents provide that an Agent s consent may not be unreasonably withheld, provide for the exercise of such Agent s reasonable discretion, or provide to a similar effect, it shall not in its instructions (or by refusing to provide instruction) to such Agent withhold its consent or exercise its discretion in an unreasonable manner. 
 (a) If the Collateral Agent has been requested or directed by the Majority Lenders or the Required Lenders, as applicable, (or by the Administrative Agent acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders or the Required Lenders) to take any action pursuant to any provision of this Agreement or any other Facility Document, the Collateral Agent shall not be under any obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Agreement or such Facility Document in the manner so requested unless it shall have been provided indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities which may be incurred by it in compliance with or in performing such request or direction. No provision of this Agreement or any other Facility Document shall otherwise be construed to require the 
 -117- 

Collateral Agent to expend or risk its own funds or to take any action that could in its judgment cause it to incur any cost, expenses or liability, unless it is provided indemnity acceptable to it against any such expenditure, risk, costs, expense or liability. For the avoidance of doubt, the Collateral Agent shall not have any duty or obligation to take any action to exercise or enforce any power, right or remedy available to it under this Agreement or any other Facility Document or any Related Document unless and until directed by the Majority Lenders or the Required Lenders, as applicable (or the Administrative Agent on their behalf). 
 (b) Neither the Collateral Agent nor any officer, agent or representative thereof shall be personally liable for any action taken by any such Person in accordance with any notice given by the Majority Lenders or the Required Lenders, as applicable, (or by the Administrative Agent acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders or the Required Lenders) pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other Facility Document even if, at the time such action is taken by any such Person, the Majority Lenders or the Required Lenders, as applicable, or Persons purporting to be the Majority Lenders or the Required Lenders, as applicable, are not entitled to give such notice, except where the Responsible Officer of the Collateral Agent has actual knowledge (without any duty of inquiry or investigation on its part) that the Majority Lenders or the Required Lenders, as applicable, or Persons purporting to be the Majority Lenders or the Required Lenders, as applicable, are not entitled to give such notice. If any dispute or disagreement shall arise as to the allocation of any sum of money received by the Collateral Agent hereunder or under any Facility Document, the Collateral Agent shall have the right to deliver such sum to a court of competent jurisdiction and therein commence an action for interpleader. 
 (c) If in performing its duties under this Agreement, the Collateral Agent is required to decide between alternative courses of action, it may request written instructions from the Administrative Agent as to the course of action desired by it. If the Collateral Agent does not receive such instructions within five (5) Business Days after it has requested them, the Collateral Agent may, but shall be under no duty to, take or refrain from taking any such courses of action. The Collateral Agent shall act in accordance with instructions received after such five (5) Business Day period except to the extent it has already, in good faith, taken or committed itself to take, action inconsistent with such instructions. 
 SECTION 1.2. Delegation of Duties . Each Agent may execute any of its duties under this Agreement and each other Facility Document by or through agents or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. No Agent shall be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by it with reasonable care other than any Affiliates of such Agent. 
 SECTION 1.3. Agents Reliance, Etc. (a) Neither Agent nor any of their respective directors, officers, agents or employees shall be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it or them under or in connection with this Agreement or any of the other Facility Documents, except for its or their own gross negligence or willful misconduct. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Agent (i) may consult with legal counsel (including counsel for the Borrower or the Servicer or any of their Affiliates) and independent public accountants and other experts selected by it and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts (ii) makes no warranty or representation to any Secured Party or any other Person and shall not be responsible to any Secured Party or any Person for any statements, warranties or representations (whether written or oral) made in or in connection with this Agreement or the other Facility Documents (iii) shall not have any duty to monitor, ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement, the other Facility Documents or any Related Document on the part of the Borrower, the Servicer or 
 -118- 

any other Person or to inspect the property (including the books and records) of the Borrower or the Servicer (iv) shall not be responsible to any Secured Party or any other Person for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability, perfection, genuineness, sufficiency or value of any Collateral (or the validity, perfection, priority or enforceability of the Liens on the Collateral), this Agreement, the other Facility Documents, any Related Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto or thereto and (v) shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Facility Document by relying on, acting upon (or by refraining from action in reliance on) any notice, consent, certificate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Borrowing Base Calculation Statement), instruction or waiver, report, statement, opinion, direction or other instrument or writing (which may be delivered by telecopier, email, cable or telex, if acceptable to it) reasonably believed by it to be genuine and believed by it to be signed or sent by the proper party or parties. No Agent shall have any liability to the Borrower or any Lender or any other Person for the Borrower s, the Servicer s, any Lender s or any other Person s, as the case may be, performance of, or failure to perform, any of their respective obligations and duties under this Agreement or any other Facility Document. 
 (a) No Agent shall be liable for the actions or omissions of any other Agent (including concerning the application of funds), or under any duty to monitor or investigate compliance on the part of any other Agent with the terms or requirements of this Agreement, any Facility Document or any Related Document, or their duties hereunder or thereunder. Each Agent shall be entitled to assume the due authority of any signatory and genuineness of any signature appearing on any instrument or document it may receive (including each Notice of Borrowing received hereunder) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. No Agent shall be liable for any action taken in good faith and reasonably believed by it to be within the powers conferred upon it, or taken by it pursuant to any direction or instruction by which it is governed, or omitted to be taken by it by reason of the lack of direction or instruction required hereby for such action (including for refusing to exercise discretion or for withholding its consent in the absence of its receipt of, or resulting from a failure, delay or refusal on the part of the Required Lenders to provide, written instruction to exercise such discretion or grant such consent from the Required Lenders, as applicable). No Agent shall be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith unless it shall be proven by a court of competent jurisdiction that such Agent was grossly negligent in ascertaining the relevant facts. Nothing herein or in any Facility Document or Related Document shall obligate any Agent to advance, expend or risk its own funds, or to take any action which in its reasonable judgment may cause it to incur any expense or financial or other liability for which it is not adequately indemnified. No Agent shall be liable for any indirect, special, punitive or consequential damages (including lost profits) whatsoever, even if it has been informed of the likelihood thereof and regardless of the form of action. No Agent shall be charged with knowledge or notice of any matter unless actually known to a Responsible Officer of such Agent, or unless and to the extent written notice of such matter is received by such Agent at its address in accordance with Section 13.02. Any permissive grant of power to an Agent hereunder shall not be construed to be a duty to act. Each Agent shall have only the duties and responsibilities as are specifically set forth in this Agreement and no covenants or obligations shall be implied in this Agreement against any Agent. Before acting hereunder, an Agent shall be entitled to request, receive and rely upon such certificates and opinions as it may reasonably determine appropriate with respect to the satisfaction of any specified circumstances or conditions precedent to such action. Neither Agent shall be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, entitlement order, approval or other paper or document. Neither Agent shall be liable for any error of judgment, or for any act done or step taken or omitted by it, in good faith, or for any mistakes of fact or law, or for anything that it may do or refrain from doing in connection herewith, except in the case of its willful misconduct or grossly negligent performance or omission of its duties. 
 -119- 

(b) No Agent shall be responsible or liable for delays or failures in performance resulting from acts beyond its control. Such acts shall include acts of God, strikes, lockouts, riots, acts of war, epidemics, governmental regulations imposed after the fact, fire, communication line failures, computer viruses, power failures, loss or malfunction of utilities, communications or computers (software and hardware) services, earthquakes or other disasters. 
 (c) The delivery of reports and other documents and information to the Collateral Agent hereunder or under any other Facility Document is for informational purposes only and the Collateral Agent s receipt of such documents and information shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein. The Collateral Agent is hereby authorized and directed to execute and deliver the other Facility Documents to which it is a party. Whether or not expressly stated in such Facility Documents, in performing (or refraining from acting) thereunder, the Collateral Agent shall have all of the rights, benefits, protections and indemnities which are afforded to it in this Agreement. 
 (d) Each Lender acknowledges that, except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, neither Agent has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by either Agent hereafter taken, including any consent and acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs of the Borrower, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by such Agent to any Secured Party as to any matter. Each Lender represents to each Agent that it has, independently and without reliance upon such Agent and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of and investigation into the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Borrower and the Servicer, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Facility Documents to which it is a party. Each Lender also represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon either Agent or any other Secured Party and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the Facility Documents, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Borrower and the Servicer. Neither Agent shall have any duty or responsibility to provide any Secured Party with any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial or other condition or creditworthiness of the Borrower or Servicer which may come into the possession of such Agent. 
 SECTION 1.4. Indemnification . Each of the Lenders agrees to indemnify and hold the Agents harmless (to the extent not reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to Section 13.04 or otherwise) from and against any and all Liabilities which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against the Agents in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any other Facility Document or any Related Document or any action taken or omitted by the Agents under this Agreement or any other Facility Document or any Related Document provided that no Lender shall be liable to any Agent for any portion of such Liabilities resulting from such Agent s gross negligence or willful misconduct and provided , further , that no Lender shall be liable to the Collateral Agent for any portion of such Liabilities unless such Liabilities are imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against the Collateral Agent as a result of any action taken, or not taken, by the Collateral Agent by the express terms of this Agreement or at the direction of the Administrative Agent or such Lender or Lenders, as the case may be, in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement (it being understood and agreed that the Collateral Agent shall be under no obligation to exercise or to honor any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Agreement at the request or direction of the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders (or other Persons authorized or permitted under the 
 -120- 

terms hereof to make such request or give such direction) pursuant to this Agreement or any of the other Facility Document, unless the Administrative Agent or such Lenders shall have provided to the Collateral Agent security or indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses (including reasonable and documented attorney s fees and expenses) and Liabilities which might reasonably be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction, whether such indemnity is provided under this Section 12.04 or otherwise). The rights of the Agents and obligations of the Lenders under or pursuant to this Section 12.04 shall survive the termination of this Agreement, and the earlier removal or resignation of any Agent hereunder. 
 SECTION 1.5. Successor Agents . (a) Subject to the terms of this Section 12.05, each Agent may, upon thirty (30) days notice to the Lenders and the Borrower, resign as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable. If an Agent shall resign, then the Required Lenders shall appoint a successor agent. If for any reason a successor agent is not so appointed and does not accept such appointment within thirty (30) days of notice of resignation, such Agent may appoint a successor agent. The appointment of any successor Agent shall be subject to the prior written consent of the Borrower (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) provided that the consent of the Borrower to any such appointment shall not be required if (i) a Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing or (ii) if such successor agent is a Lender or an Affiliate of such Agent or any Lender. Any resignation of an Agent shall be effective upon the appointment of a successor agent pursuant to this Section 12.05. After the effectiveness of any retiring Agent s resignation hereunder as Agent, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Facility Documents and the provisions of this Article XII shall continue in effect for its benefit with respect to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Agent under this Agreement and under the other Facility Documents. If no successor Collateral Agent shall have been appointed and an instrument of acceptance by a successor Collateral Agent shall not have been delivered to the Collateral Agent within sixty days after giving of notice of resignation by the Collateral Agent, the resigning Collateral Agent may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Collateral Agent. 
 (a) Any Person (i) into which the Collateral Agent may be merged or consolidated, (ii) that may result from any merger or consolidation to which the Collateral Agent shall be a party, or (iii) that may succeed to the corporate trust properties and assets of the Collateral Agent substantially as a whole, shall be the successor to the Collateral Agent under this Agreement without further act of any of the parties to this Agreement. 
 SECTION 1.6. The Collateral Agent . (a) The Collateral Agent shall have no liability for losses arising from (i) any cause beyond its control, (ii) any delay, error, omission or default of any mail, telegraph, cable or wireless agency or operator, or (iii) the acts or edicts of any government or governmental agency or other group or entity exercising governmental powers. 
 (a) It is expressly acknowledged and agreed that the Collateral Agent is not guaranteeing the performance of or assuming any liability for the obligations of the other parties hereto or any portion of the Collateral. 
 (b) The Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for the preparation or filing of any UCC financing statements or continuation statements or the correctness of any financing statements filed in connection with this Agreement or the validity or perfection of any lien or security interest created pursuant to this Agreement. 
 (c) The Collateral Agent shall not be liable for interest on any money received by it except as the Collateral Agent may agree in writing with the Borrower. In no event shall the Collateral Agent be liable for the selection of any investments or any losses in 
 -121- 

connection therewith (except in its capacity as obligor thereunder, if applicable), or for any failure of the relevant party to provide investment instruction to the Collateral Agent in connection with the investment of funds in or from any account set forth herein. 
 (d) The Collateral Agent shall have no liability for any failure, inability or unwillingness on the part of the Servicer, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to provide accurate and complete information on a timely basis to the Collateral Agent, or otherwise on the part of any such party to comply with the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability for any inaccuracy or error in the performance or observance on the Collateral Agent s part of any of its duties hereunder that is caused by or results from any such inaccurate, incomplete or untimely information received by it, or other failure on the part of any such other party to comply with the terms hereof. 
 (e) The Collateral Agent shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any certificate, report or other document provided , however , that, if the form thereof is prescribed by this Agreement, the Collateral Agent shall examine the same to determine whether it conforms on its face to the requirements hereof. The Collateral Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of any matter unless actually known to a Responsible Officer. It is expressly acknowledged by the Borrower, the Servicer, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent that performance by the Collateral Agent of its various duties hereunder (including recalculations to be performed in respect of the matters contemplated hereby) shall be based upon, and in reliance upon, data, information and notices provided to it by the Servicer (and or the Borrower) and or any related bank agent, obligor or similar party with respect to the Collateral, and the Collateral Agent shall have no responsibility for the accuracy of any such information or data provided to it by such persons and shall be entitled to update its records (as it may deem necessary or appropriate). Nothing herein shall impose or imply any duty or obligation on the part of the Collateral Agent to verify, investigate or audit any such information or data, or to determine or monitor on an independent basis whether any issuer of the Collateral is in default or in compliance with the underlying documents governing or securing such item of Collateral, from time to time. 
 (f) The Collateral Agent shall have no duty to determine or inquire into the happening or occurrence of any event or contingency, and it is agreed that its duties hereunder are purely ministerial in nature. 
 (g) Should any controversy arise between the undersigned with respect to the Collateral held by the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Agent shall follow the instructions of the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties. 
 (h) The powers conferred on the Collateral Agent hereunder are solely to protect its interest (on behalf of the Secured Parties) in the Collateral and shall not impose any duty on it to exercise any such powers. Except for performing the obligations expressly imposed on the Collateral Agent hereunder, the Collateral Agent shall have no duty as to any Collateral or responsibility for ascertaining or taking action with respect to calls, conversions, exchanges, maturities, tenders or other matters relative to any Collateral, whether or not the Collateral Agent has or is deemed to have knowledge of such matters or taking any steps to preserve rights against prior parties or other rights pertaining to any Collateral. 
 (i) In order to comply with the laws, rules, regulations and executive orders in effect from time to time applicable to banking institutions, including those relating to the funding of terrorist activities and money laundering, the Collateral Agent may be required to obtain, verify and record certain information relating to individuals and entities which maintain a business relationship with the Collateral Agent. Accordingly, each of the parties hereto agrees to provide to the Collateral Agent upon its request from time to time such 
 -122- 

identifying information and documentation as may be available to such party in order to enable the Collateral Agent to comply with such requirements. 
 (j) If Wells Fargo or the Collateral Agent is also acting in another capacity, including as Custodian or Securities Intermediary, the rights, protections, immunities and indemnities afforded to Wells Fargo or the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Article XII shall also be afforded to Wells Fargo or the Collateral Agent acting in such capacities provided that such rights, protections, benefits, immunities and indemnities shall be in addition to, and not in limitation of, any rights, protections, benefits, immunities and indemnities provided in the Custodian Agreement, Account Control Agreement or any other Facility Documents to which Wells Fargo or the Collateral Agent in such capacity is a party. 
 (k) The Collateral Agent shall not have any obligation to determine if a Collateral Loan meets the criteria specified in the definition of Eligible Collateral Loan. 
 ARTICLE XVIII MISCELLANEOUS 
 SECTION 1.1. No Waiver Modifications in Writing . (a) No failure or delay on the part of any Secured Party exercising any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or remedy preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. Any waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Facility Document, and any consent to any departure by any party to this Agreement or any other Facility Document from the terms of any provision of this Agreement or such other Facility Document, shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given. No notice to or demand on the Borrower or the Servicer in any case shall entitle the Borrower or the Servicer to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances. 
 (a) No amendment, modification, supplement or waiver of this Agreement shall be effective unless signed by the Borrower, the Servicer, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders provided that 
 (i) any Fundamental Amendment shall require the written consent of all Lenders affected thereby and 
 (ii) no such amendment, modification, supplement or waiver shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of any Agent hereunder without the prior written consent of such Agent. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in connection with the increase of the Commitments hereunder, only the consent of the Lender increasing its Commitment (or providing a new Commitment) shall be required for any amendment that effects such increase in Commitments. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (x) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender and (y) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that 
 -123- 

by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender more adversely than other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. 
 SECTION 1.2. Notices, Etc. Except where telephonic instructions are authorized herein to be given, all notices, demands, instructions and other communications required or permitted to be given to or made upon any party hereto shall be in writing and shall be personally delivered or sent by registered, certified or express mail, postage prepaid, or by facsimile transmission, or by prepaid courier service, or by electronic mail (if the recipient has provided an email address in Schedule 5), and shall be deemed to be given for purposes of this Agreement on the day that such writing is received by the intended recipient thereof in accordance with the provisions of this Section 13.02. Unless otherwise specified in a notice sent or delivered in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Section 13.02, notices, demands, instructions and other communications in writing shall be given to or made upon the respective parties hereto at their respective addresses (or to their respective facsimile numbers or email addresses) indicated in Schedule 5, and, in the case of telephonic instructions or notices, by calling the telephone number or numbers indicated for such party in Schedule 5. 
 Wells Fargo agrees to accept and act upon instructions or directions pursuant to this Agreement, any other Facility Document, or any Related Document or any document executed in connection herewith or therewith sent by unsecured email, facsimile transmission or other similar unsecured electronic methods provided , however , that any person providing such instructions or directions shall provide to Wells Fargo an incumbency certificate listing persons designated to provide such instructions or directions as such incumbency certificate may be supplemented from time to time. If any person elects to give Wells Fargo email or facsimile instructions (or instructions by a similar electronic method) and Wells Fargo in its discretion elects to act upon such instructions, Wells Fargo s reasonable understanding of such instructions shall be deemed controlling. Wells Fargo shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from Wells Fargo s reliance upon and compliance with such instructions notwithstanding such instructions conflicting with or being inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. Any person providing such instructions or directions acknowledges and agrees that there may be more secure methods of transmitting such instructions than the method(s) selected by it and agrees that the security procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with its transmission of such instructions provide to it a commercially reasonable degree of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances. 
 SECTION 1.3. Taxes . (a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Facility Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any and all Taxes with respect thereto, unless required by Applicable Law. If any Applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, then the Borrower or the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as may be necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 13.03) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
 (a) The Borrower agrees to timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 
 -124- 

(b) The Borrower agrees to indemnify each Recipient, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including any Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted by any jurisdiction on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 13.03) payable or paid by any Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and (ii) any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, in each case whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Recipient (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of another Recipient, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (c) Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 13.06(c)(ii) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Facility Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Facility Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this Section 13.03(d). 
 (d) As soon as practicable after the date of any payment of Taxes by the Borrower to Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 13.03, the Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by the relevant Governmental Authority evidencing payment thereof, a copy of the return reporting such payment, or other evidence of payment as may be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (e) If any Recipient in its sole discretion, but acting in good faith, determines that it has received a refund of any Taxes with respect to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 13.03 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to Section 13.03(a)), such Recipient shall reimburse the Borrower (or the Servicer, as applicable) such amount of any refund received (net of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred), but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), as such Secured Party shall determine in its sole discretion, but acting in good faith, to be attributable to the relevant Indemnified Taxes provided that in the event that such Secured Party is required to repay such refund to the relevant taxing authority, the Borrower agrees to return the refund to such Secured Party. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 13.03(f), in no event will any Secured Party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this Section 13.03(f) the payment of which would place such Secured Party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Secured Party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. Unless required by Applicable Law, at no time shall any Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid 
 -125- 

for the account of such Lender, as the case may be. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 (f) (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Facility Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by Applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Sections 13.03(g)(ii), (iii) and (v) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 (i) Without limiting the generality of Section 13.03(g)(i), each Lender that is a U.S. Person shall, on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or any Agent), deliver to the Borrower and each Agent, two accurate, complete and signed copies of U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax. 
 (ii) Any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and each Agent, on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or any Agent), two accurate, complete and signed copies of whichever of the following is applicable 
 (A) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Facility Document, executed copies of U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Facility Document, U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty 
 (B) executed copies of U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI 
 (C) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax 
 -126- 

Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies of U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) or 
 (D) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate, IRS Form W-9, and or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner. 
 (iii) Each Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Agents (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or any Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by Applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by Applicable Law to permit the Borrower or the Agents to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made. 
 (iv) If a payment made to a Recipient under any Facility Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Recipient shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by Applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Recipient has complied with such Recipient s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this Section 13.03(v), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (g) If any Lender requires the Borrower to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amount to such Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of such Lender pursuant to this Section 13.03, then such Lender shall (at the request of the Borrower) use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Advances hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if such Lender determines, in its sole discretion that such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to this Section 13.03 in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 -127- 

(h) Each party s obligations under this Section 13.03 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Facility Document. 
 SECTION 1.4. Costs and Expenses Indemnification . (a) The Borrower agrees to promptly pay on demand all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Agents and the Lenders in connection with the preparation, review, negotiation, reproduction, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Facility Documents, including the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of one outside counsel for the Administrative Agent and one outside counsel for the Collateral Agent, costs and expenses of creating, perfecting, releasing or enforcing the Collateral Agent s security interests in the Collateral, including filing and recording fees, expenses, search fees, UCC filing fees and the equivalent thereof in any foreign jurisdiction, if applicable, and all other related fees and expenses in connection therewith and in connection with the administration and any waiver, consent, modification or amendment or similar agreement in respect of this Agreement, the Notes or any other Facility Document and advising the Agents and Lenders as to their respective rights, remedies and responsibilities. The Borrower agrees to promptly pay on demand all reasonable and documented costs and expenses of each of the Secured Parties in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement, the Notes or any other Facility Document, including all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Collateral Agent in connection with the preservation, collection, foreclosure or enforcement of the Collateral subject to the Facility Documents or any interest, right, power or remedy of the Collateral Agent and the Replacement Servicer (including in its capacity as Replacement Servicer) or in connection with the collection or enforcement of any of the Obligations or the proof, protection, administration or resolution of any claim based upon the Obligations in any insolvency proceeding, including all reasonable fees and disbursements of outside attorneys, accountants, auditors, consultants, appraisers and other professionals engaged by the Collateral Agent provided that, in each case, there shall be one primary outside attorney and one local counsel representing such Secured Parties (other than the Collateral Agent, who shall have one primary outside attorney and one local counsel) unless any conflict of interest arises. Without prejudice to its rights hereunder, the expenses and the compensation for the services of the Secured Parties are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any applicable bankruptcy law. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 13.04(a) shall not apply to Taxes, other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim, which shall be covered by Section 13.03. 
 (a) The Borrower agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Secured Party and each of their Affiliates and the respective officers, directors, employees, agents, managers of, and any Person controlling any of, the foregoing (each, an Indemnified Party from and against any and all Liabilities that may be incurred by or asserted or awarded against any Indemnified Party, in each case arising out of or in connection with or by reason of the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance, administration of or otherwise arising out of or incurred in connection with this Agreement, any other Facility Document, any Related Document or any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby (and regardless of whether or not any such transactions are consummated) except that the Borrower shall not be liable to the extent any such Liability is found in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Indemnified Party s gross negligence or willful misconduct provided that any payment hereunder which relates to taxes, levies, imposes, deductions, charges and withholdings, and all liabilities (including penalties, interest and expenses) with respect thereto, or additional sums described in Sections 2.10, 2.11 or 13.03, shall not be covered by this Section 13.04(b). 
 (b) Subject to the Lender Fee Letter, the Servicer agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnified Party from and against any and all Liabilities that may be 
 -128- 

incurred by or asserted or awarded against any Indemnified Party, in each case arising out of or in connection with or by reason of any one or more of the following (i) any breach by the Servicer of any covenant or any of its obligations under any Facility Document, (ii) the failure of any of the representations or warranties of the Servicer set forth in any Facility Document or in any certificate, statement or report delivered in connection therewith to be true when made or when deemed made or repeated and (iii) by reason of any gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct (as determined by the final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction) on the part of the Servicer in its capacity as Servicer except the Servicer shall not be liable to the extent any such Liability (x) results from the performance or non-performance of the Collateral Loans or (y) is found in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Indemnified Party s gross negligence or willful misconduct provided that any payment hereunder which relates to taxes, levies, imposes, deductions, charges and withholdings, and all liabilities (including penalties, interest and expenses) with respect thereto, or additional sums described in Sections 2.10, 2.11 or 13.03, shall not be covered by this Section 13.04(c). The Servicer shall not have any liability hereunder to any Indemnified Party to the extent an Indemnified Party affects any settlement of a matter that is (or could be) subject to indemnification hereunder without the prior written consent of the Servicer (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). In no event shall the Servicer be liable for any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. 
 (c) The Equityholder agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnified Party from and against any and all Liabilities that may be incurred by or asserted or awarded against any Indemnified Party, in each case arising out of or in connection with or by reason of any breach of the Equityholder of any covenant or any of its obligations set forth in Section 13.22. 
 SECTION 1.5. Execution in Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which counterparts, when so executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original and all of which counterparts, taken together, shall constitute but one and the same Agreement. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. 
 SECTION 1.6. Assignability . (a) Each Lender may, with the consent of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, assign to an assignee all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its outstanding Advances or interests therein owned by it, together with ratable portions of its Commitment) provided that 
 (i) each of the Borrower s and the Administrative Agent s consent to any such assignment (A) shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed and (B) shall not be required if the assignee is a Permitted Assignee with respect to such assignor and 
 (ii) the Borrower s consent to any such assignment pursuant to this Section 13.06(a) shall not be required if (x) a Default or an Event of Default shall have occurred (and not been waived by the Lenders in accordance with Section 13.01) or (y) such assignment is required by any Change in Law. 
 The parties to each such assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Collateral Agent) an Assignment and Acceptance and the applicable tax forms required by Section 13.03(g). Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 13.06, no assignment by any Lender to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates shall be permitted. 
 -129- 

(a) The Borrower may not assign its rights or obligations hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of the Agents and the Lenders. 
 (b) (i) Any Lender may, without the consent of, but with notice to, the Borrower, sell participations to Participants in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement provided that (A) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, (C) such Borrower, the Agents and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, and (D) each Participant shall have agreed to be bound by this Section 13.06(c), Section 13.06(d), Section 13.06(e) and Section 13.17. Any agreement pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement provided that such agreement may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any Fundamental Amendment. Sections 2.10, 2.11, and 13.03 shall apply to each Participant as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to clause (a) of this Section 13.06 (subject to the requirements and limitations set forth in Section 13.03, including the requirements under Section 13.03(g)) provided that (A) such Participant agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 13.03(g) as if it were an assignee under clause (a) of this Section 13.06 and (B) no Participant shall be entitled to any amount under Section 2.10, 2.11, or 13.03 which is greater than the amount the related Lender would have been entitled to under any such Sections or provisions if the applicable participation had not occurred, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater amount results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. 
 (i) In the event that any Lender sells participations in any portion of its rights and obligations hereunder, such Lender as nonfiduciary agent for the Borrower shall maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of all participants in the Advances held by it and the principal amount (and stated interest thereon) of the portion of the Advance which is the subject of the participation (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans or its other obligations under any Facility Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in a Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in such Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent, on behalf of and acting solely for this purpose as the nonfiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at its address specified in Section 13.02 or such other address as the Administrative Agent shall designate in writing to the Lenders, a copy of this Agreement and each signature page hereto and each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to and accepted by it and a register (the Register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders and the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the outstanding Advances maintained by each Lender under this Agreement (and any stated interest thereon). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Agents and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as a Lender hereunder 
 -130- 

for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower or any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. An Advance (and a Note, if any, evidencing the same) may be assigned or sold in whole or in part only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register (and each Note, if any, shall expressly so provide) and compliance with this Section 13.06. The Administrative Agent shall update and furnish to the Collateral Agent and the Borrower from time to time at the request of the Collateral Agent or the Borrower an updated version of Schedule 1 reflecting the then-current allocation of the Commitments. 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein or in any other Facility Document, each Lender hereunder, and each Participant, must at all times be a qualified purchaser as defined in the Investment Company Act (a Qualified Purchaser and a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act (a QIB ). Each Lender represents to the Borrower, (i) on the date that it becomes a party to this Agreement (whether by being a signatory hereto or by entering into an Assignment and Acceptance) and (ii) on each date on which it makes an Advance hereunder, that it is a Qualified Purchaser and a QIB. Each Lender further agrees that it shall not assign, or grant any participations in, any of its Advances or its Commitment to any Person unless such Person is a Qualified Purchaser and a QIB. 
 (e) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 13.06, any Lender may at any time pledge or grant a security interest in all or any portion of its rights (including rights to payment of principal and interest) under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or security interest granted to a Federal Reserve Bank, without notice to or consent of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent provided that no such pledge or grant of a security interest shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or grantee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 SECTION 1.7. Governing Law . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER FACILITY DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER FACILITY DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 SECTION 1.8. Severability of Provisions . Any provision of this Agreement or any other Facility Document which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 SECTION 1.9. Confidentiality . The parties hereto agree to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed by any party (a) to its Affiliates, directors, officers, members, principals and employees, and to its agents, counsel and other advisors that have a need for such information relative to this facility (collectively, the Related Parties (it being understood that, in each case, the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential and the disclosing party shall be responsible for any breach by its Related Parties under this Section 13.09) (b) to the extent required or requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its 
 -131- 

Related Parties (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made shall be informed of the confidential nature of such Information (c) to the extent required by Applicable Law or by any subpoena or similar legal process provided that with respect to disclosures of Information pursuant to a subpoena or similar legal process, (A) prior to any disclosure under this clause (c) the disclosing party agrees to provide the Borrower with prior written notice thereof, to the extent that it is practicable to do so and to the extent that the disclosing party is permitted to provide such prior written notice to the Borrower pursuant to the terms of the subpoena or other legal process and (B) any disclosure under this clause (c) shall be limited to the portion of the Information as may be required by such Governmental Authority pursuant to such subpoena or other legal process (d) to any other party hereto (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Facility Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Facility Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder (f) solely with respect to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, to (i) any assignee of or participant in, or any prospective assignee of or participant in, any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement provided that such assignee or participant (or prospective assignee or participant) has agreed to maintain confidentiality pursuant to this Section 13.09 or another non-disclosure agreement substantially similar hereto, or (ii) any actual or prospective party (or its Related Parties) to any swap, derivative or other transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to the Borrower and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder that has agreed to maintain confidentiality pursuant to this Section 13.09 or (iii) any rating agency or (g) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section by such party, or (y) becomes available to such party or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than a party to this Agreement. For purposes of this Section 13.09, Information means all information received from a party to this Agreement, the terms and substance of this Agreement and each other Facility Document and any term sheet. 
 SECTION 1.10. Merger . This Agreement and the other Facility Documents executed by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders taken as a whole incorporate the entire agreement between the parties hereto and thereto concerning the subject matter hereof and thereof and this Agreement and such other Facility Documents supersede any prior agreements among the parties relating to the subject matter thereof. 
 SECTION 1.11. Survival . All representations and warranties made hereunder, in the other Facility Documents and in any certificate delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of the Advances hereunder. The agreements in Sections 2.10, 2.11, 2.13, 12.04, 13.03, 13.04, 13.09, 13.15 and 13.17 and this Section 13.11 shall survive the termination of this Agreement in whole or in part, the payment in full of the principal of and interest on the Advances, any foreclosure under, or modification, release or discharge of, any or all of the Related Documents and the resignation or replacement of any Agent. 
 SECTION 1.12. Submission to Jurisdiction Waivers Etc. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally 
 (a) submits for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the other Facility Documents to which it is a party, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof, to the non-exclusive general jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York in the Borough of Manhattan, the courts of the United States of America for the Southern District of New York, and the appellate courts of any of them 
 -132- 

(b) consents that any such action or proceeding may be brought in any court described in Section 13.12(a) and waives to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same 
 (c) solely in the case of each party hereto (other than the Borrower, Servicer and Equityholder) agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to such party at its address set forth in Section 13.02 or at such other address as may be permitted thereunder 
 (d) EACH OF THE BORROWER, SERVICER AND EQUITYHOLDER IRREVOCABLY APPOINTS INTERTRUST CORPORATE SERVICES DELAWARE LTD. (THE PROCESS AGENT WITH AN OFFICE ON THE DATE HEREOF AT 200 BELLEVUE PARKWAY, SUITE 210, WILMINGTON, NEW CASTLE COUNTY, DELAWARE 29809, AS ITS AGENT TO RECEIVE ON ITS BEHALF AND PROPERTY SERVICE OF COPIES OF ANY SUMMONS AND COMPLAINT AND ANY OTHER PROCESS WHICH MAY BE SERVED IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING. SUCH SERVICE MAY BE MADE BY MAILING OR DELIVERING A COPY OF SUCH PROCESS TO THE ACCOUNT PARTY IN CARE OF THE PROCESS AGENT AT THE PROCESS AGENT S ABOVE ADDRESS, AND THE ACCOUNT PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AUTHORIZES AND DIRECTS THE PROCESS AGENT TO ACCEPT SUCH SERVICE ON ITS BEHALF. AS AN ALTERNATIVE METHOD OF SERVICE, EACH OF THE BORROWER, SERVICER AND EQUITYHOLDER ALSO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE SERVICE OF ANY AND ALL PROCESS IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY THE MAILING OF COPIES OF SUCH PROCESS TO IT AT ITS ADDRESS SET FORTH IN SECTION 13.02 IN THE MANNER DESCRIBED ABOVE. EACH OF THE BORROWER, SERVICER AND EQUITYHOLDER AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS SECTION SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHTS OF ANY OTHER PARTY HERETO RIGHTS TO SERVE LEGAL PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR AFFECT SUCH PARTY S RIGHT TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING AGAINST THE ACCOUNT PARTY OR ITS PROPERTY IN THE COURTS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION and 
 (e) waives, to the maximum extent not prohibited by law, any right it may have to claim or recover in any legal action or proceeding against any Secured Party arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Facility Document any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages. 
 SECTION 1.13. Waiver of Jury Trial . EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER FACILITY DOCUMENT OR FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM HEREIN OR THEREIN OR RELATING HERETO OR THERETO. 
 SECTION 1.14. Right of Setoff Payments Pro Rata . (a) Subject to Section 9.01(a), if an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other 
 -133- 

obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any and all of the obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Facility Document to such Lender or their respective Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender or Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Facility Document and although such obligations of the Borrower may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch, office or Affiliate of such Lender different from the branch, office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness provided, that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.17 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application, provided, that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 
 (a) Each of the Lenders agrees that, if it should receive any amount under this Agreement (whether by voluntary payments, by realization upon security, by the exercise of the right of setoff or banker s lien, by counterclaim or cross action, by the enforcement of any right under the Facility Documents, or otherwise) which is applicable to the payment of the principal of, or interest on, the Advances or fees, of a sum which with respect to the related sum or sums received by other Lenders is in a greater proportion than the total of such Obligation then owed and due to such Lender bears to the total of such Obligation then owed and due to all of the Lenders immediately prior to such receipt, then such Lender receiving such excess payment shall purchase for cash without recourse or warranty from the other Lenders an interest in the Obligations to such other Lenders in such amount as shall result in a proportional participation by all of the Lenders in such disproportionate sum received provided that if all or any portion of such excess amount is thereafter recovered from such Lender, such purchase shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, but without interest. 
 SECTION 1.15. PATRIOT Act Notice . Each Agent and Lender hereby notifies the Borrower that, pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law on October 26, 2001)) (the PATRIOT Act ), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Agent or Lender to identify the Borrower in accordance with the PATRIOT Act. The Borrower shall provide, to the extent commercially reasonable, such information and take such actions as are reasonably requested by any Lender or Agent in order to assist such Lender or Agent, as applicable, in maintaining compliance with the PATRIOT Act. 
 SECTION 1.16. Legal Holidays . In the event that the date of prepayment of Advances or the Final Maturity Date shall not be a Business Day, then notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any other Facility Document, payment need not be made on such date, but may be made on the next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if made on the nominal date of any such date of prepayment or Final Maturity Date, as the case may be, and interest shall accrue on such payment for the period from and after any such nominal date to but excluding such next succeeding Business Day. 
 -134- 

SECTION 1.17. Limited Recourse Non-Petition . (a) Each of the Servicer and each Secured Party acknowledges that the Borrower is a special purpose entity and that none of the directors, officers, incorporators, shareholders, partners, agents or employees (collectively, the Relevant Agents of the Borrower (including, without limitation, any Equityholder and any Affiliate thereof) shall be personally liable for any of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement. The Borrower s sole source of funds for payment of all amounts due hereunder shall be the Collateral, and, upon application of the proceeds of the Collateral and its reduction to zero in accordance with the terms and under the circumstances described herein, all obligations of and all claims against the Borrower under this Agreement, any Note or under any other Facility Document shall extinguish and shall not thereafter revive. No recourse shall be had for the payment of any amount owing in respect of the Advances against the Equityholder, the Servicer or any Affiliate, shareholder, manager, officer, director, employee or member of the Borrower, the Equityholder or the Servicer or their respective successors or assigns or, except as specifically set forth in this this Agreement (including, but not limited to Section 13.04(c)) and in the other Facility Documents, for any other amounts payable in respect of the Obligations or the Facility Documents. 
 (a) Each of the Servicer and each Secured Party hereby agrees not to institute against, or join, cooperate with or encourage any other Person in instituting against, the Borrower any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation proceeding or other proceeding under federal or state bankruptcy or similar laws until at least one year and one day, or, if longer, the applicable preference period then in effect plus one day, after the payment in full of all outstanding Obligations and the termination of all Commitments provided that nothing in this Section 13.17 shall preclude, or be deemed to prevent, any Secured Party (a) from taking any action prior to the expiration of the aforementioned one year and one day period, or, if longer, the applicable preference period then in effect, in (i) any case or proceeding voluntarily filed or commenced by the Borrower or (ii) any involuntary insolvency proceeding filed or commenced against the Borrower by a Person other than any such Secured Party, or (b) from commencing against the Borrower or any properties of the Borrower any legal action which is not a bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation proceeding or other proceeding under federal or state bankruptcy or similar laws. The provisions of this paragraph shall survive the termination of this Agreement. The provisions of this Section 13.17 are a material inducement for the Secured Parties to enter into this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and are an essential term hereof. The parties hereby agree that monetary damages are not adequate for a breach of the provisions of this Section 13.17 and the Administrative Agent may seek and obtain specific performance of such provisions (including injunctive relief), including, without limitation, in any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, winding up, insolvency, moratorium, winding up or liquidation proceedings, or other proceedings under United States federal or state bankruptcy laws, or any similar laws. 
 SECTION 1.18. Waiver of Setoff . Each of the Borrower and the Servicer hereby waives any right of setoff it may have or to which it may be entitled under this Agreement or under any Applicable Law from time to time against the Administrative Agent, any Lender or its respective assets. 
 SECTION 1.19. Collateral Agent Execution and Delivery . By executing this Agreement, each Lender hereby consents to the terms of this Agreement, directs the Collateral Agent to execute and deliver this Agreement, and acknowledges and agrees that the Collateral 
 -135- 

Agent shall be fully protected in relying upon the foregoing consent and direction and hereby releases the Collateral Agent and its respective officers, directors, agents, employees and shareholders, as applicable, from any liability for complying with such direction, except as a result of gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Collateral Agent. 
 SECTION 1.20. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Facility Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges and accepts that any liability of any EEA Financial Institution arising under or in connection with any Facility Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to Bail-in Action by the relevant EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA Financial Institution and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part, in the principal amount, or outstanding amount due (including any accrued but unpaid interest), or cancellation of any such liability 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Facility Document or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of any Finance Document to the extent necessary to give effect to any Bail-in Action in relation to such liability. 
 SECTION 1.21. WAIVER OF SOVEREIGN IMMUNITY . To the extent that any of the Borrower, Servicer or Equityholder may be entitled, in any jurisdiction in which judicial proceedings may at any time be commenced with respect to this Agreement or any other Facility Document, to claim for itself or its revenues, assets or properties any immunity from suit, the jurisdiction of any court, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution of a judgment, set-off, execution of a judgment or any other legal process, and to the extent that in any such jurisdiction there may be attributed such immunity (whether or not claimed), each of the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder irrevocably agrees not to claim and hereby irrevocably waives such immunity to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of such jurisdiction and hereby agrees that the foregoing waiver shall be enforced to the fullest extent permitted under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act of 1976 of the United States of America, as amended, and is intended to be irrevocable for the purpose of such act. 
 SECTION 1.22. Risk Retention . The Equityholder hereby covenants, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Collateral Agent and, in respect of paragraphs (d) and (e) below only, the Servicer that, for so long as any Advance remains outstanding 
 (a) it will retain, as originator, on an ongoing basis, a material net economic interest in the form specified in paragraph (d) of Article 6(3) of the Securitisation Regulation, being retention of the first loss tranche and, if 
 -136- 

necessary, other tranches having the same or a more severe risk profile than those transferred or sold to investors and not maturing any earlier than those transferred or sold to investors, through maintaining funding to the Borrower under the LLC Agreement, in an amount equal to not less than 5 of the Retention Basis Amount (such net economic interest being the Retention 
 (b) neither it nor any of its Affiliates will sell, hedge or otherwise mitigate its credit risk under or associated with the Retention where to do so would cause the transaction contemplated by the Facility Documents to cease to be compliant with the EU Retention Requirements 
 (c) it will take such further action, provide such information as is in its possession (provided that the provision of such information would not contravene any applicable contract, law or regulation or duties of confidentiality binding on the Equityholder) and enter into such other agreements, in each case, as may reasonably be required by the Borrower, a Lender or the Administrative Agent to satisfy the EU Retention Requirements 
 (d) it will confirm to each of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Servicer, each Lender and the Collateral Agent, its continued compliance with the covenants set out at paragraphs (a) and (b) above in each Monthly Report 
 (e) it will promptly notify the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Servicer, each Lender and the Collateral Agent in writing if for any reason it fails to comply with either of the covenants set out in paragraphs (a) or (b) above in any way and 
 (f) it will notify each of its Affiliates of the contents of paragraph (b) above and shall use reasonable endeavours to procure that each of its Affiliates complies with the terms of paragraph (b) as if it were a party thereto. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, neither the Equityholder nor the Borrower makes any representation as to compliance of the transaction or any of the parties hereto with respect to Securitisation Regulation. Any Person accepting the benefits of this Section 13.22 and or Section 13.23 below (including any related definitions or provisions), shall be deemed to have agreed to the terms set forth in this paragraph and each Lender hereby represents that is not relying on any of the Borrower, the Servicer or the Equityholder or any of their respective Affiliates, for any financial, tax, legal, accounting, or regulatory advise in connection with the matters set forth in this Section 13.22 and or Section 13.23 below. 
 SECTION 1.23. EU Due Diligence Requirements. 
 (a) The Retention holder agrees to make available (or will cause the Servicer or the Borrower to make available), promptly upon written request by the Administrative Agent on behalf of any Lender from time to time, the documents, reports and information necessary to enable compliance by any Lender with Article 5 of the Securitisation Regulation provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower shall be obligated to do so only if such documents, reports or information is (1) not subject to a duty of confidentiality and (2)(a) in the Borrower s or the Retention holder s possession, or (b) not in the Borrower s or the Retention holder s possession but the Retention holder or Borrower can obtain such documents, reports or information using commercially reasonably efforts without material expense (provided further that, if obtaining such 
 -137- 

documents, reports or information would involve material expense but the requesting Lender agrees to pay it, then the Borrower shall obtain the same). 
 SECTION 1.24. Compliance with the Securitisation Regulation . Each of the parties hereto acknowledges that none of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Custodian, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Agent shall be responsible for and shall have no obligation to assist any other party hereto in connection with compliance with any requirement of the Securitisation Regulation applicable to them. 
 SECTION 1.25. Adequacy of Monetary Damages Against the Lenders . Each of the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder hereby acknowledges and agrees that (i) any and all claims, damages and demands against the Administrative Agent or the Lenders arising out of, or in connection with, the exercise by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders of any Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders rights or remedies pursuant to this Agreement can be sufficiently and adequately remedied by monetary damages, (ii) no irreparable injury will be caused to the Borrower, the Servicer or the Equityholder as a result of, or in connection with, any such claims, damages or demands, and (iii) no equitable or injunctive relief shall be sought by the Borrower, the Servicer or the Equityholder as a result of, or in connection with, any such claims, damages or demands provided that this Section 13.25 shall not constitute a waiver of any rights of the Borrower, the Servicer or the Equityholder to seek injunctive relief to enforce its rights under Section 13.09. 
 -138- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 
 BGSL BRECKENRIDGE FUNDING LLC, as Borrower 
 By Name Title 
 BLACKSTONE GSO SECURED LENDING FUND, as Equityholder 
 By Name Title 
 BLACKSTONE GSO SECURED LENDING FUND, as Servicer 
 By Name Title 
 BNP PARIBAS, as Administrative Agent and a Lender 
 By Name Title 
 By Name Title 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Agent 
 By Name Title 

</EX-10.107>

<EX-14>
 5
 bxsl-20221231xex14.htm
 EX-14

Document 
 EX 14 

 CODE OF ETHICS 
 Blackstone Secured Lending Fund and Blackstone Private Credit Fund (the Funds 
 (Employees of BXC or Blackstone and Independent Fund Trustees) 
 I. General Provisions 
 
 A. Individuals Covered 
 
 It is the policy of the Funds that all Access Persons, including Independent Fund Trustees, shall be subject to a written code of ethics meeting the requirements of Rule 17j-1 under the Investment Company Act. All employees of BXC or Blackstone are subject to the provisions of other codes of ethics that have been adopted by the Funds Advisers and approved by the Funds Boards in accordance with the requirements of Rule 17j-1 under the Investment Company Act. For the avoidance of doubt, employees of BXC and Blackstone remain subject to all BXC and Blackstone compliance manuals, codes of ethics and policies and procedures. Independent Fund Trustees are further subject to the provisions attached to this Code of Ethics as Attachment 1, which Attachment 1 constitutes a part of this Code of Ethics. 
 B. Securities Transactions Restrictions 
 
 1. Pre-clearance Requirements for Employees and Access Persons (other than Independent Fund Trustees) 
 
 All purchases and sales of Securities (including sales in repurchase offers) issued by the Funds by employees of BXC or Blackstone, including Access Persons (other than Independent Fund Trustees), must be cleared through BXC s private investment request system by submitting a request through the Private Investment Request tab of the Blackstone intranet and providing the amount of Securities of the Fund to be purchased or sold. Pre-clearance may be denied following the consideration of a number of factors, including, for example, whether the trade creates the appearance of trading with the possession of material nonpublic information. Pre-clearance will be evidenced by an email from the CCO or her designee. Following receipt of the pre-clearance email, such employees or Access Persons are to make the investment via Blackstone Securities Partners L.P. by completing the appropriate subscription documents. Trades in BXSL are subject to blackout periods before and after quarterly board meetings. Trading will not be permitted during the 14 business days leading up to quarterly board meetings and 3 business days following the filing of BXSL s Form 10Q. Trades will also be prohibited during any other time periods during which BXC holds MNPI including periods before and after ad hoc and other-than-quarterly board meetings until such MNPI is cleansed (e.g., through an 8-K filing). Blackout periods are listed on the Blackstone intranet. These blackout periods apply irrespective of any MNPI analysis. Employees subject to lock-up agreements pursuant to the underwriting agreement executed in connection with the BXSL initial public offering are subject to the same lock-up restrictions on any new shares of BXSL purchased. Employees will be subject to a 60-day holding period, and BXC employees will be subject to a 6-month holding period. In addition, BXC Employees will be permitted to trade in the securities of BXSL only during a one-week open window period per month. The open window is for administrative convenience and does not mean that there is MNPI during the three weeks of the month during which the window is closed. The open window periods are listed on the Blackstone Intranet. No shorting, options or hedging or derivatives on Securities issued by the Funds will be approved for any reason. 
 
 All trading of Securities issued by BXSL purchased or sold by an employee of BXC or Blackstone, including Access Persons (other than Independent Fund Trustees), must be submitted through the Personal Trade Request tab of the Blackstone intranet and once approved, will be transacted through an account opened with Merrill Lynch. All trading of Securities issued by BCRED purchased or sold by an employee of BXC or Blackstone, including Access Persons (other than Independent Fund Trustees), must be submitted through the Personal Trade Request tab of the Blackstone intranet and once approved, the employee must send completed subscription documents to bcred blackstone.com . MNPI analysis is conducted the day prior to the subscription (or redemption) documents being due. Once the clearance period ends, the request is approved subject to confirmation of no MNPI. 
 2. Pre-clearance Requirements for Independent Fund Trustees 
 All purchases and sales of Securities (including sales in repurchase offers) issued by the Funds by Independent Fund Trustees must be cleared through BXC s private investment request system by submitting a request to the CCO or her designee to bxclistedandricstradeclearances blackstone.com and providing the amount of Securities of the Fund to be purchased or sold. Pre-clearance may be denied following the consideration of a number of factors including, 
 APL-1 

for example, whether the trade creates the appearance of trading with the possession of material non-public information. 
 Independent Fund Trustees shall not purchase Securities issued by the Adviser, any principal underwriter of the Funds, 1 or any of their control persons, including, in the case of the Adviser, Blackstone. 
 
 3. Reports of Purchases and Holding and Trading Periods 
 Reports of the purchases and sales of Securities issued by the Funds will be used to file any required reports of beneficial ownership in accordance with Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
 Purchases of Securities issued by the Funds by Access Persons will be subject to holding periods of (i) six (6) months from the date of purchase or (ii) such shorter or longer periods as the CCO may deem appropriate. 
 After consideration of the circumstances surrounding a trade request, the CCO or her designee may determine to grant pre-clearance for purchases and sales of Securities (including sales in repurchase offers) issued by the Funds by any Access Person any time. 
 
 The CCO or her designee will ensure that Access Persons comply with the provisions of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act pursuant to which Access Persons may not profit from any purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) of Securities issued by the Funds within a period of less than six (6) months. 
 
 II. Compliance with the Code 
 
 A. Investigating Violations of the Code 
 
 The CCO is responsible for investigating any suspected violation of the Code by an Access Person and shall report the results of each investigation to the applicable Fund Board, provided that such Fund Board may determine to appoint counsel to investigate any matter at such Fund s expense and report to the CCO regarding such matter. The Fund Board is responsible for reviewing the results of any investigation of any reported or suspected violation of the Code by an Access Person. Any violation of the Code by an Access Person of a Fund will be reported to such Fund s Board by the CCO not later than the next quarterly meeting after the violation occurs. Employees of BXC and Blackstone are expected to read and comply with the Code as part of their employment. 
 B. Remedies 
 
 1. Sanctions If the applicable Fund Board determines that an Access Person has committed a violation of the Code, the Fund Board may impose such sanctions and take such other actions as it deems appropriate, including, among other things, a verbal warning, a letter of caution or warning, fine, termination of employment, suspension, civil referral to the Securities and Exchange Commission or criminal referral. The applicable Fund Board may also require the Access Person to reverse the transaction in question and forfeit any profit or absorb any loss associated or derived as a result of such reversal. The amount of profit shall be calculated by the applicable Fund Board. The Access Person shall not participate in the applicable Fund Board s determination of any remedies to be imposed in connection with his or her violation of the Code. 

1 BofA Securities, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, RBC Capital Markets, LLC and SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. have acted as book running managers for Blackstone Secured Lending Fund and may be considered principal underwriters of such Fund. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, UBS Securities, Inc., Standard Chartered Securities North America LLC, Julius Baer Securities Inc., The Bank of Singapore, iCapital Securities, LLC, Charles Schwab & Co., Inc., HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., LPL Financial LLC, Rockefeller Financial LLC, SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities have been or are expected to be engaged as placement agents or book running managers for Blackstone Private Credit Fund and may be considered principal underwriters of such Fund. Any purchases or sales of Securities issued by such placement agents or book running managers (or future placement engagements or book running managers) or any of their control persons should be cleared through BXC s personal trading request system in accordance with this Code of Ethics. 
 APL-2 

2. Sole Authority The applicable Fund Board has sole authority to determine the remedy for any violation of the Code by an Access Person, including appropriate disposition of any monies forfeited pursuant to this provision, but may request a recommendation on such matters from the CCO or Chief Legal Officer of the Funds and is entitled to reasonably rely on such recommendation. 
 
 C. Amendments 
 Any material amendment of the Code (including of Attachment 1) shall be submitted to the applicable Fund Board for approval in accordance with Rule 17j-1 of the Investment Company Act. Any material amendment of the Code shall become effective only when the applicable Fund Board has approved the amendment in accordance with Rule 17j-1 or at such earlier date as may be required to comply with applicable law or regulation. 
 III. Definitions 
 
 When used in the Code, the following terms have the meanings set forth below 
 Access Person means any individual that should be treated as an access person to a Fund, as such term is defined in Rule 17j-1 under the Investment Company Act, and includes, without limitation, trustees (including Independent Fund Trustees), officers or general partners of such Fund, the Adviser or any company controlling, controlled by or under common control with such Fund or the Adviser, who in connection with his her regular functions or duties, makes, participates in, or obtains information regarding the purchase or sale of securities by such Fund, or whose functions relate to the making of any recommendations with respect to such purchases or sales. 
 Blackstone means Blackstone Inc. and any other company controlling, controlled by or under common control with BXC. 
 BXC means Blackstone Alternative Credit Advisors LP or any of its affiliates within the credit-focused business unit of Blackstone Inc. 
 CCO means the Chief Compliance Officer of the Funds. 
 Code means this Code of Ethics, as amended. 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 Fund Adviser means Blackstone Credit BDC Advisors LLC. 
 Fund Board means the Board of Trustees of the applicable Fund. 
 Independent Fund Trustee means a trustee of a Fund who is not an interested person of such Fund, the applicable Fund Adviser or the principal underwriter of such Fund as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Company Act. 
 Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 APL-3 

Attachment 1 
 I. Personal Securities Transactions 
 
 In connection with the purchase or sale, directly or indirectly, by an Independent Fund Trustee of a Security Held or to be Acquired by the applicable Fund, Independent Fund Trustees are prohibited from 
 1. employing any device, scheme or artifice to defraud such Fund 
 
 2. making any untrue statement of a material fact to such Fund or omitting to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made to such Fund, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading 
 
 3. engaging in any act, practice or course of business that operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit on such Fund or 
 
 4. engaging in any manipulative practice with respect to such Fund. 
 
 II. Reporting Requirements 
 
 A. Initial and Annual Acknowledgement 
 
 Within ten (10) days of being designated an Independent Fund Trustee, and thereafter on an annual basis, each Independent Fund Trustee must execute the Acknowledgement of Receipt of the Funds Code of Ethics attached hereto as Appendix A, including the acknowledgement that he or she has read the Code of Ethics and understands that it applies to him or her. 
 Pursuant to Rule 17j-1(d)(2)(ii) under the Investment Company Act, Independent Fund Trustees are not required to provide an initial holdings report or a quarterly transaction report required by Rule 17j-1 under the Investment Company Act. 
 B. Transactions in Reportable Securities 
 
 1. Transaction Reporting Requirements . No later than 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter, each Independent Fund Trustee must report to the CCO any Securities Transaction executed during such calendar quarter in a Reportable Security (or Equivalent Security) in which such Independent Fund Trustee had a Beneficial Interest if the Independent Fund Trustee knew, or in the ordinary course of fulfilling his or her duty as an Independent Fund Trustee of the applicable Fund should have known, that during the 15-day period immediately before or after the date of such Securities Transaction, (i) the applicable Fund purchased or sold such Reportable Security, or (ii) the applicable Fund or Fund Adviser considered purchasing or selling such Reportable Security. 
 Note For purposes of these reporting requirements, Securities Transaction includes transactions in futures and options on futures. 
 2. Disclaimers . Any report of a Securities Transaction pursuant to this Section II.B for the benefit of a person other than the Independent Fund Trustee may contain a statement that the report should not be construed as an admission by the Independent Fund Trustee that he or she has any direct or indirect Beneficial Interest in the Security to which the report relates. 
 
 3. Confidentiality . All information supplied by an Independent Fund Trustee pursuant to the Code shall be kept in strict confidence, except that such information may be made available to the Fund Board and the CCO. Such information may also be made available to the Securities and Exchange Commission or such other regulatory authority, to the extent required by law, regulation or this Code. 
 
 III. Definitions 
 
 When used in this Attachment 1, the following terms have the meanings set forth below 
 A. Terms Defining the Scope of a Beneficial Interest 
 
 APL-AT1-1 

Beneficial Interest means the opportunity, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, to profit, or share in any profit derived from, a transaction in the subject Securities. 
 An Independent Fund Trustee is deemed to have a Beneficial Interest in the following 
 1. any Security owned individually by the Independent Fund Trustee 
 
 2. any Security owned jointly by the Independent Fund Trustee with others (for example, joint accounts, spousal accounts, partnerships, trusts and controlling interests in corporations) and 
 
 3. any Security in which a member of the Independent Fund Trustee s Immediate Family has a Beneficial Interest if 
 
 (a) the Security is held in an account over which the Independent Fund Trustee has decision making authority (for example, the Independent Fund Trustee acts as trustee, executor, or guardian) or 
 
 (b) the Security is held in an account for which the Independent Fund Trustee acts as a broker or investment adviser representative. 
 
 An Independent Fund Trustee is presumed to have a Beneficial Interest in the following 
 
 1. any Security in which a member of the Independent Fund Trustee s Immediate Family has a Beneficial Interest if the Immediate Family member resides in the same household as the Independent Fund Trustee. This presumption may be rebutted if the Independent Fund Trustee provides the CCO with satisfactory assurances that the Independent Fund Trustee does not have an ownership interest, individual or joint, in the Security and exercises no influence or control over investment decisions made regarding the Security. The presumption will not be deemed rebutted unless and until the CCO approves the petition in writing. 
 
 Any uncertainty as to whether an Independent Fund Trustee has a Beneficial Interest in a Security should be brought to the attention of the CCO for resolution. An Independent Fund Trustee may appeal any such resolution to the full Board, the decision of which shall be final. Such questions will be resolved in accordance with, and this definition shall be interpreted in accordance with, the definition of beneficial owner found in Rules 16a-1(a) (2) and (5) promulgated under the Exchange Act. 
 
 Immediate Family of an Independent Fund Trustee means any of the following persons 
 
 child grandparent son-in-law 
 stepchild spouse daughter-in-law grandchild sibling brother-in-law parent mother-in-law sister-in-law stepparent father-in-law 
 Immediate Family includes adoptive relationships and other relationships (whether or not recognized by law) that the CCO determines could lead to the possible conflicts of interest, diversions of corporate opportunity, or appearances of impropriety which this Code is intended to prevent. 
 B. Terms Defining the Scope of a Reportable Securities Transaction 
 
 Reportable Security means any Security other than (1) direct obligations of the Government of the United States (2) bankers acceptances, bank certificates of deposit, commercial paper and high-quality, short-term debt instruments, including repurchase agreements and (3) shares issued by open-end funds (other than exchange-traded funds). 
 APL-AT1-2 

Securities Transaction means a purchase or sale of a Reportable Security in which an Independent Fund Trustee acquires or has a Beneficial Interest. 
 Security includes stock, notes, bonds, debentures, and other evidences of indebtedness (including loan participations and assignments), limited partnership interests, investment contracts, closed-end investment companies, and all derivative instruments of the foregoing, such as options and warrants. Security does not include futures or options on futures, but the purchase and sale of such instruments are nevertheless subject to the reporting requirements of the Code. 
 Security Held or to be Acquired by the Fund means (A) any Reportable Security which, within the most recent 15 days, (i) is or has been held by the applicable Fund, or (ii) is being or has been considered by the applicable Fund or the applicable Fund Adviser for purchase by the applicable Fund, or (B) any option to purchase or sell, and any Security convertible into or exchangeable for, a Reportable Security described above in clause (A) of this definition. 

APL-AT1-3 

Appendix A 
 
 Acknowledgement of Receipt of the Fund Code of Ethics 
 I acknowledge that I have received the ________ Code of Ethics, dated ________ (the Code ), and represent that 
 1. I have read the Code and I understand that it applies to me and to all Securities in which I have or acquire any Beneficial Interest. I have read the definition of Beneficial Interest and understand that I may be deemed to have a Beneficial Interest in Securities owned by members of my Immediate Family and that Securities Transactions affected by members of my Immediate Family may therefore be subject to the Code. 
 
 2. I will report all Securities Transactions required to be reported under Section II of Attachment 1 of the Code in which I have or acquire a Beneficial Interest. 
 
 3. I will comply with applicable provisions of the Code in all respects. 

Trustee s Signature 
 Name (Print) 
 Date 

APL-AT1-4 

</EX-14>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 bxsl-20221231xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Brad Marshall, Chief Executive Officer of Blackstone Secured Lending Fund, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Blackstone Secured Lending Fund (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 27, 2023 By s Brad Marshall Brad Marshall Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 bxsl-20221231xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Kevin Kresge, Interim Chief Financial Officer of Blackstone Secured Lending Fund, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Blackstone Secured Lending Fund (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 27, 2023 By s Kevin Kresge Kevin Kresge Interim Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 bxsl-20221231xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, as Chief Executive Officer of Blackstone Secured Lending Fund (the Company ), does hereby certify that to the undersigned s knowledge 
 (1) the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 27, 2023 By s Brad Marshall Brad Marshall Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 bxsl-20221231xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, as Interim Chief Financial Officer of Blackstone Secured Lending Fund (the Company ), does hereby certify that to the undersigned s knowledge 
 (1) the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 27, 2023 By s Kevin Kresge Kevin Kresge Interim Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 bxsl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 bxsl-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 bxsl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 bxsl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 bxsl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

