<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1275101_0001562762-23-000147.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>38262931</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>314995</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2154417</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>22726952</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3124627</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>9136779</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001562762-23-000147.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331075536
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001562762-23-000147
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		120
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001275101
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				200500300
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35402
		FILM NUMBER:		23783285

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 1200
		CITY:			LYNCHBURG
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			24505
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4348462000

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001562762-23-000147.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 botj-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

botj-20221231x10k 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 ______________________ Form ______________________ Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15( d of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the fiscal year ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from __________ to __________ 
 ______________________ (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) Commission file number (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 (Issuer s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Exchange on Which Registered The Capital Markets 
 Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

Table of Contents 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b) . Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate value of the voting common equity held by nonaffiliates as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately based on the price at which the common stock last traded on such day. This price reflects inter-dealer prices without retail mark up, mark down, or commissions, and may not represent actual transactions. The number of shares outstanding of Common Stock, 2.14 par value as of March 31, 2023 was approximately . 

Table of Contents 

PART I Item 1. Business Item 1A. Risk Factors Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments Item 2. Properties Item 3. Legal Proceedings Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures PART II Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Item 6. [Reserved] Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Item 9B. Other Information Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Item 11. Executive Compensation Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules Item 16. Form 10 K Summary SIGNATURES 

Table of Contents 

PART I Item 1. Business General Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc. Financial or the Company is a bank holding company with its headquarters in Lynchburg, Virginia. Financial was incorporated at the direction of Bank of the James (the Bank or Bank of the James on October 3, 2003 to serve as a bank holding company of the Bank. Financial acquired all of the shares of the Bank in a statutory share exchange on a one-for-one basis on January 1, 2004. The Bank is a Virginia banking corporation headquartered in Lynchburg, Virginia. The Bank was incorporated under the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia as a state-chartered bank in 1998 and began banking operations in July 1999. The Bank was organized to engage in general retail and commercial banking business. The Bank s principal office is located at 828 Main Street, Lynchburg, Virginia 24504 and its telephone number is (434) 846-2000. The Bank also maintains a website at www.bankofthejames.bank. Financial conducts three principal activities: (1) general retail and commercial banking through Bank of the James; (2) mortgage brokerage services through Bank of the James Mortgage, a division of the Bank (the Mortgage Division and (3) investment advisory (sometimes referred to as wealth management) services through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Pettyjohn, Wood White, Inc. PWW ). Because Financial acquired PWW on December 31, 2021, PWW had no effect on Financial s net income for the period ended December 31, 2021. In addition, Financial provides securities brokerage and other investment services through BOTJ Investment, a division of the Bank, and acts as an agent for insurance and annuity products through BOTJ Insurance, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank. The operating results of these business operations have not had a material impact on our financial performance and are not considered principal activities of Financial at this time. The Bank, BOTJ Insurance, BOTJ Investment Group, Inc., a non-operating subsidiary, and PWW are our only subsidiaries and primary assets. Products and Services Retail and Commercial Banking The Bank currently conducts business within Virginia from 17 full-service offices, two limited service offices, and one residential mortgage loan production office. The location of and services provided by each of our facilities is described in Item 2. Properties below. The Bank established a mortgage loan origination division that conducts business under the name Bank of the James Mortgage, a Division of Bank of the James (the Mortgage Division ). The Mortgage Division conducts business primarily from the division s main office located in the Forest branch of the Bank and has opened several satellite offices throughout our market area. In addition, the Bank expanded into Charlottesville in 2013 (opening a full-service branch in 2015), Harrisonburg in 2014 (opening a full-service branch in 2015), Appomattox in 2016 (opening a permanent full-service branch in 2017), Roanoke in 2013 (opening a full-service branch in 2017), Blacksburg in 2018 (opening a mortgage origination office), Lexington in 2019 with a full-service branch, and Rustburg in 2019 with a full-service branch. Deposit Services . Deposits are a major source of our funding. The Bank offers a full range of deposit services that are typically available in most banks and other financial institutions including checking accounts, savings accounts and other time deposits of various types, ranging from daily money market accounts to longer-term certificates of deposit. The transaction accounts and time certificates are tailored to the Bank s market areas at rates competitive to those offered by other financial institutions in that market area. In addition, the Bank offers its customers Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs) and Health Care Savings Accounts (HSAs). All deposit accounts are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC up to the maximum amount allowed by law (generally, 250,000 per depositor, subject to aggregation rules). The Bank solicits such accounts from individuals, businesses, associations and organizations, and governmental authorities. Lending Services . The Bank offers a full range of short- to medium-term commercial and consumer loans. Our primary focus is on making loans to small and medium-sized businesses and consumers in the Region 2000 (Lynchburg, Amherst, Bedford, Campbell) area, Charlottesville, Harrisonburg, Roanoke, Appomattox, and Blacksburg. In addition, we also provide a wide range of real estate finance services. Commercial loans include both secured and unsecured loans for working capital (including inventory and receivables), business expansion (including acquisition of real estate and improvements), and purchase of equipment and machinery. Consumer loans include secured and unsecured loans for financing automobiles, home improvements, education and personal 

 4 
 Table of Contents 

investments. Additionally, the Bank originates fixed and floating-rate mortgage loans and real estate construction and acquisition loans. Where appropriate, the Bank attempts to limit interest rate risk through the use of variable interest rates and terms of less than five years. In general, the Bank offers the following lending services in our market areas: Commercial Business Lending. We make loans to small- and medium-sized businesses for purposes such as purchases of equipment, facilities upgrades, inventory acquisition and various working capital purposes. Real Estate Construction . We make commercial and residential construction and development loans. Commercial Real Estate Mortgage . We make loans to borrowers secured by commercial real estate. In underwriting these types of loans we consider the historic and projected future cash flows of the real estate. Residential Mortgage. We originate conforming and non-conforming closed-end residential mortgages. These loans are secured by liens on 1 to 4 family properties. We typically sell the conventional mortgage loans to correspondent financial institutions. Consumer . We offer various types of secured and unsecured consumer loans, including personal loans, lines of credit, overdraft lines of credit, automobile loans, installment loans, demand loans, and home equity loans. We make consumer loans primarily for personal, family or household purposes. We sell loan participations in the ordinary course of business when a loan originated by us exceeds our legal lending limit or we otherwise want to share risk with another bank. We also purchase loan participations from time to time from other banks in the ordinary course of business. Our loan participations are without recourse against the originating bank. Purchased loan participations are underwritten in accordance with our loan policy and represent a source of loan growth. Other Banking Services . Other services offered by the Bank include safe deposit boxes, traveler s checks, direct deposit of payroll and social security checks, automatic drafts for various accounts, treasury management services and credit card merchant services. The Bank also is associated with a shared network of automated teller machines (ATMs) that may be used by Bank customers throughout Virginia, the United States, and internationally. The Bank intends to introduce new products and services desired by the public and as permitted by the regulatory authorities. The Bank remains committed to meeting the challenges that require technology. The Bank provides its customers with access to the latest technological products, such as telephone banking and internet banking, including online bill pay. This service allows customers to handle routine transactions using a standard touch tone telephone or cell phone, applications for mobile devices, and via the internet at the Bank s website. Mortgage Banking. The Bank, through the Mortgage Division originates conforming and non-conforming home mortgages primarily in the Region 2000 area. Beginning in 2013 we began operating the Mortgage Division with hybrid correspondent relationships that allow the Bank to close loans in its name before an investor purchases the loan. By using the Bank s funds to close the loan (as compared to a broker relationship in which loans are funded by the purchaser of the mortgage), the Bank is able to obtain better pricing due to the slight increase in risk. Management believes that there is acceptable risk associated with this arrangement. Investment Advisory Services . We provide investment advisory services through Financial s wholly-owned subsidiary, Pettyjohn, Wood White, Inc. PWW ), a Lynchburg-based investment advisor registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Financial purchased the issued and outstanding shares of PWW on December 31, 2021. PWW generates revenue primarily through investment advisory fees. Other Activities We provide brokerage and investment services through the Bank s Investment division Investment Division ). The Investment Division provides securities brokerage services to Bank customers and others through an agreement with Infinex Financial Group, LLC Infinex ), a registered broker-dealer. Under our agreement, Infinex operates a service center at the main office located at 828 Main St, Lynchburg, Virginia. To date the operating results of the Investment Division have not had a material impact on our financial performance. We provide insurance and annuity products through BOTJ Insurance as an agent for national insurance companies. As of the date hereof, we offer the following insurance products: life insurance, fixed annuities, and disability insurance. We began providing these services in September 2008. To date the operating results of BOTJ Insurance have not had a material impact on our financial performance. 

 5 
 Table of Contents 

Employees As of March 31, 2023, we had approximately 173 employees, 163 of which are full-time and ten of which are part-time. None of our employees are represented by any collective bargaining agreements, and relations with employees are considered excellent. We maintain employee benefit programs that include health insurance, a health savings account, a 401(k) plan, and an employee stock purchase plan. Location and Market Area The Bank s market area primarily consists of Region 2000, which encompasses the seven jurisdictions of the Town of Altavista, Amherst County, Appomattox County, the Town of Bedford, Bedford County, Campbell County, and the City of Lynchburg. Region 2000 supports a diverse, well-rounded economy. U.S. Routes 29, 60, 221, 460 and 501 and State Routes 24 and 40 all pass through our market area and provide efficient access to other regions of the state. Regional airport service and rail service provide additional transportation channels. Total population in the market area equals approximately 267,000. According to publicly available information, the current populations of the localities in the Region 2000 market area were approximately as follows: City of Lynchburg 82,000; Amherst County 32,000; Appomattox County 15,000; Bedford County (including the Town of Bedford) 79,000; Campbell County (including the Town of Altavista) 55,000. The area is serviced by one daily newspaper and a number of radio and television stations providing diverse media outlets. Median family income in Region 2000 has risen over the past ten years. Region 2000 has a broad range of services, light industry, and manufacturing plants. Principal service, industrial, research and development employers include: BWX Technologies, Inc. (nuclear fuel); Framatome (nuclear services); Centra Health, Inc. (health care services); Southern Air, Inc. (mechanical and HVAC contractors); Pacific Life (life insurance and other financial products); Frito-Lay, Inc. (snack foods); U.S. Pipe (ductile iron pipe); as well as six colleges and universities including Randolph College, Sweet Briar College, Liberty University, and the University of Lynchburg. In recent years we have expanded into Charlottesville, Virginia (north of Region 2000), Roanoke, Virginia (west of Region 2000), Harrisonburg, Virginia (northwest of Region 2000), Appomattox (east of Region 2000), Blacksburg (southwest of Region 2000), Lexington, Virginia (northwest of Region 2000), and Rustburg, Virginia (south of Region 2000). Even with this expansion outside of Region 2000, the Bank continues to consider its primary market to be Region 2000. Competition Retail and Commercial Banking The banking business is highly competitive. We compete with other commercial banks, savings institutions, credit unions, financial technology companies, mortgage banking firms, consumer finance companies, securities brokerage firms, insurance companies, and other financial institutions operating in the Region 2000 market area and elsewhere. Many of our nonbank competitors are not subject to the same extensive federal regulations that govern federally-insured banks and state regulations governing state-chartered banks. As a result, such nonbank competitors may have advantages over the Bank in providing certain services. Virginia law permits statewide branching by banks. Consequently, the Bank s market area is a highly competitive, highly branched banking market. Competition in the market area for loans to individuals, small businesses, and professional concerns, the Bank s target market, is keen, and pricing is important. Most of the Bank s competitors have substantially greater resources and lending limits than the Bank and offer certain services, such as extensive and established branch networks and trust services, that the Bank is not currently providing. Deposit competition is strong and comes from institutions in the market, U.S. Government securities, private issuers of debt obligations and suppliers of other investment alternatives for depositors, among other sources. As a result, the Bank has paid, and may in the future pay, above-market rates to attract deposits. The adoption of legislation permitting nationwide interstate banking and branching and the use of financial holding companies may also increase competition in the Bank s market area. See Supervision and Regulation of Financial below. Mortgage Banking The Mortgage Division competes with large national and regional banks, credit unions, regional mortgage lenders and local mortgage brokers. Following the 2008 downturn in the economy and subsequent real estate turmoil, the guidelines surrounding agency business (i.e., loans sold to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac) became much more restrictive and the associated mortgage insurance for loans above 80 percent loan-to-value has tightened. These changes in the conventional market have caused a dramatic increase in government lending and state bond programs. The Mortgage Division competes by attracting the top salespeople in our 

 6 
 Table of Contents 

market, providing an operational infrastructure that manages the guideline changes efficiently and effectively, offering a product menu that is both competitive in loan parameters as well as price, and providing consistently high-quality customer service. Although the Mortgage Division sells loans to various intermediaries, the ability of these aggregators to purchase loans would be limited if certain government-sponsored entities (e.g. Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, etc.) cease to exist or materially limit their purchases of mortgage loans. Investment Advisory Business PWW competes with national, regional, statewide, and local investment advisors, wealth management firms and brokerage firms. According to publicly available information, more than 50 investment advisors and 35 brokerage firms have physical locations in Lynchburg, many of which have greater resources than PWW. Competition for wealth management clients is intense. SUPERVISION AND REGULATION OF THE COMPANY General Financial, as a bank holding company, and the Bank, as a state-chartered bank, are subject to extensive federal and state laws and regulations. These laws and regulations impose specific requirements or restrictions on and provide for general regulatory oversight of virtually all aspects of our operations. The following briefly summarizes the more significant provisions of applicable federal and state laws, certain regulations and the potential impact of such provisions on Financial and the Bank. These laws and regulations are generally intended to protect depositors, not shareholders. The following summary is qualified by reference to the statutory and regulatory provisions discussed. No assurance can be given that these statutes or regulations will not change. Changes in applicable laws or regulations may have a material effect on our business and prospects. Our operations may be affected by legislative changes and the policies of various regulatory authorities. We cannot predict the effect that fiscal or monetary policies, economic control, or new federal or state legislation may have on our business and earnings in the future. Regulation of Financial General . Financial is subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), including the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC of annual, quarterly and other reports on the financial condition and performance of the organization. Financial is directly affected by the corporate responsibility and accounting reform legislation signed into law on July 30, 2002, known as the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the SOx Act ), and the related rules and regulations. The SOx Act includes provisions that, among other things, require that periodic reports containing financial statements that are filed with the SEC be accompanied by chief executive officer and chief financial officer certifications as to the accuracy and compliance with law, additional disclosure requirements and corporate governance and other related rules. Although we are not required to receive an opinion from our external auditors regarding our internal controls over financial reporting under section 404 of the SOx Act because of our status as a smaller reporting company, our management s report on internal control over financial reporting is set forth in Item 9A herein. Financial has expended considerable time and money in complying with the SOx Act and expects to continue to incur additional expenses in the future. Bank Holding Company Act . As a bank holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (the BHCA ), Financial is subject to regulation and examination by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board ). Financial is required to file with the Federal Reserve Board an annual report and such other additional information as the Federal Reserve Board may require pursuant to the BHCA. The Federal Reserve Board requires a bank holding company to act as a source of financial and managerial strength and to take measures to preserve and protect its bank subsidiaries. Financial would be compelled by the Federal Reserve Board to invest additional capital in the event the Bank experiences either significant loan losses or rapid growth of loans or deposits. The Federal Reserve Board has jurisdiction under the BHCA to approve any bank or non-bank acquisition, merger or consolidation proposed by a bank holding company. The BHCA, and other applicable laws and regulations, generally limit the activities of a bank holding company and its subsidiaries to that of banking, managing or controlling banks, or any other activity that is so closely related to banking or to managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. Pursuant to the BHCA, the FRB has the power to order any bank holding company or its subsidiaries to terminate any activity or to terminate its ownership or control of any subsidiary when the FRB has reasonable grounds to believe that continuation of such activity or ownership constitutes a serious risk to the financial soundness, safety or stability of any bank subsidiary of the bank holding company. 

 7 
 Table of Contents 

The FRB also has the authority to examine the Company and its subsidiaries, as well as any arrangements between the Company and its subsidiaries, with the cost of any such examinations to be borne by the Company. Banking subsidiaries of bank holding companies are also subject to certain restrictions imposed by federal law in dealings with their holding companies and other affiliates. Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 . The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (the GLB Act which was effective March 11, 2000, permits bank holding companies to become financial holding companies and thereby affiliate with securities firms and insurance companies and engage in other activities that are financial in nature. A bank holding company may become a financial holding company by filing a declaration that the bank holding company wishes to become a financial holding company if each of its subsidiary banks (i) is well-capitalized under regulatory prompt corrective action provisions, (ii) is well managed, and (iii) has at least a satisfactory rating under the Community Reinvestment Act CRA ). No regulatory approval will be required for a financial holding company to acquire a company, other than a bank or savings association, engaged in activities that are financial in nature or incidental to activities that are financial in nature, as determined by the Federal Reserve Board. The GLB Act defines financial in nature to include securities underwriting, dealing and market making; sponsoring mutual funds and investment companies; insurance underwriting and agency; merchant banking activities; and activities that the Board has determined to be closely related to banking. Subsidiary banks of a financial holding company must continue to be well-capitalized and well-managed in order to continue to engage in activities that are financial in nature without regulatory actions or restrictions, which could include divestiture of the financial in nature subsidiary or subsidiaries. In addition, a financial holding company or a bank may not acquire a company that is engaged in activities that are financial in nature unless each of the subsidiary banks of the financial holding company or the bank has a CRA rating of satisfactory or better. As discussed in more detail below under Confidentiality and Required Disclosure of Consumer Information , the GLB Act also imposes customer privacy requirements on financial institutions. The cumulative effect of the GLB Act and other recent bank legislation has caused us to strengthen our staff to handle the procedures required by this additional regulation. The increased staff and operational costs have impacted our profitability. Although the above laws may have a significant impact on the banking industry by promoting, among other things, competition, it is not possible for the management of the Bank to determine, with any degree of certainty, the impact of such laws on the Bank. Limits on the Payment of Dividends . Financial is a legal entity, separate and distinct from the Bank. Financial currently does not have any significant sources of revenue other than cash dividends paid to it by the Bank and PWW. Both Financial and the Bank are subject to laws and regulations that limit the payment of cash dividends, including requirements to maintain capital at or above regulatory minimums. As a bank that is a member of the Federal Reserve System state member bank ), the Bank must obtain prior written approval for any cash dividend if the total of all dividends declared in any calendar year would exceed the total of its net profits for that year combined with its retained net profits for the preceding two years. Banking regulators have indicated that Virginia banking organizations should generally pay dividends only (1) from net undivided profits of the bank, after providing for all expenses, losses, interest and taxes accrued or due by the bank and (2) if the prospective rate of earnings retention appears consistent with the organization s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. In addition, the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (FDIA) prohibits insured depository institutions such as the Bank from making capital distributions, including the payment of dividends, if, after making such distribution, the institution would become undercapitalized as defined in the statute. In addition, the Federal Reserve is authorized to determine under certain circumstances relating to the financial condition of a bank that the payment of dividends would be an unsafe and unsound practice and to prohibit payment thereof. The payment of dividends that deplete a bank s capital base could be deemed to constitute such an unsafe and unsound banking practice. The Federal Reserve has indicated that banking organizations generally pay dividends only out of current operating earnings. In addition, under Virginia law, no dividend may be declared or paid out of a Virginia bank s paid-in capital. The Bank may be prohibited under Virginia law from the payment of dividends if the Virginia Bureau of Financial Institutions determines that a limitation of dividends is in the public interest and is necessary to ensure the Bank s financial soundness, and may also permit the payment of dividends not otherwise allowed by Virginia law. The Dodd-Frank Act On July 21, 2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Reform Act was signed into law. The Dodd-Frank Reform Act represents a significant overhaul of many aspects of the regulation of the financial services industry, although many of its provisions (e.g., the interchange and trust preferred capital limitations) apply to companies that are significantly larger than Financial. The Dodd-Frank Reform Act directs applicable regulatory authorities to promulgate regulations implementing its provisions, and its effect on Financial and on the financial services industry as a whole will be clarified as those regulations are issued. Major elements of the Dodd-Frank Reform Act include: 

 8 
 Table of Contents 

The Dodd-Frank Reform Act changed the assessment base for federal deposit insurance from the amount of insured deposits to consolidated assets less tangible capital, eliminated the ceiling on the size of the Deposit Insurance Fund (DIF) and increased the floor applicable to the size of the DIF. The Dodd-Frank Act also made permanent the 250,000 limit for federal deposit insurance and increased the cash limit of Securities Investor Protection Corporation protection from 100,000 to 250,000. The Dodd-Frank Reform Act repealed the federal prohibitions on the payment of interest on demand deposits, thereby permitting depository institutions to pay interest on business transaction and other accounts. The Dodd-Frank Reform Act required new disclosure relating to executive compensation and corporate governance. The Dodd-Frank Reform Act implemented amendments to the Truth in Lending Act aimed at improving consumer protections with respect to mortgage originations, including originator compensation, minimum repayment standards, and prepayment considerations. The Dodd-Frank Reform Act established the Financial Stability Oversight Council, which will be responsible for identifying and monitoring systemic risks posed by financial firms, activities, and practices. The Dodd-Frank Reform Act amended the Electronic Fund Transfer Act (EFTA) to, among other things, require that debit card interchange fees must be reasonable and proportional to the actual cost incurred by the issuer with respect to the transaction. In June 2011, the Federal Reserve Board adopted regulations setting the maximum permissible interchange fee as the sum of 21 cents per transaction and 5 basis points multiplied by the value of the transaction, with an additional adjustment of up to one cent per transaction if the issuer implements additional fraud-prevention standards. Although issuers that have assets of less than 10 billion are exempt from the Federal Reserve Board s regulations that set maximum interchange fees, these regulations are expected to significantly affect the interchange fees that financial institutions with less than 10 billion in assets are able to collect. The Dodd-Frank Reform Act eliminated (over time) the inclusion of trust preferred securities as a permitted element of Tier 1 capital. The Dodd-Frank Reform Act created a special regime to allow for the orderly liquidation of systemically important financial companies, including the establishment of an orderly liquidation fund. The Dodd-Frank Reform Act requires the development of regulations to address derivatives markets, including clearing and exchange trading requirements and a framework for regulating derivatives-market participants. The Dodd-Frank Reform Act enhanced supervision of credit rating agencies through the Office of Credit Ratings within the SEC. The Dodd-Frank Reform Act established the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, within the Federal Reserve, to serve as a dedicated consumer-protection regulatory body. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is responsible for implementing, examining and enforcing compliance with federal consumer financial laws for institutions with more than 10 billion of assets and, to a lesser extent, small institutions. As a smaller institution, most consumer protection aspects of the Dodd-Frank Reform Act will continue to be overseen by the Federal Reserve. The Dodd-Frank Act allows banks to engage in de novo interstate branching, a practice that was previously significantly limited. Many aspects of the Dodd-Frank Reform Act are subject to rulemaking by numerous federal agencies to implement various parts of the legislation. While many rules have been finalized or issued in proposed form, additional rules have yet to be proposed or finalized. While it is not possible at this time to predict when all such additional rules will be issued or finalized, and what the content of such rules will be, Financial continues to evaluate the potential impact of the Dodd-Frank Reform Act. Incentive Compensation In June 2010, the Federal Reserve, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCC and the FDIC issued comprehensive final guidance on incentive compensation intended to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of banking organizations do not undermine the safety and soundness of such organizations by encouraging excessive risk-taking. The guidance, which covers all employees that have the ability to materially affect the risk profile of an organization, either individually or as part of a group, is based upon the key principles that a banking organization s incentive compensation arrangements should (i) provide incentives that do not encourage risk-taking beyond the organization s ability to effectively identify and manage risks, (ii) be compatible with effective internal controls and risk management, and (iii) be supported by strong corporate governance, including active and effective oversight by the organization s board of directors. The Federal Reserve will review, as part of the regular, risk-focused examination process, the incentive compensation arrangements of banking organizations, such as Financial, that are not large, complex banking organizations. These reviews will be tailored to each organization based on the scope and complexity of the organization s activities and the prevalence of incentive compensation arrangements. The findings of the supervisory initiatives will be included in reports of examination. Deficiencies will be incorporated into the organization s supervisory ratings, which can affect the organization s ability to make acquisitions and take other actions. Enforcement actions may be taken against a banking organization if its incentive compensation arrangements, or related risk- 

 9 
 Table of Contents 

management control or governance processes, pose a risk to the organization s safety and soundness and the organization is not taking prompt and effective measures to correct the deficiencies. The Dodd-Frank Reform Act requires the SEC and the federal bank regulatory agencies to establish joint regulations or guidelines that require financial institutions with assets of at least 1 billion to disclose the structure of their incentive compensation practices and prohibit such institutions from maintaining compensation arrangements that encourage inappropriate risk-taking by providing excessive compensation or that could lead to material financial loss to the financial institution. The Regulatory Relief Act The Regulatory Relief Act was enacted to modify or remove certain financial reform rules and regulations, including some of those implemented under the Dodd-Frank Act. While it maintains the majority of the regulatory structure established by the Dodd-Frank Act, the Regulatory Relief Act amends certain aspects for small depository institutions with less than 10 billion in assets, such as the Bank. Sections in the Regulatory Relief Act address access to mortgage credit; consumer access to credit; protections for veterans, consumers, and homeowners; rules for certain bank or financial holding companies; capital access; and protections for student borrowers. Financial and the Bank will focus on the implementing rules and guidance for the various provisions in each section of the Regulatory Relief Act that impact their operations and activities. Pursuant to the Regulatory Relief Act, on September 17, 2019, the federal banking agencies adopted a final rule regarding a community bank leverage ratio. Under the final rule, which was effective on January 1, 2021, depository institutions and depository institution holding companies that have less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets and meet other qualifying criteria, including a leverage ratio (equal to Tier 1 capital divided by average total consolidated assets) of greater than 9 percent, will be eligible to opt into the community bank leverage ratio framework (qualifying community banking organizations). Qualifying community banking organizations that elect to use the community bank leverage ratio framework and that maintain a leverage ratio of greater than 9 percent will be considered to have satisfied the generally applicable risk-based and leverage capital requirements in the agencies capital rules (generally applicable rule) and, if applicable, will be considered to have met the well-capitalized ratio requirements for purposes of section 38 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. The Regulatory Relief Act also expands the universe of holding companies that are permitted to rely on the Small Bank Holding Company and Savings and Loan Holding Company Policy Statement. The asset size of a qualifying holding company was increased from 1 billion to 3 billion on August 30, 2018, thus excluding holding companies in this category from consolidated capital requirements. However, subsidiary depository institutions continue to be subject to minimum capital requirements. Further, the Regulatory Relief Act decreased the burden for community banks in regards to call reports, the Volcker Rule (which generally restricts banks from engaging in certain investment activities and limits involvement with hedge funds and private equity firms), mortgage disclosures, and risk weights for some high-risk commercial real estate loans. On December 28, 2018, the federal banking agencies issued a final rule increasing the asset threshold to qualify for an 18-month examination cycle from 1 billion to 3 billion for qualifying institutions that are well capitalized, well managed and meet certain other requirements. Any number of the provisions of the Regulatory Relief Act may have the effect of increasing our expenses, decreasing our revenues, or changing the activities in which we choose to engage. The environment in which banking organizations operate, including legislative and regulatory changes affecting capital, liquidity, supervision, permissible activities, corporate governance and compensation, changes in fiscal policy and steps to eliminate government support for banking organizations, may have long-term effects on the profitability of banking organizations that cannot now be foreseen. It is difficult at this time to determine the direct impact of the Regulatory Relief Act on Financial or the Bank. Implementing rules and regulations are required and many have not yet been written or finalized. Regulation of the Bank The Bank is a Virginia chartered commercial bank and a state member bank. The Bank s deposit accounts are insured by the Deposit Insurance Fund DIF of the FDIC up to the maximum legal limits of the FDIC and it is subject to regulation, supervision and regular examination by the Virginia Bureau of Financial Institutions and the Federal Reserve. The regulations of these various agencies govern most aspects of the Bank s business, including required reserves against deposits, loans, investments, mergers and acquisitions, borrowings, dividends and location and number of branch offices. The laws and regulations governing the Bank generally have been promulgated to protect depositors and the deposit insurance funds, and not for the purpose of protecting shareholders. General . As a state-chartered commercial bank, the Bank and its subsidiaries are subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the Federal Reserve and the Virginia State Corporation Commission s Bureau of Financial Institutions (the BFI ). As such, the Bank is subject to various statutes and regulations administered by these agencies that govern, among other things, required 

 10 
 Table of Contents 

reserves, investments, loans, lending limits, acquisitions of fixed assets, interest rates payable on deposits, transactions among affiliates and the Bank, the payment of dividends, mergers and consolidations, and establishment of branch offices. The earnings of the Bank are affected by general economic conditions, management policies and the legislative and governmental actions of the various regulatory authorities, including those referred to above. FDIC Insurance Premiums. The FDIC s DIF provides insurance coverage for certain deposits, which insurance is funded through assessments on banks, like the Bank. Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the amount of deposit insurance coverage for deposits increased to 250,000 per depositor, subject to aggregation rules. Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ), the FDIC has established 2.0 as the designated reserve ratio (the DRR ), that is, the ratio of the DIF to insured deposits. The Dodd-Frank Act directs the FDIC to amend its assessment regulations so that future assessments will generally be based upon a depository institution s average total consolidated assets minus the average tangible equity of the insured depository institution during the assessment period, whereas assessments were previously based on the amount of an institution s insured deposits. The minimum DIF rate has increased from 1.15 to 1.35 , and the cost of the increase will be borne by depository institutions with assets of 10 billion or more. At least semi-annually, the FDIC will update its loss and income projections for the DIF and, if needed, will increase or decrease assessment rates, following notice-and-comment rule making if required. In 2022, the Bank expensed 500,000 in FDIC assessments which compared to 548,000 in 2021. Any increases in FDIC insurance premiums could adversely affect the Bank s profitability. After giving primary regulators an opportunity to first take action, FDIC may initiate an enforcement action against any depository institution it determines is engaging in unsafe or unsound actions or which is in an unsound condition, and the FDIC may terminate that institution s deposit insurance. Capital Requirements . On June 7, 2012, the Federal Reserve issued a series of proposed rules that would revise and strengthen its risk-based and leverage capital requirements and its method for calculating risk-weighted assets. The rules were proposed to implement the Basel III regulatory capital reforms from the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Reform Act. On July 2, 2013, the Federal Reserve approved certain revisions to the proposals and finalized new capital requirements for banking organizations. Effective January 1, 2015, the final rules require the Bank to comply with the following minimum capital ratios: (i) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 of risk-weighted assets; (ii) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0 of risk-weighted assets; (iii) a total capital ratio of 8.0 of risk-weighted assets (unchanged from the previous requirement); and (iv) a leverage ratio of 4.0 of total assets. A capital conservation buffer requirement was phased in beginning January 1, 2016, at 0.625 of risk-weighted assets, increasing each year until fully implemented at 2.5 on January 1, 2019. The capital conservation buffer is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. Banking institutions with a ratio of common equity Tier 1 to risk-weighted assets above the minimum but below the conservation buffer will face constraints on dividends, equity repurchases, and compensation based on the amount of the shortfall. Since January 1, 2019 and the rules have required the Bank to maintain (i) a minimum ratio of common equity Tier 1 to risk-weighted assets of at least 4.5 , plus a 2.5 capital conservation buffer (which is added to the 4.5 common equity Tier 1 ratio, effectively resulting in a minimum ratio of common equity Tier 1 to risk-weighted assets of at least 7.0 ), (ii) a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 6.0 , plus the capital conservation buffer (which is added to the 6.0 Tier 1 capital ratio, effectively resulting in a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5 ), (iii) a minimum ratio of total capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 8.0 , plus the capital conservation buffer (which is added to the 8.0 total capital ratio, effectively resulting in a minimum total capital ratio of 10.5 ), and (iv) a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0 , calculated as the ratio of Tier 1 capital to average assets. With respect to the Bank, the rules also revised the prompt corrective action regulations pursuant to Section 38 of the FDIA by (i) introducing a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio requirement at each level (other than critically undercapitalized), with the required ratio being 6.5 for well-capitalized status; (ii) increasing the minimum Tier 1 capital ratio requirement for each category, with the minimum ratio for well-capitalized status being 8.0 (as compared to the previous 6.0 ); and (iii) eliminating the current provision that provides that a bank with a composite supervisory rating of 1 may have a 3.0 Tier 1 leverage ratio and still be well-capitalized. The capital requirements also included changes in the risk weights of assets to better reflect credit risk and other risk exposures. These included a 150 risk weight (up from 100 for certain high volatility commercial real estate acquisition, development and construction loans and nonresidential mortgage loans that are 90 days past due or otherwise on non-accrual status, a 20 (up from 0 credit conversion factor for the unused portion of a commitment with an original maturity of one year or less that is not unconditionally cancellable, a 250 risk weight (up from 100 for mortgage servicing rights and deferred tax assets that are not deducted from capital, and increased risk-weights (from 0 to up to 600 for equity exposures. 

 11 
 Table of Contents 

As discussed above under Supervision and Regulation - The Regulatory Relief Ac t , recently enacted legislation directed the federal bank regulatory agencies to develop a Community Bank Leverage Ratio, calculated by dividing tangible equity capital by average consolidated total assets, of not less than 8 and not more than 10 . On September 17, 2019, pursuant to the Regulatory Relief Act, the federal banking agencies adopted a final rule setting a community bank leverage ratio of 9 . If a qualified community bank, generally a depository institution or depository institution holding company with consolidated assets of less than 10 billion, has a leverage ratio which exceeds the Community Bank Leverage Ratio, then such bank will be considered to have met all generally applicable leverage and risk based capital requirements; the capital ratio requirements for well capitalized status under Section 38 of the FDIA, and any other leverage or capital requirements to which it is subject. The asset size of a qualifying holding company was increased from 1 billion to 3 billion on August 30, 2018, thus excluding holding companies in this category from consolidated capital requirements. Because total assets on a consolidated basis are less than 3 billion, Financial is not subject to the consolidated capital requirements imposed by the Bank Holding Company Act. Although the Company s subsidiary depository institution continues to be subject to minimum capital requirement, it is unlikely that the Company will be required to comply with the consolidated capital rules until well into the future. Transactions with Affiliates . The Bank is subject to the provisions of Section 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and Federal Reserve Regulation W of the Federal Reserve Bank which place limits on the amount of loans or extensions of credit to affiliates (as defined in the Federal Reserve Act), investments in or certain other transactions with affiliates and on the amount of advances to third parties collateralized by the securities or obligations of affiliates. The law and regulation limit the aggregate amount of transactions with any individual affiliate to ten percent (10 of the capital and surplus of the Bank and also limit the aggregate amount of transactions with all affiliates to twenty percent (20 of capital and surplus. Loans and certain other extensions of credit to affiliates are required to be secured by collateral in an amount and of a type described in the regulation, and the purchase of low-quality assets from affiliates is generally prohibited. The law and Regulation W also, among other things, prohibit an institution from engaging in certain transactions with certain affiliates (as defined in the Federal Reserve Act) unless the transactions are on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable to such institution and/or its subsidiaries, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with non-affiliated entities. In the absence of comparable transactions, such transactions may only occur under terms and circumstances, including credit standards that in good faith would be offered to or would apply to non-affiliated companies. Loans to Insiders. The Bank is subject to the restrictions contained in Section 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act and the Federal Reserve Board s Regulation O thereunder on loans to executive officers, directors and principal stockholders. Under Section 22(h), loans to a director, an executive officer or a greater-than-10 stockholder of a bank as well as certain affiliated interests of any of the foregoing may not exceed, together with all other outstanding loans to such person and affiliated interests, the loans-to-one-borrower limit applicable to national banks (generally 15 of the institution s unimpaired capital and surplus), and all loans to all such persons in the aggregate may not exceed the institution s unimpaired capital and unimpaired surplus. Regulation O also prohibits the making of loans in an amount greater than 25,000 or 5 of capital and surplus but in any event not over 500,000, to directors, executive officers and greater-than-10 stockholders of a bank, and their respective affiliates, unless such loans are approved in advance by a majority of the board of directors of the bank with any interested director not participating in the voting. Furthermore, Regulation O requires that loans to directors, executive officers and principal stockholders of a bank be made on terms substantially the same as those that are offered in comparable transactions to unrelated third parties unless the loans are made pursuant to a benefit or compensation program that is widely available to all employees of the bank and does not give preference to insiders over other employees. Regulation O also prohibits a depository institution from paying overdrafts over 1,000 of any of its executive officers or directors unless they are paid pursuant to written pre-authorized extension of credit or transfer of funds plans. All of the Bank s loans to its and the Company s executive officers, directors and greater-than-10 stockholders, and affiliated interests of such persons, comply with the requirements of Regulation W and Section 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act and Regulation O. Community Reinvestment Act. The Community Reinvestment Act CRA requires that, in connection with examinations of financial institutions within their respective jurisdictions, the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency or the Office of Thrift Supervision shall evaluate the record of the financial institutions in meeting the credit needs of their local communities, including low and moderate income neighborhoods, consistent with the safe and sound operation of those institutions. The CRA does not establish specific lending requirements or programs for financial institutions nor does it limit an institution s discretion to develop the types of products and services that it believes are best suited to its particular community, consistent with the CRA. An institution s CRA activities are considered in, among other things, evaluating mergers, acquisitions and applications to open a branch or facility, as well as determining whether the institution will be permitted to exercise certain of the powers allowed by the GLB Act. The CRA also requires all institutions to make public disclosure of their CRA ratings. The Bank currently has a CRA rating of satisfactory. 

 12 
 Table of Contents 

Safety and Soundness . The federal banking agencies have broad powers under current federal law to take prompt corrective action to resolve problems of insured depository institutions. The extent of these powers depends upon whether the institutions in question are well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, or critically undercapitalized, all such terms are defined under uniform regulations defining such capital levels issued by each of the federal banking agencies. An insured depository institution which is less than adequately capitalized must adopt an acceptable capital restoration plan, is subject to increased regulatory oversight and is increasingly restricted in the scope of its permissible activities. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank was considered well-capitalized. Regulatory Enforcement Authority . Applicable banking laws include substantial enforcement powers available to federal banking regulators. This enforcement authority includes, among other things, the ability to assess civil money penalties, to issue cease-and-desist or removal orders and to initiate injunctive actions against banking organizations and institution-affiliated parties. In general, these enforcement actions may be initiated for violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. Other actions or inactions, including the filing of misleading or untimely reports with regulatory authorities, may provide the basis for enforcement action. Cybersecurity. The federal bank regulatory agencies have adopted guidelines for establishing information security standards and cybersecurity programs for implementing safeguards under the supervision of a banking organization s board of directors. This guidance, along with related regulatory materials, increasingly focus on risk management and processes related to information technology and the use of third parties in the provision of financial products and services. The federal bank regulatory agencies expect financial institutions to establish appropriate security controls and to ensure that their risk management processes address the risk posed by compromised customer credentials, and also expect financial institutions to maintain sufficient business continuity planning processes to ensure rapid recovery, resumption and maintenance of the institution s operations after a cyberattack. If we fail to meet the expectations set forth in such regulatory guidance, we could be subject to various regulatory sanctions, including financial penalties. In November 2021, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued a final rule to improve the sharing of information about cyber incidents that may affect the U.S. banking system. The rule, which became effective on May 1, 2022, requires a banking organization to notify its primary federal regulator within 36 hours of determining that a computer-security incident has materially affected - or is reasonably likely to materially affect - the viability of the banking organization s operations, its ability to deliver banking products and services, or the stability of the financial sector. In addition, the rule requires a bank service provider to notify affected banking organization customers as soon as possible when the provider determines that it has experienced a computer-security incident that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect banking organization customers for four or more hours. Confidentiality and Required Disclosures of Consumer Information . The Bank is subject to various laws and regulations that address the privacy of nonpublic personal financial information of consumers. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and certain regulations issued thereunder protect against the transfer and use by financial institutions of consumer nonpublic personal information. A financial institution must provide to its customers, at the beginning of the customer relationship and annually thereafter, the institution s policies and procedures regarding the handling of customers nonpublic personal financial information. These privacy provisions generally prohibit a financial institution from providing a customer s personal financial information to unaffiliated third parties unless the institution discloses to the customer that the information may be so provided and the customer is given the opportunity to opt out of such disclosure. In August, 2018, the CFPB published its final rule to update Regulation P pursuant to the amended GLB Act. Under this rule, certain qualifying financial institutions are not required to provide annual privacy notices to customers. To qualify, a financial institution must not share nonpublic personal information about customers except as described in certain statutory exceptions which do not trigger a customer s statutory opt-out. In addition, the financial institution must not have changed its disclosure policies and practices from those disclosed in its most recent privacy notice. The rule sets forth timing requirements for delivery of annual privacy notices in the event that a financial institution that qualified for the annual notice exemption later changes its policies or practices in such a way that it no longer qualifies for the exemption. The Bank is also subject to various laws and regulations that attempt to combat money laundering and terrorist financing. The Bank Secrecy Act requires all financial institutions to, among other things, create a system of controls designed to prevent money laundering and the financing of terrorism, and imposes recordkeeping and reporting requirements. The USA Patriot Act facilitates information sharing among governmental entities and financial institutions for the purpose of combating terrorism and money laundering, and requires financial institutions to establish anti-money laundering programs. The Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), which is a division of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, is responsible for helping to ensure that United States entities do not engage in transactions with enemies of the United States, as defined by various Executive Orders and Acts of Congress. If the Bank finds a name of an enemy of the United States on any transaction, account or wire transfer that is on an OFAC list, it must freeze such account or place transferred funds into a blocked account, file a suspicious activity report with the Treasury and notify the FBI. 

 13 
 Table of Contents 

Mortgage Banking Regulation . The Bank s Mortgage Division is subject to the rules and regulations by the Department of Housing and Urban Development HUD ), the Federal Housing Administration (the FHA ), the Department of Veteran Affairs and state regulatory authorities with respect to originating, processing, servicing and selling mortgage loans. Those rules and regulations, among other things, establish standards for loan origination, prohibit discrimination, provide for inspections and appraisals of property, require credit reports on prospective borrowers and, in some cases, restrict certain loan features, and fix maximum interest rates and fees. In addition to other federal laws, mortgage origination activities are subject to the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Truth-in-Lending Act, Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, and the Home Ownership Equity Protection Act, and the regulations promulgated thereunder. These laws prohibit discrimination, require the disclosure of certain basic information to mortgagors concerning credit and settlement costs, limit payment for settlement services to the reasonable value of the services rendered and require the maintenance and disclosure of information regarding the disposition of mortgage applications based on race, gender, geographical distribution and income level. Effect of Governmental Monetary Policies Our earnings are affected by domestic economic conditions and the monetary and fiscal policies of the United States government and its agencies. The Federal Reserve Bank s monetary policies have had, and are likely to continue to have, an important impact on the operating results of commercial banks through its power to implement national monetary policy in order, among other things, to curb inflation or combat a recession. The monetary policies of the Federal Reserve Board have major effects upon the levels of bank loans, investments and deposits through its open market operations in United States government securities and through its regulation of the discount rate on borrowings of member banks and the reserve requirements against member bank deposits. In particular, we are subject to risk from decisions of the FOMC to continue to increase the fed funds target rate. Such an increase could subject us to interest rate risk by, among other things, a) requiring us to increase the rates paid on deposit accounts; and b) further decreasing the value of certain assets, including our loans and investment securities. While is it is not possible to fully predict the nature or impact of future changes in monetary and fiscal policies, we anticipate that continued rate increases in 2023 could have a negative impact on our results of operations and/or financial condition. Future Regulatory Uncertainty Legislative and regulatory proposals regarding changes in banking, and the regulation of banks, federal savings institutions, and other financial institutions and bank and bank holding company powers are being considered by the executive branch of the federal government, Congress and various state governments. Certain of these proposals, if adopted, could significantly change the regulation or operations of banks and the financial services industry. New regulations and statutes are regularly proposed that contain wide-ranging proposals for altering the structures, regulations, and competitive relationships of the nation s financial institutions. Because federal regulation of financial institutions changes regularly and is the subject of constant legislative debate, we cannot forecast how federal regulation of financial institutions may change in the future and impact our operations. The recent economic environment has required a greater degree of coordination and overlap of the duties and responsibilities of the U.S. Treasury, federal and state banking regulators and the FDIC. We fully expect that the financial institution industry will remain heavily regulated in the near future and that additional laws or regulations may be adopted further regulating specific banking practices. The failure of a least three regional banks has caused commentators and government officials to call for the increased regulation of the banking and financial industry. Regulation could take the form of increased capital requirements or stress tests for banks other than the systemically important financial institutions. We cannot predict whether or in what form any proposed regulation or statute will be adopted or the extent to which our business may be affected by any new regulation or statute. Regulation of PWW PWW is a registered investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and as such, is supervised by the SEC. It is also subject to various other federal laws as well as licensing and/or registration requirements. These laws and regulations generally grant supervisory agencies broad administrative powers, including the power to limit or restrict the carrying on of business for failure to comply with such laws and regulations. Item 1A. Risk Factors RISK FACTORS In addition to the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be carefully considered in connection with evaluating our business and any forward-looking statements contained herein. Our business, 

 14 
 Table of Contents 

financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be harmed by any of the risk factors described below, or other risks that have not been identified or which we believe are immaterial or unlikely. If one or more of these or other risks or uncertainties materialize, or if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS Our profitability depends significantly on local economic conditions. Our success depends primarily on the general economic conditions of the primary markets in Virginia in which we operate and where our loans are concentrated. Unlike nationwide banks that are more geographically diversified, the Company provides banking and financial services to customers primarily in the Lynchburg metropolitan statistical area MSA ). Lynchburg s MSA, which is often referred to as Region 2000, consists of approximately 2,122 square miles, and includes the City of Lynchburg and the Counties of Bedford, Campbell, Amherst and Appomattox. To a lesser extent, our lending market includes the Roanoke, Charlottesville and Harrisonburg MSAs. Our branches in localities outside of Region 2000 have a short operating history. As of December 2022, the Lynchburg MSA had an unemployment rate (not seasonally adjusted) of 2.9 , as compared to a statewide average unemployment rate of 2.6 . The local economic conditions in these areas have a significant impact on the Company s commercial and industrial, real estate and construction loans, the ability of its borrowers to repay their loans and the value of the collateral securing these loans. In addition, if the population or income growth in the Company s market areas is slower than projected, income levels, deposits and housing starts could be adversely affected and could result in a reduction of the Company s expansion, growth and profitability. If the Company s market areas experience a downturn or a recession for a prolonged period of time, the Company could experience significant increases in nonperforming loans, which could lead to operating losses, impaired liquidity and eroding capital. A significant decline in general economic conditions, caused by inflation, recession, pandemics, acts of terrorism, outbreaks of hostilities or other international or domestic calamities, unemployment, monetary and fiscal policies of the federal government or other factors could impact these local economic conditions and could negatively affect the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The Company s business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations may be , adversely affected by a resurgence of COVID-19 or other pandemics . The COVID-19 pandemic negatively impacted the local, state, national, and world economies. The pandemic created economic and financial disruptions that have adversely affected, and have the potential to continue to adversely affect, the Company s business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Although the pandemic has subsided, a resurgence of COVID-19 or other pandemics could adversely impact our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. The impact would depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the scope and duration of the resurgence of COVID-19 or subsequent pandemics, the effectiveness of the Company s business continuity plan, the direct and indirect impact of the resurgence or pandemic on the Company s employees, customers, clients, and service providers, as well as other market participants, and actions taken by governmental authorities and other third parties in response to the pandemic. A significant portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real estate, and events that negatively impact the real estate market could hurt our business. A substantial majority of our loans have real estate as a primary or secondary component of collateral. The real estate collateral in each case provides an alternate source of repayment in the event of default by the borrower and may deteriorate in value during the time the credit is extended. Because most of our loans are concentrated in the Region 2000 area in and surrounding the City of Lynchburg, a decline in local economic conditions may have a greater effect on our earnings and capital than on the earnings and capital of larger financial institutions whose real estate loan portfolios are more geographically diverse. A weakening of the real estate market in our primary market areas could result in an increase in the number of borrowers who default on their loans and a reduction in the value of the collateral securing their loans, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our profitability and asset quality. If we are required to liquidate the collateral securing a loan to satisfy the debt during a period of reduced real estate values, our earnings and capital could be adversely affected. Additionally, acts of nature, including hurricanes, tornados, earthquakes, fires and floods, which may cause uninsured damage and other loss of value to real estate that secures these loans, may also negatively impact our financial condition. Our loan portfolio contains a number of real estate loans with relatively large balances. A significant portion of our total loan portfolio contains real estate loans with balances in excess of 1,000,000. The deterioration of one or a few of these loans could cause a significant increase in nonperforming loans, which could result in a net loss 

 15 
 Table of Contents 

of earnings, an increase in the provision for loan losses and an increase in loan charge-offs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Commercial real estate loans increase our exposure to credit risk. A majority of our loan portfolio is secured by commercial real estate. Loans secured by commercial real estate are generally viewed as having more risk of default than loans secured by residential real estate or consumer loans because repayment of the loans often depends on the successful operation of the property, the income stream of the borrowers, the accuracy of the estimate of the property s value at completion of construction and the estimated cost of construction. An adverse development with respect to one lending relationship can expose us to a significantly greater risk of loss as compared with a single-family residential mortgage loan because we typically have more than one loan with such borrowers. Additionally, these loans typically involve larger loan balances to single borrowers or groups of related borrowers compared with single-family residential mortgage loans. Therefore, the deterioration of one or a few of these loans could cause a significant decline in the related asset quality. These loans represent higher risk and could result in a sharp increase in loans charged-off and could require us to significantly increase our allowance for loan losses, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. A percentage of the loans in our portfolio currently include exceptions to our loan policies and supervisory guidelines . All of the loans that we make are subject to written loan policies adopted by our board of directors and to supervisory guidelines imposed by our regulators. Our loan policies are designed to reduce the risks associated with the loans that we make by requiring our loan officers to take certain steps that vary depending on the type and amount of the loan, prior to closing a loan. These steps include, among other things, making sure the proper liens are documented and perfected on property securing a loan, and requiring proof of adequate insurance coverage on property securing loans. Loans that do not fully comply with our loan policies are known as exceptions. We categorize exceptions as policy exceptions, financial statement exceptions and document exceptions. As a result of these exceptions, such loans may have a higher risk of loan loss than the other loans in our portfolio that fully comply with our loan policies. In addition, we may be subject to regulatory action by federal or state banking authorities if they believe the number of exceptions in our loan portfolio represents an unsafe banking practice. As a community bank, we have different lending risks than larger banks. We provide services to individuals and small to medium-sized businesses in our local markets who may have fewer financial resources to weather a downturn in the economy . Our ability to diversify our economic risks is limited by our own local markets and economies. We lend primarily to small to medium-sized businesses, professionals and individuals, which may expose us to greater lending risks than those of banks lending to larger, better-capitalized businesses with longer operating histories. For instance, small to medium-sized businesses frequently have smaller market share than their competition, may be more vulnerable to economic downturns, have fewer financial resources in terms of capital or borrowing capacity than larger entities, often need substantial additional capital to expand or compete and may experience significant volatility in operating results. Any one or more of these factors may impair the borrower s ability to repay a loan. In addition, the success of a small to medium-sized business often depends on the management talents and efforts of one or two persons or a small group of persons, and the death, disability or resignation of one or more of these persons could have a material adverse impact on the business and its ability to repay a loan. Economic downturns and other events that negatively impact the Company s market areas could cause the Company to incur substantial credit losses that could negatively affect the Company s results of operations and financial condition. We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about clients and counterparties, and our financial condition could be adversely affected if we rely on misleading information. In deciding whether to extend credit or to enter into other transactions with clients and counterparties, we may rely on information furnished to us by or on behalf of clients and counterparties, including financial statements and other financial information, which we do not independently verify as a matter of course. We also may rely on representations of clients and counterparties as to the accuracy and completeness of that information and, with respect to financial statements, on reports of independent auditors. For example, in deciding whether to extend credit to customers, we may assume that a customer s audited financial statements conform with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP and present fairly, in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the customer. Our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted to the extent we rely on financial statements that do not comply with GAAP or are materially misleading. If we suffer loan losses from a decline in credit quality, our earnings will decrease. We could sustain losses if borrowers, guarantors or related parties fail to perform in accordance with the terms of their loans. We have adopted underwriting and credit monitoring procedures and policies, including the establishment and review of the allowance for loan losses, that we believe are appropriate to minimize this risk by assessing the likelihood of nonperformance, tracking loan 

 16 
 Table of Contents 

performance and diversifying our credit portfolio. These policies and procedures, however, may not prevent unexpected losses that could materially adversely affect our results of operations. These policies and procedures necessarily rely on our making various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of our loan portfolio, including the creditworthiness of our borrowers and the value of the real estate and other assets serving as collateral for the repayment of many of our loans. In determining the amount of the allowance for loan losses, we review our loans and our loss and delinquency experience, and we evaluate economic conditions. If our assumptions are incorrect, our allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to cover probable incurred losses in our loan portfolio, resulting in additions to our allowance. Any future additions to our allowance could materially decrease our net income. In addition, the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond and the Virginia Bureau of Financial Institutions (the BFI periodically review our allowance for loan losses and may require us to increase our provision for loan losses or recognize further loan charge-offs. Any increase in our allowance for loan losses or loan charge-offs as required by regulatory authorities might have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our allowance may not be adequate to cover actual loan losses. A significant source of risk arises from the possibility that we could sustain losses due to loan defaults and nonperformance on loans. We maintain an allowance in accordance with GAAP to provide for such defaults and other nonperformance. As of December 31, 2022, our allowance as a percentage of total loans was 1.02 and our allowance as a percentage of nonperforming loans was 988.78 . The determination of the appropriate level of allowance is an inherently difficult process and is based on numerous assumptions. The amount of future losses is susceptible to changes in economic, operating and other conditions, including changes in interest rates, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, our underwriting policies, adherence to credit monitoring processes and risk management systems and controls may not prevent unexpected losses. Our allowance may not be adequate to cover actual loan losses. Moreover, any increase in our allowance will adversely affect our earnings by decreasing our net income. In June 2016, the FASB issued a new accounting standard, commonly referred to as the Current Expected Credit Losses (CECL) standard, which replaced the current approach under GAAP for establishing our allowance for loan losses. We adopted the standard on January 1, 2023. Prior to CECL, our allowance for loan losses generally considered only past events and current conditions. The CECL methodology requires a forward-looking methodology that reflects the expected credit losses over the lives of financial assets, starting when such assets are first originated or acquired. The CECL standard requires us to record, at the time of origination, credit losses expected throughout the life of our loans, as opposed to the current practice of recording losses when it is probable that a loss event has occurred. CECL requires advanced modeling techniques, heavy reliance on assumptions, and dependence on historical data that may not accurately forecast losses. CECL can result in greater volatility in the level of the allowance for credit losses, depending on various factors and assumptions applied in the model, such as the forecasted economic conditions in the foreseeable future and loan payment behaviors. Any increase in the allowance for credit losses, or expenses incurred to determine the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses, can have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The markets for our deposit and lending products and services are highly competitive, and we face substantial competition. The banking and financial services industry is highly competitive. We compete as a financial intermediary with other commercial banks, savings banks, credit unions, finance companies, mutual funds, insurance companies and brokerage and investment banking firms soliciting business from residents of and businesses located in the Virginia localities where the Bank has a presence, surrounding areas and elsewhere. Many of these competing institutions have nationwide or regional operations and have greater resources than we have. We also face competition from local community institutions. Many of our competitors enjoy competitive advantages, including greater name recognition, financial resources, a wider geographic presence or more accessible branch office locations, the ability to offer additional services, greater marketing resources, more favorable pricing alternatives for loans and deposits and lower origination and operating costs. We are also subject to lower lending limits than our larger competitors. Our profitability depends upon our continued ability to successfully compete in our market areas. Increased deposit competition could increase our cost of funds and could adversely affect our ability to generate the funds necessary for our lending operations. If we must raise interest rates paid on deposits or lower interest rates charged on our loans, our net interest margin and profitability could be adversely affected. Competition could result in a decrease in loans we originate and could negatively affect our ability to grow and our results of operations. Technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for non-banks to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks, such as automatic transfer and automatic payment systems. Many of our competitors have fewer regulatory constraints and may have lower cost structures. Additionally, due to their size, many competitors may be able to achieve economies of scale and, as a result, may offer a broader range of products and services as well as better pricing for those products and services. We have increased and plan to continue to increase our levels of commercial and industrial loans. We may not be successful in continuing to penetrate this market segment, which has helped to drive some of our recent earnings. 

 17 
 Table of Contents 

A significant percentage of our loans are commercial and industrial loans. Although our portfolio of commercial and industrial loans has decreased during the past year, that category has generally increased over the past several years and we continue to focus on commercial and industrial loans. While we intend to originate these types of loans in a manner that is consistent with safety and soundness, these non-residential loans generally expose us to greater risk of loss than one- to four-family residential mortgage loans, as repayment of such commercial and industrial loans generally depends, in large part, on the borrower s business to cover operating expenses and debt service. In addition, these types of loans typically involve larger loan balances to single borrowers or groups of related borrowers, as compared to one- to four-family residential mortgage loans. Changes in economic conditions that are beyond our or the borrower s control could adversely affect the value of the security for the loan, including the future cash flow of the affected business. As we increase our portfolio of these loans, we may experience higher levels of non-performing assets or loan losses , or both . Our efforts to increase our levels of commercial and industrial loans may be impacted by increased interest rates, recession, or other adverse economic conditions. Our plans for future expansion depend, in some instances, on factors beyond our control, and an unsuccessful attempt to achieve growth could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. We expect to continue to engage in new branch expansion in the future. We may also seek to acquire other financial institutions, or parts of those institutions, though we have no present plans in that regard. Expansion involves a number of risks, including, without limitation: the time and costs of evaluating new markets, hiring experienced local management and opening new offices; the time lags between these activities and the generation of sufficient assets and deposits to support the costs of the expansion; our entrance into new markets where we lack experience; the introduction of new products and services with which we have no prior experience into our business; failure to culturally integrate an acquisition target or new branches or failing to identify and select the optimal candidate for integration or expansion; and failure to identify and retain experienced key management members with local expertise and relationships in new markets. We may acquire and hold other real estate owned (OREO) properties, which could lead to increased operating expenses and vulnerability to declines in the market value of real estate in our areas of operations. From time-to-time, we foreclose upon and take title to the real estate serving as collateral for our loans as part of our business. If our OREO balance increases, management expects that our earnings will be negatively affected by various expenses associated with OREO, including personnel costs, insurance and taxes, completion and repair costs, valuation adjustments and other expenses associated with property ownership. Also, at the time that we foreclose upon a loan and take possession of a property, we estimate the value of that property using third-party appraisals and opinions and internal judgments. OREO property is valued on our books at the estimated market value of the property, less the estimated costs to sell (or fair value ). Upon foreclosure, a charge-off to the allowance for loan losses is recorded for any excess between the value of the asset on our books over its fair value. Thereafter, we periodically reassess our judgment of fair value based on updated appraisals or other factors, including, at times, at the request of our regulators. Any declines in our estimate of fair value for OREO will result in valuation adjustments, with a corresponding expense in our consolidated statements of income that is recorded under the line item for Other real estate expenses. As a result, our results of operations are vulnerable to declines in the market for residential and commercial real estate in the areas in which we operate. The expenses associated with OREO and property write downs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Any increase in non-accrual loans may lead to increases in our OREO balance in the future. Additional growth and regulatory requirements may require us to raise additional capital in the future, and capital may not be available when it is needed or may have unfavorable terms, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We are required by federal and state regulatory authorities to maintain adequate levels of capital to support our operations. While the boards of the Company and the Bank intend to take steps to ensure that the capital plan aligns with the Bank s strategic plan, that all material risks to the Bank are identified and measured and that capital limits are appropriate for the institution s risk profile, failure to successfully implement such steps could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We may at some point need to raise additional capital to support any future significant growth. Our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, will depend on conditions in the capital markets at that time, which are outside of our control, and on our financial performance. Accordingly, we can make no assurances of our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, on terms 

 18 
 Table of Contents 

acceptable to us. If we cannot raise additional capital when needed, our ability to further expand our operations could be materially impaired. Our corporate culture has contributed to our success, and if we cannot maintain this culture as we grow, we could lose the teamwork and increased productivity fostered by our culture, which could harm our business. We believe that a critical contributor to our success has been our corporate culture, which we believe fosters teamwork and increased productivity. As our organization grows and we are required to implement more complex organizational management structures, we may find it increasingly difficult to maintain the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture. This could negatively impact our future success. If we fail to retain our key employees, our growth and profitability could be adversely affected. Our success is, and is expected to remain, highly dependent on our executive management team. We are especially dependent on these executives as well as other key personnel because, as a community bank, we depend on our management team s ties to the community to generate business for us, and our executives have key expertise needed to implement our business strategy. Our executive management and other key personnel have not signed non-competition covenants. Competition for personnel is intense, and we may not be successful in attracting or retaining qualified personnel. Our failure to compete for these personnel, or the loss of the services of several of such key personnel, could adversely affect our growth strategy and seriously harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Severe weather, natural disasters, , acts of war or terrorism or other adverse external events could significantly impact our business. Severe weather, natural disasters, , acts of war or terrorism or other adverse external events could have a significant impact on our ability to conduct business. In addition, such events could affect the stability of our deposit base, impair the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, cause significant property damage, result in loss of revenue or cause us to incur additional expenses. The occurrence of any of these events in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. As a community bank, our ability to maintain our reputation is critical to the success of our business, and our failure to do so may materially adversely affect our performance. As a community bank, our reputation is one of the most valuable components of our business. As such, we strive to conduct our business in a manner that enhances our reputation. This is done, in part, by recruiting, hiring and retaining employees who share our core values of being an integral part of the communities we serve, delivering superior service to our customers and caring about our customers and associates. Negative publicity can result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending practices, corporate governance, acquisitions and actions taken or threatened by government regulators and community organizations in response to those activities. If our reputation is negatively affected by the actions of our employees or otherwise, there may be an adverse effect on our ability to keep and attract customers, and we might be exposed to litigation and regulatory action. Any of such events could harm our business, and, therefore, our operating results may be materially adversely affected. As a financial services company with a high profile in our market area, we are inherently exposed to this risk. While we take steps to minimize reputation risk in dealing with customers and other constituencies, we will continue to face additional challenges maintaining our reputation with respect to customers of the Bank in our current primary market area in Region 2000 and in establishing our reputation in new market areas. Our decisions regarding how we manage our credit exposure may materially and adversely affect our business. We manage our credit exposure through careful monitoring of lending relationships and loan concentrations in particular industries, and through loan approval and review procedures. The adequacy of our allowance for loan losses is crucial in monitoring credit exposure. While our board and senior management are continuing to improve the Bank s risk management framework and align the Bank s risk philosophy with its capital and strategic plans, failure to continue to improve such risk management framework could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We can make no assurances that our loan loss reserves will be sufficient to absorb future loan losses or prevent a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our profitability is vulnerable to interest rate fluctuations and changes in monetary policies. Our profitability depends substantially upon our net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between the interest earned on interest-earning assets, such as loans and investment securities, and the interest expense paid on interest-bearing 

 19 
 Table of Contents 

liabilities, such as NOW accounts, savings accounts, time deposits and other borrowings. Market interest rates for loans, investments and deposits are highly sensitive to many factors beyond our control. Previously interest rate spreads had a sustained period of narrowness due to many factors, such as market conditions, policies of various government and regulatory authorities and competitive pricing pressures, and we cannot predict whether these rate spreads will narrow again. This narrowing of interest rate spreads could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we cannot predict whether interest rates will continue to remain at present levels. Changes in interest rates may cause significant changes, up or down, in our net interest income. Depending on our portfolio of loans and investments, our results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in interest rates. Our financial condition and results of operations are affected by credit policies of monetary authorities, particularly the Federal Reserve Board. Actions by monetary and fiscal authorities, including the Federal Reserve Board, could have an adverse effect on our deposit levels, loan demand or business and earnings. Inflation can have an adverse impact on our customers and their ability to repay. Inflation risk is the risk that the value of assets or income from investments will be worth less in the future as inflation decreases the value of money. Recently, there has been a pronounced rise in inflation and the Federal Reserve has raised certain benchmark interest rates in an effort to combat this trend. Our customers may also be affected by inflation and the rising costs of goods and services used in their households and businesses, which could have a negative impact on their ability to repay their loans with us. A failure in or breach of our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of our third party vendors and other service providers, including as a result of cyber-attacks, could disrupt our business, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, damage our reputation, increase our costs and cause losses. We rely heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business. Any failure, interruption or breach in security of these systems could result in failures or disruptions in our customer-relationship management, general ledger, deposit, loan and other systems. While we have policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of the failure, interruption or security breach of our information systems, there can be no assurance that any such failures, interruptions or security breaches will not occur; or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. The occurrence of any failures, interruptions or security breaches of our information systems could disrupt our business, increase our costs, result in the disclosure of confidential client information, damage our reputation, result in a loss of customer business, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny or expose us to civil litigation and possible financial liability; any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our computer systems, software and networks have been and will continue to be vulnerable to unauthorized access, loss or destruction of data (including confidential client information), account takeovers, unavailability of service, computer viruses or other malicious code, cyber-attacks and other events. These threats may derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part of employees or third parties, or may result from accidental technological failure. Information security risks for financial institutions such as ours have generally increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the Internet and digital technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, activists and other external parties. Some of our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission and storage of confidential information in our computer systems and networks. Our business relies on our digital technologies, computer and email systems, software and networks to conduct its operations. In addition, to access our products and services, our customers may use personal smartphones, tablets, personal computers and other mobile devices that are beyond our control systems. Although we have information security procedures and controls in place, our technologies, systems, networks and our customers devices may become the target of cyber-attacks or information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of our or our customers confidential, proprietary and other information, or otherwise disrupt our or our customers or other third parties business operations. Although we maintain safeguards to protect against these risks, we have suffered losses in the past and there can be no assurance that we will not suffer losses in the future that may be material in amount or nature. Changes in consumers use of banks and changes in consumers spending and saving habits could adversely affect our financial results. Technology and other changes now allow many consumers to complete financial transactions without using banks. For example, consumers can pay bills and transfer funds directly without going through a bank. This disintermediation could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and income generated from those deposits. In addition, changes in consumer spending and saving habits could adversely affect our operations, and we may be unable to timely develop competitive new products and services in response to these changes that are accepted by new and existing customers. Failure to implement new technologies in our operations may adversely affect our growth or profits. 

 20 
 Table of Contents 

The market for financial services, including banking services and consumer finance services, is increasingly affected by advances in technology, including developments in telecommunications, data processing, computers, automation, Internet-based banking and telebanking. Our ability to compete successfully in our markets may depend on the extent to which we are able to exploit such technological changes. However, we can provide no assurance that we will be able to properly or timely anticipate or implement such technologies or properly train our staff to use such technologies. Any failure to adapt to new technologies could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. In addition, the financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological changes, with new technology-driven products and services being frequently introduced. The changes could cause our customers to use these new services and products rather than the Bank. For example, financial technology (or fintech companies that rely on technology to provide financial services such as peer-to-peer platforms, blockchain and other distributed ledger technologies have the potential to disrupt the financial services industry and change the way banks do business. Fintech companies are subject to limited regulation. We may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in competing against products, which could impair our growth and profitability. We are subject to operational risks. The Company may also be subject to disruptions of its systems arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond our control (including, for example, computer viruses or electrical or telecommunications outages), which may give rise to losses in service to customers and to financial loss or liability. The Company is further exposed to the risk that its external vendors may be unable to fulfill their contractual obligations (or will be subject to the same risk of fraud or operational errors by their respective employees as is the Company) and to the risk that the Company s (or its vendors business continuity and data security systems prove to be inadequate. We are subject to liquidity risk. Liquidity risk is the potential that we will be unable to meet our obligations as they become due, capitalize on growth opportunities as they arise or pay regular cash dividends because of an inability to liquidate assets or obtain adequate funding in a timely basis, at a reasonable cost and within acceptable risk tolerances. A failure to adequately manage our liquidity risk could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results, especially in the event of another financial crisis. Further, the Federal Reserve could impose additional requirements on the Company if the agency determines that our enhanced liquidity risk management practices do not adequately manage our liquidity risk. Further, our liquidity could be reduced because of a decrease in the value of certain assets, including loans and investment securities, caused by increases in interest rates which could in turn reduce the amount that we are able to borrow and/or reduce the proceeds from the sale of securities in our portfolio. Our ability to borrow could also be impaired by factors that are not specific to us, such as a disruption in the financial markets or negative views and expectations about the prospects for the financial services industry in light of the recent turmoil faced by banking organizations or deterioration in credit markets. We may lose lower- cost funding sources. Checking, savings and money market deposit account balances and other forms of customer deposits can decrease when customers perceive alternatives such as other financial institutions or investments, such as the stock market, as providing a better risk/return tradeoff. If customers move money out of bank deposits and into other investments or to other financial institutions, the Bank could lose a relatively low-cost source of funds, thereby increasing its funding costs and reducing the Bank s net interest income and net income. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal and disclosure controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent or detect fraud. Effective internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent or detect fraud and to operate successfully as a public company. The Company faces the risk that the design of its controls and procedures, including those to mitigate the risk of fraud by employees or outsiders, may prove to be inadequate or are circumvented, thereby causing delays in detection of errors or inaccuracies in data and information. We regularly review and update the Company s internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures and corporate governance policies and procedures. Any system of controls, however well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system are met. Any failure or circumvention of the Company s controls and procedures or failure to comply with regulations related to controls and procedures could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. 

 21 
 Table of Contents 

Any failure to maintain effective controls or timely effect any necessary improvement of our internal and disclosure controls could hinder our ability to accurately report our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, which could affect our ability to remain listed with The NASDAQ Capital Market. Ineffective internal and disclosure controls could also harm our reputation, negatively impact our operating results or cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which likely would have a negative effect on the trading price of our securities. Changes in the financial markets could impair the value of our investment portfolio. Our investment securities portfolio is a significant component of our total earning assets. Turmoil in the financial markets could impair the market value of our investment portfolio, which could adversely affect our net income and possibly our capital. In an effort combat inflation, the Federal reserve raised rates in 2022. Interest rates increased rapidly. On December 31, 2021, the Fed funds rate was 0 to 0.25 . By June 30, 2022, the rate stood at 1.5 to 1.75 and by December 31, 2022 the rate was 4.25 to 4.5 . These increases generally had an adverse impact on the value of our securities available-for-sale portfolio. From time to time, we hold as investments certain securities that have unrealized losses. As of December 31, 2022, we had unrealized losses in our available-for-sale securities portfolio net of taxes of 26,781,000. While we currently maintain substantial liquidity which supports our intent and ability to hold these investments until they mature, or until there is a market price recovery, if we were to cease to have the ability and intent to hold these investments until maturity or if the market prices do not recover, and we were to sell these securities at a loss, it could adversely affect our net income and thereby our capital. Our deposit insurance premiums could be substantially higher in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our future earnings. The FDIC insures deposits at FDIC-insured depository institutions, such as the Bank, up to applicable limits. The amount of a particular institution s deposit insurance assessment is based on that institution s risk classification under an FDIC risk-based assessment system. An institution s risk classification is assigned based on its capital levels and the level of supervisory concern the institution poses to its regulators. Bank failures significantly depleted the FDIC s Deposit Insurance Fund and reduced the ratio of reserves to insured deposits. As a result of recent economic conditions and the enactment of the Dodd-Frank Reform Act, banks are now assessed deposit insurance premiums based on the bank s average consolidated total assets, and the FDIC has modified certain risk-based adjustments, which increase or decrease a bank s overall assessment rate. This has resulted in increases to the deposit insurance assessment rates, and thus raised deposit premiums for many insured depository institutions. If these increases are insufficient for the Deposit Insurance Fund to meet its funding requirements, further special assessments or increases in deposit insurance premiums may be required. We are generally unable to control the amount of premiums that we are required to pay for FDIC insurance. If there are additional bank or financial institution failures, we may be required to pay even higher FDIC premiums than the recently increased levels. Any future additional assessments, increases or required prepayments in FDIC insurance premiums could reduce our profitability, may limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities or otherwise negatively impact our operations. Revenues and profitability from our investment advisory business may be adversely affected by any reduction in assets under management, which could reduce fees earned. PWW, our investment advisory business derives the majority of its revenue from noninterest income, which primarily consists of investment advisory fees. Substantially all of PWW s revenues are generated from investment management contracts with clients. Under these contracts, the investment advisory fees paid to us are typically based on the market value of assets under management. Assets under management may decline for various reasons including declines in the market value of the assets, which could be caused by price declines in the securities markets. Assets under management may also decrease due to redemptions and other withdrawals by clients or termination of contracts. This could be in response to adverse market conditions or in pursuit of other investment opportunities. If the assets under management we supervise decline and there is a related decrease in fees, it will negatively affect our results of operations. We may not be able to attract and retain investment advisory clients. Due to strong competition, our investment advisory business may not be able to attract and retain clients. Competition is strong because there are numerous well-established and successful investment management and wealth advisory firms including commercial banks and trust companies, investment advisory firms, mutual fund companies, stock brokerage firms, and other financial companies. Many of our competitors have greater resources than we have. Our ability to successfully attract and retain investment advisory clients is dependent upon our ability to compete with competitors investment products, level of investment performance, client services and marketing and distribution capabilities. If we are not successful, our results of operations and financial condition may be negatively impacted. 

 22 
 Table of Contents 

The investment advisory industry is subject to extensive regulation, supervision and examination by regulators, and any enforcement action or adverse changes in the laws or regulations governing our business could decrease our revenues and profitability. As an investment advisor registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission, PWW is subject to regulation by a number of regulatory agencies that are charged with safeguarding the integrity of the securities and other financial markets and with protecting the interests of customers participating in those markets. In the event of non-compliance with regulation, governmental regulators, including the SEC, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, may institute administrative or judicial proceedings that may result in censure, fines, civil penalties, the issuance of cease-and-desist orders or the deregistration or suspension of the non-compliant broker-dealer or investment adviser or other adverse consequences. The imposition of any such penalties or orders could have a material adverse effect on the wealth management segment s operating results and financial condition. We may be adversely affected as a result of new or revised legislation or regulations. Regulatory changes have imposed and may continue to impose additional costs, which could adversely impact our profitability. If we fail to retain PWW s key employees, the growth and profitability of our investment advisory business could be adversely affected. PWW s success is, and is expected to remain, highly dependent on its executive management team as well as other key personnel because of their role in, among other things, making investment decisions for PWW clients and managing client relations. Although each of the foregoing are subject to non-compete agreements, there are no assurances that these key personnel will remain employees of PWW. Competition for investment advisory personnel is intense, and we may not be successful in attracting or retaining qualified personnel. Our failure to compete for these personnel, or the loss of the services of several of such key personnel, could adversely affect our growth strategy and seriously harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. REGULATORY AND LEGAL RISKS We are subject to extensive regulation that could limit or restrict our activities and impose financial requirements or limitations on the conduct of our business, which limitations or restrictions could adversely affect our profitability. As a bank holding company, we are primarily regulated by the Federal Reserve. The Bank is primarily regulated by the BFI and the Federal Reserve. These regulatory authorities have extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities, including the imposition of restrictions on the operation of a financial institution, the classification of assets by a financial institution and the adequacy of a financial institution s allowance for loan losses. The Company periodically reviews its policies, procedures and limits, and undertakes reporting, to ensure all guidance is appropriate for the Bank s current and planned operations and aligns with regulatory expectations. In this regard, regulatory authorities may impose particular requirements on the Bank, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Any change in such regulation and regulatory oversight, whether in the form of regulatory policy, regulations or legislation, could have a material impact on us and our operations. Further, our compliance with Federal Reserve and the BFI regulations is costly. Because our business is highly regulated, the applicable laws, rules and regulations are subject to regular modification and change. Laws, rules and regulations may be adopted in the future that could make compliance more difficult or expensive or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition or prospects. For instance, such changes may limit our growth and restrict certain of our activities, including payment of dividends, mergers and acquisitions, investments, loans and interest rates charged, interest rates paid on deposits and locations of offices. We are also subject to capital requirements by our regulators. The laws and regulations, including the Dodd-Frank Reform Act, applicable to the banking industry could change at any time, and these changes may adversely affect our business and profitability. We are subject to extensive federal and state regulation. Because government regulation greatly affects the business and financial results of all commercial banks and bank holding companies, our cost of compliance could adversely affect our ability to operate profitably. The increased scope, complexity, and cost of corporate governance, reporting, and disclosure practices are proportionately higher for a company of our size and will affect our profitability more than that of some of our larger competitors. We expect to experience increasing compliance costs related to this supervision and regulation. Also, the 2020 national election results and new administration have introduced additional uncertainty into future implementation and enforcement of the Dodd-Frank Reform Act and other financial sector regulatory requirements. Such additional regulation and supervision may increase our costs and limit our ability to pursue business opportunities. The effects of any such recently enacted, or proposed, legislation and regulatory programs on us cannot reliably be determined at this time. 

 23 
 Table of Contents 

The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau s (the CFPB ability-to-repay and qualified mortgage rules may have a negative impact on our loan origination process and foreclosure proceedings, which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. On January 10, 2013, the CFPB issued a final rule to implement the qualified mortgage provisions of the Dodd-Frank Reform Act requiring mortgage lenders to consider consumers ability to repay home loans before extending them credit. The CFPB s qualified mortgage rule, which became effective on January 10, 2014, describes certain minimum requirements for lenders making ability-to-repay determinations, but does not dictate that they follow particular underwriting models. Lenders will be presumed to have complied with the ability-to-repay rule if they issue qualified mortgages, which are generally defined as mortgage loans prohibiting or limiting certain risky features. Loans that do not meet the ability-to-repay standard can be challenged in court by borrowers who default, and the absence of ability-to-repay status can be used against a lender in foreclosure proceedings. Any loans that we make outside of the qualified mortgage criteria could expose us to an increased risk of liability and reduce or delay our ability to foreclose upon the underlying property. Any decreases in loan origination volume or increases in compliance and foreclosure costs caused by the rule could negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition. The CFPB also has adopted a number of additional requirements and issued additional guidance, including with respect to appraisals, escrow accounts and servicing, each of which entails increased compliance costs. In addition, the CFPB likely will continue to make rules relating to consumer protection, and it is difficult to predict which of our products and services will be subject to these rules or how these rules will be implemented. Compliance with the Dodd-Frank Reform Act will increase our regulatory compliance burdens, and may increase our operating costs and may adversely impact our earnings or capital ratios, or both. Signed into law on July 21, 2010, the Dodd-Frank Reform Act has represented a significant overhaul of many aspects of the regulation of the financial services industry. Among other things, the Dodd-Frank Reform Act created the CFPB, tightened capital standards, imposed clearing and margining requirements on many derivatives activities and generally increased oversight and regulation of financial institutions and financial activities. In addition to the self-implementing provisions of the statute, the Dodd-Frank Reform Act calls for over 200 administrative rulemakings by numerous federal agencies to implement various parts of the legislation. While many rules have been finalized or issued in proposed form, additional rules have yet to be proposed. It is not possible at this time to predict when all such additional rules will be issued or finalized, and what the content of such rules will be. We will have to apply resources to ensure that we are in compliance with all applicable provisions of the Dodd-Frank Reform Act and any implementing rules, which may increase our costs of operations and adversely impact our earnings or capital, or both. The Dodd-Frank Reform Act and any implementing rules that are ultimately issued could have adverse implications on the financial industry, the competitive environment and our ability to conduct business. The short- term and long-term impact of regulatory capital requirements and capital rules is uncertain . Under the capital standards, in order to be well-capitalized, the Bank is required to have a common equity to Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.5 and a Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.0 . The application of more stringent capital requirements for the Bank could, among other things, result in lower returns on invested capital, require the raising of additional capital and result in regulatory actions if we were to be unable to comply with such requirements. Furthermore, the imposition of liquidity requirements in connection with the implementation of Basel III could result in our having to lengthen the term of our funding, restructure our business models or increase our holdings of liquid assets, or all or any combination of the foregoing. Implementation of changes to asset risk weightings for risk based capital calculations, items included or deducted in calculating regulatory capital or additional capital conservation buffers, or both, could result in management modifying its business strategy, and could limit our ability to make distributions, including paying out dividends or buying back shares. Pursuant to the Regulatory Relief Act, on September 17, 2019, the federal banking agencies adopted a final rule regarding a community bank leverage ratio. Under the final rule, which was effective on January 1, 2021, depository institutions and depository institution holding companies that have less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets and meet other qualifying criteria, including a leverage ratio (equal to tier 1 capital divided by average total consolidated assets) of greater than 9 percent, will be eligible to opt into the community bank leverage ratio framework (qualifying community banking organizations). Qualifying community banking organizations that elect to use the community bank leverage ratio framework and that maintain a leverage ratio of greater than 9 percent will be considered to have satisfied the generally applicable risk-based and leverage capital requirements in the agencies capital rules (generally applicable rule) and, if applicable, will be considered to have met the well-capitalized ratio requirements for purposes of section 38 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. At this point the Bank has chosen not to opt in to the community bank leverage ratio framework. 

 24 
 Table of Contents 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR STOCK Our ability to pay cash dividends is limited, and we may be unable to pay future dividends even if we desire to do so. The Company is a legal entity, separate and distinct from the Bank and PWW. The Company currently does not have any significant sources of revenue other than cash dividends paid to it by the Bank and PWW. Both the Company and the Bank are subject to laws and regulations that limit the payment of cash dividends, including requirements to maintain capital at or above regulatory minimums. As a bank that is a member of the Federal Reserve System, the Bank must obtain prior written approval for any cash dividend if the total of all dividends declared in any calendar year would exceed the total of its net profits for that year combined with its retained net profits for the preceding two years. PWW s ability to pay dividends is likewise subject to certain limits imposed by state law. Banking regulators have indicated that Virginia banking organizations should generally pay dividends only (1) from net undivided profits of the bank, after providing for all expenses, losses, interest and taxes accrued or due by the bank and (2) if the prospective rate of earnings retention appears consistent with the organization s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. In addition, the FDIA prohibits insured depository institutions such as the Bank from making capital distributions, including the payment of dividends, if, after making such distribution, the institution would become undercapitalized as defined in the statute. Moreover, the Federal Reserve is authorized to determine under certain circumstances relating to the financial condition of a bank that the payment of dividends would be an unsafe and unsound practice and to prohibit payment thereof. The payment of dividends that deplete a bank s capital base could be deemed to constitute such an unsafe and unsound banking practice. The Federal Reserve has indicated that banking organizations generally pay dividends only out of current operating earnings. The Bank may be prohibited under Virginia law from the payment of dividends, including in the event the BFI determines that a limitation of dividends is in the public interest and is necessary to ensure the Bank s financial soundness. In addition, the Bank s ability to pay dividends will be limited if the Bank does not have the capital conservation buffer required by the capital rules, which may limit the Company s ability to pay dividends to stockholders. If the Bank is not permitted to pay cash dividends to the Company, it is unlikely that the Company would be able to pay cash dividends on our common stock. Moreover, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends only when and if declared by our board of directors. Although we currently pay cash dividends on our common stock, we are not required to do so and our board of directors could reduce or eliminate the amount of our common stock dividends in the future. A limited market exists for our common stock. Our common stock commenced trading on The NASDAQ Capital Market on January 25, 2012, and trading volumes since that time have been relatively low as compared to larger financial services companies. The limited trading market for our common stock may cause fluctuations in the market value of our common stock to be exaggerated, leading to price volatility in excess of that which would occur in a more active trading market. Accordingly, holders of our common stock may have difficulty selling our common stock at prices which holders find acceptable or which accurately reflect the value of the Company. Future offerings of debt or other securities may adversely affect the market price of our stock. In the future, we may attempt to increase our capital resources or, if our or the Bank s capital ratios fall below the required minimums, we or the Bank could be forced to raise additional capital by making additional offerings of debt or preferred equity securities, including medium-term notes, trust preferred securities, senior or subordinated notes and preferred stock. Upon liquidation, holders of any debt securities and shares of preferred stock and lenders with respect to other borrowings will receive distributions of our available assets prior to the holders of our common stock. Our stockholders may experience dilution due to our issuance(s) of additional securities in the future. We may in the future issue additional shares of our common stock to raise cash for operations or to fund acquisitions, to provide equity-based incentives to our management and employees, to permit our stockholders to invest cash dividends and optional cash payments in shares of our common stock or as consideration in acquisition transactions. Additional equity offerings and issuance(s) of additional shares of our common stock may dilute the holdings of our existing stockholders or reduce the market price of our common stock, or both. No assurances can be given that the Company will not issue additional securities that will have the effect of diluting the equity interest of our stockholders. Holders of our common stock are not entitled to preemptive rights or other protections against dilution. Virginia law and the provisions of our articles of incorporation and bylaws could deter or prevent takeover attempts by a potential purchaser of our common stock that would be willing to pay holders a premium for their shares of our common stock. 

 25 
 Table of Contents 

Our articles of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that may be deemed to have the effect of discouraging or delaying uninvited attempts by third parties to gain control of us. These provisions include the division of our board of directors into classes with staggered terms, the ability of our board of directors to set the price, terms and rights of, and to issue, one or more series of our preferred stock and the ability of our board of directors, in evaluating a proposed business combination or other fundamental change transaction, to consider the effect of the business combination on us and our stockholders, employees, customers and the communities which we serve. Similarly, the Virginia Stock Corporation Act contains provisions designed to protect Virginia corporations and employees from the adverse effects of hostile corporate takeovers. These provisions reduce the possibility that a third party could effect a change in control without the support of our incumbent directors. These provisions may also strengthen the position of current management by restricting the ability of stockholders to change the composition of the board of directors, to affect its policies generally and to benefit from actions which are opposed by the current board of directors. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2. Properties Current Locations and Property Depending on such factors as cost, availability, and location, we may either lease or purchase our operating facilities. The existing facilities that we have purchased typically have been former branches of other financial institutions. As of March 31, 2023 the Bank conducts its operations from 19 locations, of which we own 11 and lease 8. The following table describes the location and general character of our operating facilities: Address Type of Facility Year Opened Owned/Leased 5204 Fort Avenue Lynchburg, Virginia Full-service branch with drive thru and ATM 2000 Owned 4698 South Amherst Highway Madison Heights, Virginia Full-service branch with drive thru and ATM 2002 Owned 17000 Forest Road Forest, Virginia Full-service branch with drive thru and ATM Headquarters for Mortgage Division 2005 Owned 164 South Main Street Amherst, Virginia Full-service branch with drive thru and ATM 2007 Owned 1405 Ole Dominion Blvd Bedford, Virginia Full-service branch with drive thru and ATM 2008 Owned 1110 Main Street Altavista, Virginia Full-service branch with drive thru and ATM 2009 Owned 828 Main Street Lynchburg, Virginia Corporate Headquarters; Full-service branch with drive thru and ATM 2004 Leased (1) 4935 Boonsboro Road, Suites C and D Lynchburg, Virginia Full-service branch with drive thru and ATM 2006 Leased (2) 501 VES Road Lynchburg, Virginia Limited service branch 2010 Leased (3) 250 Pantops Mountain Road Charlottesville, Virginia Limited service branch 2015 Leased (4) 1391 South High Street Harrisonburg, Virginia Full-service branch with drive thru and ATM 2015 Owned 1745 Confederate Blvd Appomattox, Virginia Full-service branch with drive thru and ATM 2017 Owned 

26 
 Table of Contents 

225 Merchant Walk Avenue Charlottesville, Virginia Full-service branch with drive thru and ATM 2016 Leased (5) 3562 Electric Road Roanoke, Virginia Full-service branch with ATM 2017 Leased (6) 2001 South Main Street #107 Blacksburg, Virginia Mortgage origination office 2018 Leased (7) 550 East Water Street Suite 100 Charlottesville, Virginia Full-service branch with ATM 2019 Owned 2101 Electric Road Roanoke, Virginia Full-service branch with drive thru and ATM 2019 Leased (8) 45 South Main Street Lexington, Virginia Full-service branch with ATM 2019 Owned 13 Village Highway Rustburg, VA 24588 Full-service branch with drive thru and ATM 2019 Owned 4105 Boonsboro Road Lynchburg, Virginia Full-service branch with drive thru and ATM 2022 Owned 
 (1) The current term of the amended and restated lease expires in three years and the Bank has three five-year renewal options (subject to the terms and conditions outlined in the lease). The Bank leases this property from Jamesview Investment, LLC, which is wholly-owned by William C. Bryant III, a member of the Board of Directors of both Financial and the Bank. (2) The previous term expired on December 31, 2021. The Bank currently leases on a month-to-month basis. (3) Base lease expires May 31, 2025. We have one or more renewal options that we may exercise at our discretion subject to the terms and conditions outlined in the lease. (4) Base lease expires April 30, 2025. We have one or more renewal options that we may exercise at our discretion subject to the terms and conditions outlined in the lease. (5) Base lease expires October 31, 2026. We have one or more renewal options that we may exercise at our discretion subject to the terms and conditions outlined in the lease. (6) Base lease expires January 31, 2027. (7) Base lease expired February 28, 2021. The Bank currently leases on a month-to-month basis. (8) Base lease expires February 28, 2024. We have one or more renewal options that we may exercise at our discretion subject to the terms and conditions outlined in the lease. We believe that each of these operating facilities is maintained in good operating condition and is suitable for our operational needs. 

 27 
 Table of Contents 

Interest in Additional Properties As discussed in Management s Discussion and Analysis Expansion Plans in addition to the facilities set forth above, the Bank owns the following properties which are being held for possible expansion: real property located in the Timberlake Road area of Campbell County (Lynchburg), Virginia. The existing structure located on the property is not suitable for its intended use as a branch bank. Management anticipates that it will be necessary to raze the current structures and replace them with appropriate new construction. real property located at 1925 Atherholt Rd, Lynchburg, Virginia. The Bank purchased this property in 2021. The building currently houses all personnel of the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, PWW. PWW is currently leasing the space from the Bank on a month-to-month basis. While the Bank currently does not have a timeline for a branch at this location, the space is attractive for a branch due to its close proximity to Centra s Lynchburg General Hospital. The investment needed to upfit the property will be minimal. Management of the Bank continues to look for and evaluate additional locations for future branch growth and will consider opening an additional branch in the next 18 months if a suitable location is available on acceptable terms. The opening of all additional branches is contingent upon the receipt of regulatory approval. We will use the internet, consistent with applicable regulatory guidelines, to augment our growth plans. We currently offer online account access, bill payment, and account management functions through our website and apps for mobile devices. Item 3. Legal Proceedings There are no material pending legal proceedings to which the Company is a party or to which the property of the Company is subject. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures -- Not applicable. 

 28 
 Table of Contents 

PART II Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Prices and Dividends As of January 25, 2012, the Common Stock of Financial is traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market LLC (NASDAQ) under the symbol BOTJ. Prior to this time, the Common Stock of Financial was quoted on the Over the Counter Bulletin Board (OTCBB) under the symbol BOJF BOJF.OB on some systems) and transactions generally involved a small number of shares. As of March 31, 2023, there were approximately 4,575,038 shares of Common Stock outstanding, which shares are held by approximately 1,500 active shareholders of record. Dividend Policy The Company s future dividend policy is subject to the discretion of its Board of Directors and will depend upon a number of factors, including future earnings, financial condition, liquidity and capital requirements of both the Company and the Bank, applicable governmental regulations and policies and other factors deemed relevant by its Board of Directors. The Company is organized under the Virginia Stock Corporation Act, which prohibits the payment of a dividend if, after giving it effect, the corporation would not be able to pay its debts as they become due in the normal course of business or if the corporation s total assets would be less than the sum of its total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed, if the corporation were to be dissolved, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of any preferred shareholders. The Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from its subsidiaries. Its ability to distribute cash dividends will depend primarily on the ability of the Bank and PWW to pay dividends to it, and the Bank is subject to laws and regulations that limit the amount of dividends that it can pay. As a state member bank, the Bank is subject to certain restrictions imposed by the reserve and capital requirements of federal and Virginia banking statutes and regulations. For a discussion of these restrictions, see Supervision and Regulation of Financial Limits on the Payment of Dividends in Item 1 of this Report on Form 10-K. PWW s ability to pay dividends is subject to certain limits imposed by state law. On January 17, 2023 Financial declared a cash dividend for the fourth quarter of 2022 of 0.08 per common share. The dividend was paid on March 17, 2023 to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 3, 2023. Financial will evaluate the factors set forth above when making a determination of whether to continue to pay a cash dividend in 2023. 

 29 
 Table of Contents 

As set forth in the following table, during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, Financial repurchased no shares of common stock. Beginning Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under Plans or Programs (000 s) (1) October 1, 2022 through October 31, 2022 (2) N/A 98 November 1, 2022 through November 30, 2022 N/A 98 December 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 N/A 98 Total N/A 98 
 (1) The company repurchased no shares during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. (2) On July 19, 2022, the Company s board of directors approved a share repurchase program under which the Company was authorized to repurchase, from time to time as the Company deems appropriate, up to an aggregate of 500,000 of shares of the Company s common stock. On August 18, 2022, the Company s board of directors increased this aggregate amount available for the repurchase of shares to 1,500,000. The program, as amended, was scheduled by its terms to expire on July 18, 2023, but was terminated on February 6, 2023 when a new repurchase plan was adopted. On February 6, 2023, the Company s board of directors approved a stock repurchase plan to purchase up to 998,000 of the Company s common stock. The plan authorizes the Company to make purchases from March 8, 2023 through March 7, 2024, unless extended or sooner terminated. Purchases may be made in open market transactions or privately negotiated transactions, in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 and Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Item 6. [Reser ved] It em 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion is intended to assist readers in understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations. You should read this discussion in conjunction with our financial statements and accompanying notes included elsewhere in this report. Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc. Financial has no material operations and conducts no business other than the ownership of its operating subsidiaries, Bank of the James (and its divisions and subsidiary), and Pettyjohn, Wood White, Inc. Because Pettyjohn, Wood White, Inc. was acquired on December 31, 2021, Pettyjohn, Wood White, Inc. did not impact our operating results in 2021, the discussion primarily concerns the business of the Bank. However, for ease of reading and because our financial statements are presented on a consolidated basis, references to we, us, or our refer to Financial, Bank of the James, and their divisions and subsidiaries as appropriate. 

 30 
 Table of Contents 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This report contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements made in this document and in any documents that are incorporated by reference which are not purely historical are forward-looking statements, including any statements regarding descriptions of management s plans, objectives, or goals for future operations, products or services, and forecasts of its revenues, earnings, or other measures of performance. Forward-looking statements are based on current management expectations and, by their nature, are subject to risks and uncertainties. These statements generally may be identified by the use of words such as believe, expect, anticipate, plan, estimate, should, will, intend, or similar expressions. Shareholders should note that many factors, some of which are discussed elsewhere in this document, could affect the future financial results of Financial and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements contained in this document. These factors, many of which are beyond Financial s control, include, but are not necessarily limited to the following: the effects of a resurgence of COVID-19 or other pandemic on the business, customers, employees and third-party service providers of Financial or any of its acquisition targets; operating, legal and regulatory risks, including the effects of legislative or regulatory developments affecting the financial industry generally or Financial specifically; government legislation and policies (including the impact of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and the Consumer Protection Act and its related regulations); changes to statutes, regulations, or regulatory policies or practices, including changes to address the impact of COVID-19; economic, market, political and competitive forces affecting Financial s banking and other businesses; competition for our customers from other providers of financial services; government legislation and regulation relating to the banking industry (which changes from time to time and over which we have no control) including but not limited to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; changes in interest rates, monetary policy and general economic conditions, which may impact Financial s net interest income; changes in the value of real estate securing loans made by the Bank; adoption of new accounting standards or changes in existing standards; compliance or operational risks related to new products, services, ventures, or lines of business, if any, that Financial may pursue or implement; the risk that Financial s analysis of these risks and forces could be incorrect and/or that the strategies developed to address them could be unsuccessful; the stability of the overall banking industry in the United States; liquidity and perceived liquidity in the banking industry in the United States; economic and political tensions with China, the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine and potential expansion of combatants, and the sanctions imposed on Russia by numerous countries and private companies , all of which may have a destabilizing effect on financial markets and economic activity; and other risks and uncertainties set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10 -K and, from time to time, in our other filings with the Securities and Exchanges Commission SEC ). Other risks, uncertainties and factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements we make. These factors should be considered in evaluating the forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on such statements. Financial specifically disclaims any obligation to update factors or to publicly announce the results of revisions to any of the forward-looking statements or comments included herein to reflect future events or developments. Overview Financial is a bank holding company headquartered in Lynchburg, Virginia. Our primary business is retail banking which we conduct through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Bank of the James (which we refer to as the Bank ). We conduct four other business activities: mortgage banking through the Bank s Mortgage Division (which we refer to as Mortgage ), investment services through the Bank s Investment division (which we refer to as Investment Division ), insurance activities through BOTJ Insurance, Inc., a subsidiary of the Bank, (which we refer to as Insurance ), and subsequent to December 31, 2021, investment advisory services through the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Pettyjohn, Wood White, Inc. (which we refer to as PWW ). Although we intend to increase other sources of revenue, our operating results depend primarily upon the Bank s net interest income, which is determined by the difference between (i) interest and dividend income on earning assets, which consist primarily of 

 31 
 Table of Contents 

loans, investment securities and other investments, and (ii) interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities, which consist principally of deposits and other borrowings. The Bank s net income also is affected by its provision for loan losses, as well as the level of its noninterest income, including deposit fees and service charges, gains on sales of mortgage loans, and its noninterest expenses, including salaries and employee benefits, occupancy expense, data processing expenses, miscellaneous other expenses, franchise taxes, and income taxes. We anticipate that going forward, PWW will enhance our operating results by providing additional noninterest income (generally investment advisory fees less operating expenses). As discussed in more detail below, For the year ended December 31, 2022, Financial had net income of 8,959,000, an increase of 1,370,000 from net income of 7,589,000, for the year ended December 31, 2021; For the year ended December 31, 2022, earnings per basic and diluted common share were 1.91, as compared to earnings of 1.60 per basic and diluted common share for the year ended December 31, 2021; Net interest income increased to 29,703,000 for the current year from 27,079,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021; Noninterest income (exclusive of net gains on sales and calls of securities) increased to 13,247,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 11,209,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021; Total assets as of December 31, 2022 were 928,571,000 compared to 987,634,000 at the end of 2021, a decrease of 59,063,000 or 5.98 ; Net loans (excluding loans held for sale), net of unearned income and the allowance for loan losses, increased to 605,366,000 as of December 31, 2022 from 576,469,000 as of the end of December 31, 2021, an increase of 5.01 ; and The net interest margin increased 9 basis points to 3.23 for 2022, compared to 3.14 for 2021. The following table sets forth selected financial ratios: For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Return on average equity 15.59 11.34 Return on average assets 0.91 0.82 Dividend yield 2.29 1.75 Average equity to total average assets 5.86 7.27 
 Effect of Economic Trends A variety and wide scope of economic factors affect Financial s success and earnings. Although interest rate trends are one of the most important of these factors, Financial believes that interest rates cannot be predicted with a reasonable level of confidence and therefore does not attempt to do so with complicated economic models. Management believes that the best defense against wide swings in interest rate levels is to minimize vulnerability at all potential interest rate levels. Rather than concentrate on any one interest rate scenario, Financial prepares for the opposite as well, in order to safeguard margins against the unexpected. Between January 2018 and December 2018, the FOMC raised rates by 25 basis points four times, at which point the target rate for federal funds fed funds peaked at 2.25 to 2.50 . Beginning in July 2019, the FOMC began to decrease rates. Between July 2019 and October 2019, the FOMC decreased the target rate three times by 25 basis points. In its December 11, 2019 statement, the FOMC stated it continues to seek to foster maximum employment and price stability. The FOMC judged that the current stance of monetary policy was appropriate to support sustained expansion of economic activity, strong labor market conditions, and inflation near the FOMC s two percent objective. However, on March 3, 2020, the FOMC lowered the target range of the fed funds rate by 50 basis points in response to concerns related to risks the coronavirus posed to economic activity. Further, in response to concerns that the coronavirus could push the U.S. economy towards a recession, on March 15, 2020, the FOMC, at an emergency meeting lowered the target range of the fed funds rate by an additional 100 basis points. As of March 20, 2020, the FOMC had set a current target rate range of 0 to 0.25 . The target rate remained unchanged for the remainder of 2020 and 2021. However, as a result of COVID-19 stimulus and other factors, long term rates began to trend slightly upward in the first quarter of 2021. In response to higher inflation and supply chain issues exacerbated by the war in Ukraine, on March 17, 2022, the FOMC increased the target rate to a range of 0.25 to 0.50 . The FOMC continued to increase the target rate, including raises of 50 basis 

 32 
 Table of Contents 

points on May 5, 2022, 75 basis points on each of June 16, July 27, September 30, and November 2, 2022, 50 basis points on December 14, 2022 and 25 basis points on February 1, 2023, at which point the target rate was 4.50 to 4.75 . Prior to March 10, 2023, the FOMC had r indicated that it is likely to increase the target rate one or more times in 2023 in a continued effort to bring the rate of inflation in line with Federal Reserve s target of 2.0 . In addition, many commentators had expressed a belief e that the January 2023 inflation numbers will require multiple additional increases in the Fed funds target rate during 2023. Recent perceived instability in the banking industry caused in part by at least three regional bank failures has added uncertainty as to whether the FOMC will continue to raise the target rate. On March 22, 2023, the FOMC raised the target rate by 25 basis points, brining the target rate to 4.75 to 5.0 . The FOMC indicated that it may increase the rate by an additional 25 basis points during 2023. Critical Accounting Policies Financial s financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP). The financial information contained within our statements is, to a significant extent, based on measures of the financial effects of transactions and events that have already occurred. A variety of factors could affect the ultimate value that is obtained either when earning income, recognizing an expense, recovering an asset or relieving a liability. Actual losses could differ significantly from the historical factors that the Bank uses in estimating risk. In addition, GAAP itself may change from one previously acceptable method to another method. Although the economics of Financial s transactions would be the same, the timing of events that would impact the transactions could change. The allowance for loan losses is management s estimate of the probable losses inherent in our loan portfolio. Management considers impaired loans, historical loss experience, and various qualitative factors (both internal and external) in the Company s determination of the allowances. The Bank uses historical loss factors as one factor in determining the inherent loss that may be present in the loan portfolio. Historical and industry trends, as well as peer comparisons are also considered in the Company s ongoing evaluation of the allowance for loan losses. The allowance is based on two basic principles of accounting: (i) ASC 450, Contingencies, which requires that losses be accrued when they are probable of occurring and are reasonably estimable and (ii) ASC 310, Receivables, which requires that losses on impaired loans be accrued based on the differences between the value of collateral, present value of future cash flows or values that are observable in the secondary market and the loan balance. Guidelines for determining allowances for loan losses are also provided in the SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 102 Selected Loan Loss Allowance Methodology and Documentation Issues and the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council s interagency guidance, Interagency Policy Statement on the Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses (the FFIEC Policy Statement ). See Management Discussion and Analysis Results of Operations Asset Quality below and Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of the allowance for loan losses. Goodwill arises from business combinations and is generally determined as the excess of fair value of the consideration transferred, plus the fair value of any noncontrolling interests in the acquired entity, over the fair value of the nets assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date. Goodwill and intangible assets acquired in a business combination and determined to have an indefinite useful life are not amortized, but tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently in events and circumstances exists that indicate that a goodwill impairment test should be performed. The Company has selected September 1 of each year as the date to perform the annual impairment test. Impairment testing requires a qualitative assessment or that the fair value of each of the Company s reporting units be compared to the carrying amount of their net assets, including goodwill. If the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, an expense may be required to write down the related goodwill to record an impairment loss. Determining fair value is subjective, requiring the use of estimates, assumptions and management judgment. Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives to their estimated residual values, if any. Goodwill is the only intangible asset with an indefinite life on our consolidated balance sheet. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Year Ended December 31, 2022 compared to year ended December 31, 2021 Net Income The net income for Financial for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 8,959,000 or 1.91 per basic and diluted share compared with net income of 7,589,000 or 1.60 per basic and diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2021 . All earnings per share figures have been adjusted to reflect the 10 stock dividend paid in 2021. Note 13 of the consolidated financial statements provides additional information with respect to the calculation of Financial s earnings per share. The increase of 1,370,000 in 2022 net income compared to 2021 was due in large part to an increase in net interest income of 2,624,000 or 9.69 , an increase in wealth management fees to 3,932,000 in 2022 from 0 in 2021, and an increase in service charges, fees, and commissions to 3,591,000 in 2022 from 2,496,000 in 2021. These changes were partially offset by a decrease in 

 33 
 Table of Contents 

gains of loans held for sale to 5,256,000 in 2022 from 8,265,000 in 2021 and an increase in noninterest expense of 3,400,000, or 11.59 . These operating results represent a return on average stockholders equity of 15.59 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 11.34 for the year ended December 31, 2021 . Our return on average stockholder s equity increased because of an increase in net income and a decrease in the market value of the available-for-sale securities portfolio, which in turn decreased our equity. The return on average assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 0.91 compared to 0.82 in 2021 primarily due to the increase in net income and a decrease in total assets. Net Interest Income The fundamental source of Financial s earnings, net interest income, is defined as the difference between income on earning assets and the cost of funds supporting those assets. The significant categories of earning assets are loans, federal funds sold, interest-bearing balances at other banks, and investment securities, while deposits, federal funds purchased, and other borrowings represent interest-bearing liabilities. The level of net interest income is impacted primarily by variations in the volume and mix of these assets and liabilities, as well as changes in interest rates when compared to previous periods of operation. Interest income increased to 31,853,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 29,181,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 . This increase was due primarily to an increase in loan volume as well as an increase in the yields on average earning assets which primarily consist of loans and investment securities, as discussed below. Net interest income for 2022 increased 2,624,000, or 9.69 , to 29,703,000 from 27,079,000 in 2021. The rates charged on loans and received on investments grew faster than rates paid on deposits, which was the primary driver in the increase of our net interest income. Our interest expense increased slightly from 2,102,000 in 2021 from 2,150,000 in 2022. The average balance of interest bearing liabilities increased 9.44 from 682,089,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 746,479,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The average interest rate paid on interest bearing liabilities decreased by 2 basis points to 0.29 in 2022 from 0.31 in 2021. The net interest margin increased to 3.23 in 2022 from 3.14 in 2021. The average rate on earning assets increased 8 basis points from 3.38 in 2021 to 3.46 in 2022 and the average rate on interest-bearing deposits decreased from 0.25 in 2021 to 0.18 in 2022. The decrease was primarily caused by a decrease in average time deposits, which pay a higher rate than demand interest bearing and savings deposits, from 144,206,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 134,821,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. One of the results of the spread of COVID-19 was a sustained low interest rate environment, which negatively impacted our net interest margin in 2021. Because of Financial s asset interest rate sensitivity, we anticipate that a gradual increase in interest rates generally would have a positive impact on our results of operations. The following table shows the average balances of total interest earning assets and total interest bearing liabilities for the periods indicated, showing the average distribution of assets, liabilities, stockholders equity and related revenue, expense and corresponding weighted average yields and rates. The average balances used in this table and other statistical data were calculated using average daily balances. 

 34 
 Table of Contents 

Net Interest Margin Analysis Average Balance Sheets For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Average Average Average Interest Rates Average Interest Rates Balance Income/ Earned/ Balance Income/ Earned Sheet Expense Paid Sheet Expense /Paid ASSETS Loans, including fees (1)(2) 604,990 25,992 4.30 601,272 26,336 4.38 Loans held for sale 3,913 183 4.68 5,815 193 3.32 Federal funds sold 68,580 721 1.05 106,310 107 0.10 Interest-bearing bank balances 18,005 282 1.57 18,820 33 0.18 Securities (3) 223,137 4,628 2.07 128,886 2,459 1.91 Federal agency equities 1,251 66 5.28 1,281 67 5.23 CBB equity 116 0.00 116 0.00 Total earning assets 919,992 31,872 3.46 862,500 29,195 3.38 Allowance for loan losses (6,715) (7,223) Non-earning assets 67,230 65,197 Total assets 980,507 920,474 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Deposits Demand interest bearing 454,974 480 0.11 412,301 446 0.11 Savings 132,318 75 0.06 111,571 118 0.11 Time deposits 134,821 732 0.54 144,206 1,105 0.77 Total interest bearing deposits 722,113 1,287 0.18 668,078 1,669 0.25 Other borrowed funds Other borrowings 10,738 440 4.10 30 0.00 Financing leases 3,593 96 2.67 3,951 106 2.68 Capital Notes 10,035 327 3.26 10,030 327 3.26 Total interest-bearing liabilities 746,479 2,150 0.29 682,089 2,102 0.31 Noninterest bearing deposits 166,179 165,138 Other liabilities 10,371 6,310 Total liabilities 923,029 853,537 Stockholders equity 57,478 66,937 Total liabilities and Stockholders equity 980,507 920,474 Net interest earnings 29,722 27,093 Net interest margin 3.23 3.14 Interest spread 3.17 3.07 

35 
 Table of Contents 

(1) Net deferred loan fees and costs are included in interest income. (2) Nonperforming loans are included in the average balances. However, interest income and yields calculated do not reflect any accrued interest associated with non-accrual loans. (3) The interest income and yields calculated on securities have been tax affected to reflect any tax-exempt interest on municipal securities using the Company s applicable federal tax rate of 21 for each year. Interest income and expenses are affected by fluctuations in interest rates, by changes in the volume of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, and by the interaction of rate and volume factors. The following table shows the direct causes of the year-to-year changes in components of net interest income on a taxable equivalent basis. Volume and Rate (dollars in thousands) Years Ending December 31, 2022 2021 Change in Change in Volume Rate Income/ Volume Rate Income/ Effect Effect Expense Effect Effect Expense Loans 69 (423) (354) (376) (1,116) (1,492) Federal funds sold (24) 638 614 10 (5) 5 Interest-bearing deposits (1) 250 249 2 (58) (56) Securities 1,946 223 2,169 1,192 (132) 1,060 Restricted stock (2) 1 (1) (7) (4) (11) Total earning assets 1,988 689 2,677 821 (1,315) (494) Liabilities: Demand interest bearing 34 34 261 (467) (206) Savings 30 (73) (43) 62 (96) (34) Time deposits (67) (306) (373) (577) (1,666) (2,243) Capital notes 78 (24) 54 Financing leases (10) (10) (9) (9) Repurchase agreements and other borrowings Total interest-bearing liabilities (13) (379) (392) (185) (2,253) (2,438) Change in net interest income 2,001 1,068 3,069 1,006 938 1,944 
 Noninterest Income of Financial Noninterest income has been and will continue to be an important factor for increasing our profitability. Our management continues to review and consider areas where noninterest income can be increased. Noninterest income (excluding securities gains and losses) consists of income from mortgage originations and sales, service fees, income from life insurance, income from credit and debit card transactions, fees generated by the investment services of Investment, and since January 1, 2022, income from PWW. Service fees consist primarily of monthly service and minimum account balance fees and charges on transactional deposit accounts, treasury management fees, overdraft charges, and ATM service fees. The Bank, through the Mortgage Division originates both conforming and non-conforming consumer residential mortgages and reverse mortgage loans primarily in the Region 2000 area as well as in Charlottesville, Harrisonburg, Roanoke, Lexington, and Blacksburg. As part of the Bank s overall risk management strategy, all of the loans originated and closed by the Mortgage Division are presold to mortgage banking or other financial institutions. The Mortgage Division assumes no credit or interest rate risk on these mortgages. In addition, overall home inventory for sale decreased in our market areas. Beginning in 2013 we began operating the Mortgage Division with hybrid correspondent relationships that allow the Bank to close loans in its name before an investor purchases the loan. By using the Bank s funds to close the loan (as compared to a broker relationship in which loans are funded by the purchaser of the mortgage), the Bank is able to obtain better pricing due to the slight increase in risk. The Mortgage Division originated 798 mortgage loans, totaling approximately 213,406,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared with 1,335 mortgage loans, totaling 331,235,000 in 2021. The decrease in originations was due in large part to a rapid increase in mortgage rates during 2022, particularly the second half of the year. Loans for new home purchases comprised 75 of the total volume in 2022 as compared to 54 in 2021. The Mortgage Division s revenue is derived from gains on sales of loans held-for-sale to the secondary market. For the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Mortgage Division accounted for 

 36 
 Table of Contents 

11.65 of Financial s total revenue as compared with 20.46 of Financial s total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021 . Mortgage contributed 790,000 and 2,360,000 to Financial s pre-tax net income in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Because of the uncertainty surrounding current and near-term economic conditions, management cannot predict future mortgage rates. Management also anticipates that in the near to medium term if rates continue to stay above 5 to 6 and prices remain relatively steady or increase, refinancing opportunities will be scarce and the majority of the loan mix will continue to lean towards new home purchases and away from refinancing. Recently, the Mortgage Division has established a presence in the Wytheville market area. Management expects that the Mortgage Division s reputation in its markets and our recently-added offices and producers present an opportunity for us to continue to grow the Mortgage Division s market share and, in the longer term, revenue. Service charges and fees and commissions increased to 3,591,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 2,496,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to increases related to commissions on the sales of securities, debit card fees, and treasury management fees. Investment provides brokerage services through an agreement with a third-party broker-dealer. Pursuant to this arrangement, the third party broker-dealer operates a service center adjacent to one of the branches of the Bank. The center is staffed by dual employees of the Bank and the broker-dealer. Investment receives commissions on transactions generated and in some cases ongoing management fees such as mutual fund 12b-1 fees. Investment s financial impact on our consolidated revenue has been minimal. Although management cannot predict the financial impact of Investment with certainty, management anticipates it will continue to be a relatively small component of revenue in 2023. In the third quarter of 2008, we began providing insurance and annuity products to Bank customers and others, through the Bank s Insurance subsidiary. Insurance generates minimal revenue and its financial impact on our consolidated revenue has been immaterial. Management anticipates that Insurance s impact on noninterest income will remain immaterial in 2023. We conduct our investment advisory business through PWW, which Financial acquired on December 31, 2021. PWW is a Lynchburg, Virginia-based investment advisory firm that had approximately 650 million in assets under management and advisement at the time of the acquisition. PWW operates as a subsidiary of Financial. PWW generates revenue primarily through investment advisory fees. The investment advisory fees will vary based on the value of assets under management. Assets under management may fluctuate due to both client action and fluctuations in the equity and debt markets. Despite the potential for fluctuation, we anticipate that PWW will continue to contribute meaningfully to the Company s consolidated net income. For the year ended December 31, 2022, its first year of operations as a subsidiary of Financial, PWW had fee income of 3,932,000. For the year ended December 31, 2022 , PWW accounted for 8.72 of Financial s total revenue. In 202,1 PWW did not contribute any revenue to Financial. Noninterest income, exclusive of gains and losses on the sale and call of securities, increased to 13,247,000 in 2022 from 11,209,000 in 2021. Inclusive of gains and losses on the sale and call of securities, noninterest income increased to 13,244,000 in 2022 from 11,209,000 in 2021. The following table summarizes our noninterest income for the periods indicated. Noninterest Income (dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 2021 Gains on sale of loans held for sale 5,256 8,265 Service charges, fees and commissions 3,591 2,496 Wealth management fees 3,932 Life insurance income 452 430 Other 16 18 Loss on sales and calls of securities, net (3) Total noninterest income 13,244 11,209 
 The increase in noninterest income for 2022 as compared to 2021 was due to an increase in service charges, fees and commissions and wealth management fees and was offset by a decrease in gain on sales of loans held for sale. The increase in noninterest income was driven primarily by wealth management fees following the acquisition of PWW and an increase in overdraft fees, debit card income, which resulted from an increased volume of debit card transactions. The decrease in the gain on sales of loans held for sale was caused by an increase in mortgage loan rates. 

 37 
 Table of Contents 

Noninterest Expense of Financial Noninterest expenses increased from 29,337,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 32,737,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 . The following table summarizes our noninterest expense for the periods indicated. Noninterest Expense (dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 2021 Salaries and employee benefits 17,682 16,377 Occupancy 1,814 1,673 Equipment 2,553 2,526 Supplies 521 471 Professional and other outside expenses 2,589 2,286 Data processing 2,467 1,808 Marketing 920 934 Credit expense 923 1,103 Other real estate expenses, net 214 102 FDIC insurance expense 500 548 Amortization of intangibles 560 Other 1,994 1,509 Total noninterest expense 32,737 29,337 
 The increase in noninterest expense was due in large part to an increase in compensation and benefits, primarily related to the addition of PWW, and professional, data processing and other outside expenses, professional, data processing, and other outside expense increased primarily due to increased charges by our core service provider relating to the additional volume of transactions in 2022. Our compensation and benefits expense has a variable component related to mortgage origination, which offset some of the increase noted above due to lower mortgage volume in 2022. In addition, noninterest expense increased in part due to an increase in other expenses, primarily related to an isolated check forgery that resulted in a charge of 362,000. We have filed a proof of loss with our insurance carrier and are waiting for a coverage determination. The efficiency ratio, that is the cost of producing each dollar of revenue, is determined by dividing noninterest expense by the sum of net interest income plus noninterest income. Financial s efficiency ratio decreased from 76.62 in 2021 to 76.23 in 2022. Our efficiency ratio decreased because the increase in interest income and wealth management fees were greater than the increase in noninterest expense. This is a non-GAAP financial measure that the Company believes provides investors with important information regarding operational efficiency. No non-recurring adjustments were made to the calculation of the efficiency ratio. Income Tax Expense For the year ended December 31, 2021 , Financial had federal income tax expense of 1,862,000, as compared to a federal income tax expense of 2,151,000 in 2022, which equates to effective tax rates of 19.70 and 19.36 , respectively. Our effective tax rate was lower than the statutory corporate tax rate in 2021 and 2022 because of federal income tax benefits resulting from the tax treatment of earnings on bank owned life insurance, and certain tax-free municipal securities. Note 12 of the consolidated financial statements provides additional information with respect to our 2021 and 2022 federal income tax expense and deferred tax accounts. ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 General Our total assets were 928,571,000 at December 31, 2022 , a decrease of 59,063,000 or 5.98 from 987,634,000 at December 31, 2021 , primarily due to a decrease in federal funds sold which was partially offset by increases in securities available-for-sale, loans, net of allowance for loan losses, and other assets. As explained in more detail below, deposits decreased from 887,056,000 on December 31, 2021 to 848,138,000 on December 31, 2022 . Loans, net of unearned income and the allowance, increased to 605,366,000 on December 31, 2022 from 576,469,000 on December 31, 2021 . Loans 

 38 
 Table of Contents 

Our loan portfolio is the largest and most profitable component of our earning assets. The Bank has comprehensive policies and procedures which cover both commercial and consumer loan origination and management of credit risk. Loans are underwritten in a manner that focuses on the borrower s ability to repay. Management s goal is not to avoid risk, but to manage it and to include credit risk as part of the pricing decision for each product. The Bank s loan portfolio consists of commercial short-term lines of credit, term loans, mortgage financing and construction loans that are used by the borrower to build or develop real estate properties, and consumer loans. The consumer portfolio includes residential real estate mortgages, home equity lines and installment loans. Loans, net of unearned income and the allowance, increased to 605,366,000 on December 31, 2022 from 576,469,000 on December 31, 2021 . Total loans, including loans held for sale increased to 614,048,000 on December 31, 2022 from 585,012,000 on December 31, 2021 . The increase in total loans was in large part due to demand for commercial and residential mortgage loans. Competition for qualified borrowers remains strong. As of December 31, 2022 , the Bank had 633,000, or 0.10 of its total loans, in non-accrual status compared with 954,000, or 0.16 of its total loans, at December 31, 2021 . Management is continuing its efforts to reduce non-performing assets through enhanced collection efforts and the liquidation of underlying collateral when applicable. The Bank attempts to work with borrowers on a case-by-case basis to attempt to protect the Bank s interests. However, despite our commitment, a reduction of non-accrual loans can be dependent on a number of factors, including an increase in unemployment, adverse housing market conditions, and overall economic conditions at the local, regional and national levels. See Asset Quality below. The following table summarizes net charge-offs, average loan balance and the percentage of net (charge-offs) recoveries to average loan balance for each of the Company s loan segments at the end of the period: Loan Portfolio (dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 (Recovery of) Provision for Loan Losses Net (Charge-offs) Recoveries Average Loans Ratio of Annualized Net (Charge-offs) Recoveries to Average Loans Commercial (473) 104 101,734 0.10 Commercial real estate (810) 75 350,424 0.02 Consumer 51 (7) 94,702 -0.01 Residential 332 72 58,130 0.12 Total loans (900) 244 604,990 0.04 2021 Commercial (589) 59 126,162 0.05 Commercial real estate 15 72 326,591 0.02 Consumer 1 (9) 91,489 -0.01 Residential 73 137 57,030 0.24 Total loans (500) 259 601,272 0.04 

39 
 Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth the maturities of the loan portfolio at December 31, 2022 : Remaining Maturities of Selected Loans (dollars in thousands) At December 31, 2022 Less than One Year After One but Within Five Years After Five but Within Fifteen Years After Fifteen Years Total Commercial 16,639 41,466 16,736 21,044 95,885 Commercial real estate 15,635 16,051 134,577 187,762 354,025 Consumer 4,476 23,945 55,074 14,464 97,959 Residential 20,759 399 3,436 39,162 63,756 Total 57,509 81,861 209,823 262,432 611,625 Loans with fixed interest rates: Commercial 2,937 22,967 3,423 1,786 31,113 Commercial real estate 9,239 11,044 35,006 566 55,855 Consumer 536 13,000 17,562 9,212 40,310 Residential 15,645 399 2,706 767 19,517 Total 28,357 47,410 58,697 12,331 146,795 Loans with variable interest rates: Commercial 13,702 18,499 13,313 19,258 64,772 Commercial real estate 6,396 5,007 99,571 187,196 298,170 Consumer 3,940 10,945 37,512 5,252 57,649 Residential 5,114 730 38,395 44,239 Total 29,152 34,451 151,126 250,101 464,830 
 Deposits We experienced a decrease in deposits from 887,056,000 at December 31, 2021 to 848,138,000 at December 31, 2022, for a decrease of 4.39 . Noninterest-bearing deposits decreased 7,402,000 or 4.56 from 162,286,000 at December 31, 2021 to 154,884,000 at December 31, 2022 . The decrease in noninterest-bearing deposits was due to customers moving funds to higher rate accounts both within and outside the Bank. The decrease was offset by our growth in the Charlottesville, Harrisonburg, Roanoke, Appomattox, and Rustburg markets, as well as increased and continued efforts to procure the primary checking accounts of our commercial loan customers through offering treasury services. Interest-bearing deposits including certificates of deposit decreased 31,516,000, or 4.35 , from 724,770,000 at December 31, 2021 to 693,254,000 at December 31, 2022. 

 40 
 Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth the average deposit balances and the rates paid on deposits for the years indicated: Average Deposits and Rates Paid (dollars in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Amount Rate Amount Rate Noninterest-bearing deposits 166,179 165,138 Interest-bearing deposits Interest checking 356,160 0.09 333,974 0.10 Money market 98,814 0.15 78,327 0.15 Savings 132,318 0.06 111,571 0.11 Time deposits Less than or equal to 250,000 118,053 0.53 125,242 0.76 Greater than 250,000 16,768 0.63 18,964 0.81 Total interest-bearing deposits 722,113 0.18 668,078 0.25 Total deposits 888,292 833,216 
 The following table includes a summary of maturities of CDs greater than 250,000: Maturities of CD s Greater than 250,000 (dollars in thousands) Less than Three Months Three to Six Months Six to Twelve Months Greater than One Year Total At December 31, 2022 1,531 1,993 2,630 10,375 16,529 
 The total amount of all deposit categories in excess of the FDIC 250,000 insurance limit was 185,848,000 and 118,315,000 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents decreased from 183,153,000 on December 31, 2021 to 61,762,000 on December 31, 2022. Federal funds sold amounted to 31,737,000 on December 31, 2022 compared to 153,816,000 on December 31, 2021 . The decrease in the balance of federal funds sold is due in part to the decrease in deposits, the use of cash and cash equivalents to fund loans, and the purchase of available-for-sale securities to take advantage of increased available yields. In addition, fluctuations in federal funds sold generally are related to fluctuations in transactional accounts and professional settlement accounts. The large decrease in cash and cash equivalents in 2022 can be directly attributed to the decrease in federal funds sold. Investment Securities The investment securities portfolio of the Bank is used as a source of income and liquidity. 

 41 
 Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes the fair value of the Bank s securities portfolio for the periods indicated: Securities Portfolio (dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 2021 Held-to-maturity U.S. agency obligations 3,135 4,006 Available-for-sale U.S. treasuries 4,741 2,002 U.S. agency obligations 59,273 58,470 Mortgage - backed securities 67,842 37,438 Municipals 37,855 50,204 Corporates 16,076 13,153 Total available-for-sale 185,787 161,267 
 Deposited funds are generally invested in overnight vehicles, including federal funds sold, until approved loans are funded. The decision to purchase investment securities is based on several factors or a combination thereof, including: a) The fact that yields on acceptably rated investment securities (S P A rated or better) are significantly better than the overnight federal funds rate; b) Whether demand for loan funding exceeds the rate at which deposits are growing, which leads to higher or lower levels of surplus cash; c) Management s target of maintaining a minimum of 6 of the Bank s total assets in a combination of federal funds sold and investment securities (aggregate of available-for-sale and held-to-maturity portfolios); and d) Whether the maturity or call schedule meets management s asset/liability plan. Available-for-sale securities (as opposed to held-to-maturity securities) may be liquidated at any time as funds are needed to fund loans. Liquidation of securities may result in a net loss or net gain depending on current bond yields available in the primary and secondary markets and the shape of the U.S. Treasury yield curve. Management is cognizant of its credit standards policy and does not feel pressure to maintain loan growth at the same levels as deposit growth and thus sacrifice credit quality in order to avoid security purchases. Management has made the decision to maintain a significant portion of its available funds in liquid assets so that funds are available to fund future growth of the loan portfolio and in anticipation of rising rates. Management believes that this strategy will allow us to maximize interest margins while maintaining appropriate levels of liquidity. Securities held-to-maturity at amortized cost decreased slightly from 3,655,000 as of December 31, 2021 to 3,639,000 as of December 31, 2022 . This decrease resulted from the amortization of premiums within the held-to-maturity portfolio. The decision to invest in securities held-to-maturity is based on the same factors as the decision to invest in securities available-for-sale except that management invests surplus funds in securities held-to-maturity only after concluding that such funds will not be necessary for liquidity purposes during the term of such security. However, the held-to-maturity securities may be pledged for such purposes as short term borrowings and as collateral for public deposits. The portfolio of securities available-for-sale increased to 185,787,000 as of December 31, 2022 from 161,267,000 as of December 31, 2021 . The increase was due to the deployment of federal funds sold into fixed income securities in an attempt secure higher yields on our investments. The increase was offset in part by a decrease in the fair value of available-for-sale securities of 25,395,000 (net of tax) caused by rising interest rates. The Bank realized 11,718,000 from pay-downs related to the normal amortization of principal related to the Bank s mortgage backed securities, calls, and maturities. During 2022, the Bank sold 7,681,000 in available-for-sale securities. During 2022, the Bank purchased 76,562,000 of available-for-sale securities. 

 42 
 Table of Contents 

The following table shows the maturities of held-to-maturity and available-for-sale securities at fair value at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and approximate weighted average yields of such securities. Weighted average yields on all securities including state and political subdivision securities are shown on a pre-tax basis. Financial attempts to maintain diversity in its portfolio and maintain credit quality and repricing terms that are consistent with its asset/liability management and investment practices and policies. For further information on Financial s securities, see Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Securities Portfolio Maturity Distribution / Yield Analysis (dollars in thousands) At December 31, 2022 Less than One Year One to Five Years Five to Ten Years Greater than Ten Years Total Held-to-maturity U.S. Agency Fair value 2,131 1,004 3,135 Weighted average yield 2.88 3.25 Available-for-sale securities U.S Treasury Fair value 4,741 4,741 Weighted average yield 1.73 U.S. Agency Fair value 30,842 26,728 1,703 59,273 Weighted average yield 1.44 1.61 2.07 Mortgage Backed Securities Fair value 40 657 12,179 54,966 67,842 Weighted average yield 1.00 2.00 1.68 2.23 Municipals Fair value 790 682 10,413 25,970 37,855 Weighted average yield 2.02 1.84 2.00 2.44 Corporates Fair value 1,482 4,138 10,456 16,076 Weighted average yield 2 2.61 3.85 Total portfolio Fair value 2,312 41,060 61,907 83,643 188,922 Weighted average yield 2.08 1.61 2.07 2.31 

43 
 Table of Contents 

Securities Portfolio Maturity Distribution / Yield Analysis (dollars in thousands) At December 31, 2021 Less than One Year One to Five Years Five to Ten Years Greater than Ten Years Total Held-to-maturity U.S. Agency Fair value 2,634 1,372 4,006 Weighted average yield 2.88 3.23 Available-for-sale securities U.S Treasury Fair value 2,002 2,002 Weighted average yield 1.37 U.S. Agency Fair value 6,131 47,884 4,455 58,470 Weighted average yield 1.21 1.42 1.62 Mortgage Backed Securities Fair value 1,178 6,843 29,417 37,438 Weighted average yield 2.32 1.58 1.82 Municipals Fair value 734 1,563 7,480 40,427 50,204 Weighted average yield 2.41 1.94 1.90 2.27 Corporates Fair value 4,162 8,503 488 13,153 Weighted average yield 2.29 3.75 2.00 Total portfolio Fair value 2,736 13,033 73,345 76,159 165,273 Weighted average yield 1.64 1.74 2.06 1.93 
 Cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance The Company has funded bank-owned life insurance (BOLI) for a small group of its officers. The Company is the owner and sole beneficiary of the BOLI policies. As of December 31, 2022, the BOLI had a cash surrender value of 19,237,000, an increase of 452,000 from the cash surrender value of 18,785,000 as of December 31, 2021. The Company did not purchase any additional BOLI during 2022. With the exception of purchases, the value of BOLI increases from the cash surrender values of the pool of insurance. The increase in cash surrender value is recorded as a component of noninterest income; however, the Company does not pay tax on the increase in cash value. This profitability is used to offset a portion of current and future employee benefit costs. BOLI can be liquidated if necessary with associated tax costs. However, the Company intends to hold this pool of insurance, because it provides income that enhances the Company s capital position. Therefore, the Company has not provided for deferred income taxes on the earnings from the increase in cash surrender value. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets Goodwill arises from business combinations and is generally determined as the excess of fair value of the consideration transferred, plus the fair value of any noncontrolling interests in the acquired entity, over the fair value of the nets assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date. Goodwill and intangible assets acquired in a purchase business combination and determined to have an indefinite useful life are not amortized, but tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently in events and circumstances exists that indicate that a goodwill impairment test should be performed. The Company has selected September 1 of each year as the date to perform the annual impairment test. Intangible assets with definite useful lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives to their estimated residual values. Goodwill is the only intangible asset with an indefinite life on our balance sheet. On December 31, 2021, Financial completed its acquisition of Pettyjohn, Wood White, Inc. PWW ), a Lynchburg, Virginia-based investment advisory firm with approximately 650 million in assets under management and advisement at the time of the acquisition. PWW operates as a subsidiary of Financial. The acquisition date fair value of consideration transferred totaled 10.5 million, which was paid in cash. 

 44 
 Table of Contents 

In connection with the transaction, the Company recorded intangibles relating to customer relationships and the resultant goodwill, representing the excess of the fair value of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in accordance with the acquisition method of accounting. Other assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the combination were not significant. Refer to Note 26. Acquisitions, included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. Liquidity Liquidity represents the ability of a company to convert assets into cash or cash equivalents without significant loss, and the ability to raise additional funds by increasing liabilities. The liquidity of Financial depends primarily on Financial s current assets, available credit, and the dividends paid to it by the Bank and PWW. Payment of cash dividends by the Bank is limited by regulations of the Federal Reserve Board and is tied to the regulatory capital requirements. Management believes that Financial has sufficient liquidity to meet its current obligations. See Capital Resources, below. The objective of liquidity management for the Bank is to ensure the continuous availability of funds to meet the demands of depositors, borrowers, creditors, and others. Liquidity management involves monitoring the Bank s sources and uses of funds in order to meet the day-to-day cash flow requirements while maximizing profits. Stable core deposits and a strong capital position are the components of a solid foundation for the Bank s liquidity position. Liquidity management is made more complicated because different balance sheet components are subject to varying degrees of management control. For example, the timing of maturities of securities held-to-maturity is fairly predictable and subject to a high degree of control at the time investment decisions are made. However, net non-maturity deposit inflows and outflows are far less predictable and are not subject to the same degree of control. Funding sources for the Bank primarily include paid-in capital and customer-based deposits but also include borrowed funds and cash flow from operations. The Bank has in place several agreements that will provide alternative sources of funding, including, but not limited to, lines of credit, sale of investment securities, purchase of federal funds, advances through the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta FHLBA and correspondents, and brokered certificate of deposit arrangements. Specifically, Additional borrowings may be obtained through the FHLBA. The Bank s remaining available credit through the FHLBA was 229,637,000 as of December 31, 2022, the most recent calculation. Currently the Bank has in place pledged collateral in the amount of approximately 21,907,000 against which 0 was drawn and outstanding on December 31, 2022. Additional collateral would be required to be pledged in order for the full amount to be available. Unsecured federal funds lines and their respective limits are maintained with the following institutions: Community Bankers Bank, 13,000,000, PNC Bank 6,000,000, First National Bankers Bank, 10,000,000, and Zions Bank, 4,000,000. The Bank maintains a 5,000,000 reverse repurchase agreement with Truist Bank whereby securities may be pledged as collateral in exchange for funds for a minimum of 30 days with a maximum of 90 days. The Bank also maintains a secured federal funds line with Community Bankers Bank whereby it may pledge securities as collateral with no specified minimum or maximum amount or term. In response to the failures of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank, the Federal Reserve authorized all 12 regional reserve banks to make additional funding available to eligible depository institutions, including the Bank, through the Bank Term Funding Program (the Program in order to help assure the depository institutions that they have an additional source of liquidity to meet the needs of their depositors. Under the Program, eligible depository institutions may pledge eligible collateral (which includes direct obligations of the U.S. Department of Treasury and most federal agencies and mortgage-backed securities issued and/or fully guaranteed by Ginnie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Fannie Mae) in exchange for advances equal to 100 of the par value of the collateral pledged. The advances have a term of one year and bear interest at a fixed rate equal to the one-year overnight swap index rate plus 10 basis points. As of March, the Bank has approximately 100,000,000 of collateral available to pledge under the Program. At December 31, 2022 , liquid assets, which include cash, interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing deposits with banks, federal funds sold, and securities available-for-sale totaled 247,549,000 as compared to 344,420,000 at December 31, 2021. Management deems liquidity to be sufficient. Investment securities traditionally provide a secondary source of liquidity because they can be converted into cash in a timely manner. However, approximately 30,166,000 (current market value) of these securities are pledged to secure public deposits and 5,210,000 (current market value) are pledged to secure unfunded lines of credit. In the event any secured line of credit is drawn upon, the related debt would need to be repaid before the securities could be sold and converted to cash. 

 45 
 Table of Contents 

While we have not experienced any unusual pressure on our deposit balances or our liquidity position as a result of increased interest rates or recent turmoil in the banking system, management continues to monitor our sources and uses of funds in order to meet our cash needs and cash flow requirements while maximizing profits. Management believes that the Bank has the ability to meet its liquidity needs. The following table sets forth non-deposit sources of funding: Funding Sources (dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 Source Capacity Outstanding Available Federal funds purchased lines (unsecured) 33,000 33,000 Federal funds purchased lines (secured) 4,689 4,689 Reverse repurchase agreements 5,000 5,000 Borrowings from FHLB Atlanta (1) 229,637 229,637 Total 272,326 272,326 December 31, 2021 Source Capacity Outstanding Available Federal funds purchased lines (unsecured) 33,000 33,000 Federal funds purchased lines (secured) 7,294 7,294 Reverse repurchase agreements 5,000 5,000 Borrowings from FHLB Atlanta 235,788 235,788 Total 281,082 281,082 
 (1) Currently the Bank has in place pledged collateral in the form of 1-4 family residential mortgages in the amount of approximately 21,907,000 against which 0 was drawn and outstanding on December 31, 2022. Additional collateral would be required to be pledged in order for the full 229,637,000 to be available. At the end of 2022, approximately 29.56 , or 180,811,000 of the loan portfolio could mature or could reprice within a one-year period. At December 31, 2022, non-deposit sources of available funds totaled 272,326,000, which included 229,637,000 available from the FHLBA. Capital Resources Capital adequacy is an important measure of financial stability and performance. Management s objectives are to maintain a level of capitalization that is sufficient to sustain asset growth and promote depositor and investor confidence. Regulatory agencies measure capital adequacy utilizing a formula that takes into account the individual risk profiles of financial institutions. The guidelines define capital as Tier 1 (primarily common stockholders equity, defined to include certain debt obligations) and Tier 2 (remaining capital generally consisting of a limited amount of subordinated debt, certain hybrid capital instruments and other debt securities, preferred stock and a limited amount of the general valuation allowance for loan losses). On June 7, 2012, the Federal Reserve issued a series of proposed rules that would revise and strengthen its risk-based and leverage capital requirements and its method for calculating risk-weighted assets. The rules were proposed to implement the Basel III regulatory capital reforms from the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. On July 2, 2013, the Federal Reserve approved certain revisions to the proposals and finalized new capital requirements for banking organizations. Effective January 1, 2015, the final rules require the Bank to comply with the following minimum capital ratios: (i) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 of risk-weighted assets; (ii) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0 of risk-weighted assets; (iii) a total capital ratio of 8.0 of risk-weighted assets (unchanged from the previous requirement); and (iv) a leverage ratio of 4.0 of total assets. A capital conservation buffer requirement was phased in beginning January 1, 2016, at 0.625 of risk-weighted assets, increasing each year until fully implemented at 2.5 on January 1, 2019. The capital conservation buffer is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. Banking institutions with a ratio of common equity Tier 1 to risk-weighted assets above the 

 46 
 Table of Contents 

minimum but below the conservation buffer will face constraints on dividends, equity repurchases, and compensation based on the amount of the shortfall. Since January 1, 2019 the rules have required the Bank to maintain (i) a minimum ratio of common equity Tier 1 to risk-weighted assets of at least 4.5 , plus the 2.5 capital conservation buffer (which is added to the 4.5 common equity Tier 1 ratio, effectively resulting in a minimum ratio of common equity Tier 1 to risk-weighted assets of at least 7.0 ), (ii) a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 6.0 , plus the capital conservation buffer (which is added to the 6.0 Tier 1 capital ratio, effectively resulting in a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5 ), (iii) a minimum ratio of total capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 8.0 , plus the capital conservation buffer (which is added to the 8.0 total capital ratio, effectively resulting in a minimum total capital ratio of 10.5 ), and (iv) a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0 , calculated as the ratio of Tier 1 capital to average assets. With respect to the Bank, the rules also revised the prompt corrective action regulations pursuant to Section 38 of the FDIA by (i) introducing a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio requirement at each level (other than critically undercapitalized), with the required ratio being 6.5 for well-capitalized status; (ii) increasing the minimum Tier 1 capital ratio requirement for each category, with the minimum ratio for well-capitalized status being 8.0 (as compared to the previous 6.0 ); and (iii) eliminating the current provision that provides that a bank with a composite supervisory rating of 1 may have a 3.0 Tier 1 leverage ratio and still be well-capitalized. The capital requirements also include changes in the risk weights of assets to better reflect credit risk and other risk exposures. These include a 150 risk weight (up from 100 for certain high volatility commercial real estate acquisition, development and construction loans and nonresidential mortgage loans that are 90 days past due or otherwise on non-accrual status, a 20 (up from 0 credit conversion factor for the unused portion of a commitment with an original maturity of one year or less that is not unconditionally cancellable, a 250 risk weight (up from 100 for mortgage servicing rights and deferred tax assets that are not deducted from capital, and increased risk-weights (from 0 to up to 600 for equity exposures. Pursuant to the Regulatory Relief Act, on September 17, 2019, the federal banking agencies adopted a final rule regarding a community bank leverage ratio. Under the final rule, which was effective on January 1, 2020, depository institutions and depository institution holding companies that have less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets and meet other qualifying criteria, including a leverage ratio (equal to tier 1 capital divided by average total consolidated assets) of greater than 9 percent, will be eligible to opt into the community bank leverage ratio framework (qualifying community banking organizations). Qualifying community banking organizations that elect to use the community bank leverage ratio framework and that maintain a leverage ratio of greater than 9 percent will be considered to have satisfied the generally applicable risk-based and leverage capital requirements in the agencies capital rules (generally applicable rule) and, if applicable, will be considered to have met the well-capitalized ratio requirements for purposes of section 38 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. The Bank s regulatory capital levels exceed those established for well-capitalized institutions. The following table (along with Note 18 of the consolidated financial statements) shows the minimum capital requirements and the Bank s capital position as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 47 
 Table of Contents 

Analysis of Capital for Bank of the James (Bank only) (dollars in thousands) December 31, December 31, Analysis of Capital (in 000 s) 2022 2021 Tier 1 capital Common Stock 3,742 3,742 Surplus 22,325 22,325 Retained earnings 57,840 52,821 Total Tier 1 capital 83,907 78,888 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (CET1) 83,907 78,888 Tier 2 capital Allowance for loan losses 6,259 6,915 Total Tier 2 capital: 6,259 6,915 Total risk-based capital 90,166 85,803 Risk weighted assets 752,515 693,400 Average total assets 934,277 959,794 Actual Regulatory Benchmarks For Capital For Well December 31, December 31, Adequacy Capitalized 2022 2021 Purposes (1) Purposes Capital Ratios: Tier 1 capital to average total assets 8.98 8.22 4.000 5.000 Common Equity Tier 1 capital 11.15 11.38 7.000 6.500 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 11.15 11.38 8.500 8.000 Total risk-based capital ratio 11.98 12.37 10.500 10.000 
 (1) Includes capital conservation buffer of 2.5 , where applicable. On April 13, 2020, the Company commenced a private placement of unregistered debt securities (the 2020 Offering ). In the 2020 Offering, the Company sold and closed 10,050,000 in principal of notes (the 2020 Notes during the second and third quarters of 2020. The 2020 Offering officially ended on July 8, 2020. The 2020 Notes bear interest at the rate of 3.25 per year with interest payable quarterly in arrears. The 2020 Notes will mature on June 30, 2025 and are subject to full or partial repayment on or after June 30, 2021. The balance of the 2020 Notes as presented on the December 31, 2022 consolidated balance sheet is net of unamortized issuance costs. On September 24, 2020 the Bank used 5,000,000 of the proceeds for the payment of principal of unregistered debts securities issued by Financial in 2017. The Company has used the balance of the proceeds from the 2020 Offering for general corporate purposes. Such uses have included payment of interest on the 2020 Notes and the contribution of additional capital to the Bank. The capital ratios set forth in the above tables state the capital position and analysis for the Bank only. Because total assets on a consolidated basis are less than 3 billion, Financial is not subject to the consolidated capital requirements imposed by the Bank Holding Company Act. Consequently, Financial does not calculate its financial ratios on a consolidated basis. If calculated, the capital ratios for the Company on a consolidated basis would be slightly lower than the capital ratios of the Bank because of the Company s decision to contribute a portion of the debt offerings to the Bank. 

 48 
 Table of Contents 

Stockholders Equity Stockholders equity decreased by 19,203,000 from 69,429,000 on December 31, 2021 to 50,226,000 on December 31, 2022. The decrease was due to a decrease in the market value (mark to market) of available-for-sale securities of 32,146,000. This decrease is attributable to changes in market rates of interest rather than the credit worthiness of the issuers. Financial does not expect to realize the losses as it has the intent and ability to hold the securities until their recovery, which may be at maturity. The decrease was partially offset by net income of 8,959,000, less cash dividends paid. ASSET QUALITY We perform monthly reviews of all delinquent loans and loan officers are charged with working with customers to resolve potential payment issues. We generally classify a loan as non-accrual when interest is deemed uncollectible or when the borrower is 90 days or more past due. We generally restore a loan if i) a borrower is no longer 90 days past due on the loan and the borrower has demonstrated the capacity to repay the loan for six consecutive months or ii) the loan committee of the Board of Directors determines that a borrower has the capacity to repay the loan. Non-accrual loans decreased to 633,000 on December 31, 2022 from 954,000 on December 31, 2021 . T otal charge-offs during 2022 were 162,000 compared to 91,000 in 2021. In 2022, the Bank recovered 406,000 in loans previously charged-off as compared with recoveries of 350,000 in 2021. We also classify other real estate owned (OREO) as a nonperforming asset. OREO is the value of real property acquired by the Bank following default by the borrower. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 the Bank neither acquired nor disposed of any OREO properties and as of December 31, 2022 was carrying two (2) OREO properties at a value of 566,000, as compared to two (2) properties with a value of 761,000 as of December 31, 2021. The OREO properties are available for sale and are being actively marketed on the Bank s website and through other means. The following table represents the changes in OREO balance in 2022 and 2021. OREO Changes (dollars in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Balance at the beginning of the year (net) 761 1,105 Transfers from Loans 111 Capitalized costs Valuation Adjustment (195) Sales proceeds (368) Gain (loss) on disposition (87) Balance at the end of the year (net) 566 761 
 Non-accrual loans plus OREO decreased to 1,199,000 on December 31, 2022 from 1,715,000 on December 31, 2021, a decrease of 30.09 . We also classify troubled debt restructurings (TDRs) as both performing and nonperforming assets. We measure impaired loans based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the effective interest rate of the loan or, as a practical expedient, at the loan s observable market price or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. We maintain a valuation allowance to the extent that the measure of the impaired loan is less than the recorded investment. TDRs occur when we agree to significantly modify the original terms of a loan by granting a concession due to the deterioration in the financial condition of the borrower. TDRs are considered impaired loans. These concessions typically are made for loss mitigation purposes and could include reductions in the interest rate, payment extensions, forgiveness of principal, forbearance or other actions. Performing TDRs increased to 431,000 on December 31, 2022 from 372,000 on December 31, 2021. The following table sets forth the number of outstanding TDR contracts and the total amount of the Bank s TDRs as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 49 
 Table of Contents 

Troubled Debt Restructurings (dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 2021 Number of performing TDR contracts 1 3 Number of nonperforming TDR contracts Total number of TDR contracts 1 3 Amount of performing TDR contracts 431 372 Amount of nonperforming TDR contracts Total amount of TDRs contracts 431 372 
 The amount allocated during the year to the provision for loan losses represents management s analysis of the existing loan portfolio and credit risks. Management s policy is to maintain the allowance for loan losses at a level sufficient to absorb the probable estimated losses inherent in the loan portfolio. Both the amount of the provision and the level of the allowance for loan losses are impacted by many factors, including general economic conditions, actual and expected credit losses, loan performance measures, historical trends and specific conditions of the individual borrower. In performing its loan loss analysis, the Bank assigns a risk rating to each loan in the Bank s portfolio. The Bank s allowance for loan losses decreased 9.49 from 6,915,000 on December 31, 2021 to 6,259,000 on December 31, 2022, primarily due to a decrease in the general reserves, which led to a 900,000 recovery of loan loss provision. At December 31, 2022, the allowance for loan losses was 1.02 of total loans outstanding, versus 1.19 of total loans outstanding at December 31, 2021. A decline in historical loss experience, improved delinquency and other asset quality trends, and other net improvements in qualitative factors, including those relating to the Company s consideration of the COVID-19 pandemic, all contributed to the reduction in the Company s allowance for loan losses since December 31, 2021. There were no specific reserves recorded at either period end. Management intends to continue to be proactive in quantifying and mitigating the ongoing risk associated with all asset classes. If interest rates continue to rise and/or the U.S. economy experiences a recession, certain borrowers may experience difficulty and the level of nonperforming loans, charge-offs and delinquencies could rise and require increases in the allowance for loan losses. The process of identifying potential credit losses is a subjective process. Therefore, the Company maintains a general reserve to cover credit losses within the portfolio. No non-accrual loans were excluded from impaired loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021. If interest on these loans had been accrued, such income cumulatively would have approximated 79,000 and 177,000 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Loan payments received on non-accrual loans are applied to principal. When a loan is placed on non-accrual status there are several negative implications. First, all interest accrued but unpaid at the time of the classification is deducted from the interest income totals for the Bank. Second, accruals of interest are discontinued until it becomes certain that both principal and interest can be repaid. Third, there may be actual losses that necessitate additional provisions for credit losses charged against earnings. These loans were included in the nonperforming loan totals listed below. The following table sets forth the detail of loans charged-off, recovered, and the changes in the allowance for loan losses as of the dates indicated: The following table shows the balance and percentage of the Bank s allowance for loan losses allocated to each major category of loans: 

 50 
 Table of Contents 

Allocation of Allowance for Loan Losses (dollars in thousands) At December 31, 2022 2021 Amount Percent of Loans to Total Loans Amount Percent of Loans to Total Loans Commercial 1,102 15.68 1,471 18.01 Commercial real estate 2,902 57.88 3,637 57.97 Consumer 904 16.02 860 15.27 Residential 1,351 10.42 947 8.75 Total 6,259 100.00 6,915 100.00 
 The following table provides information on the Bank s nonperforming assets as of the dates indicated: Nonperforming Assets (dollars in thousands) At December 31, 2022 2021 Nonaccrual loans Commercial 25 Commercial Real Estate 518 640 Consumer 20 127 Residential 95 163 Total nonaccrual loans 633 955 Foreclosed Properties Commercial 695 Commercial Real Estate 500 Consumer 66 Residential 66 Total foreclosed properties 566 761 Repossessed Assets Total Nonperforming assets 1,199 1,716 Total nonperforming loans as a percentage of total loans 0.10 0.16 Total nonperforming loans as a percentage of total assets 0.07 0.10 Allowance for loan losses on loans as a percentage of nonperforming loans 989.42 724.08 Allowance for loan losses on loans as a percentage of period end loans 1.02 1.19 Total nonaccrual loans as a percentage of total loans 0.10 0.16 Allowance for loan losses on loans as a percentage of nonaccrual loans 989.42 724.08 
 The allowance for loan losses as a percentage of nonaccrual loans increased from 2021 to 2022 due to the sharp decrease in nonaccrual loans for the same periods. . 

 51 
 Table of Contents 

Interest Rate Sensitivity The most important element of asset/liability management is the monitoring of Financial s sensitivity to interest rate movements. The income stream of Financial is subject to risk resulting from interest rate fluctuations to the extent there is a difference between the amount of Financial s interest earning assets and the amount of interest-bearing liabilities that prepay, mature or reprice in specified periods. Management s goal is to maximize net interest income with acceptable levels of risk to changes in interest rates. Management seeks to meet this goal by influencing the maturity and re-pricing characteristics of the various lending and deposit taking lines of business and by managing discretionary balance sheet asset and liability portfolios. Management also is attempting to mitigate interest rate risk by limiting the dollar amount of loans carried on its balance sheet that have fixed rates in excess of five years. To reduce our exposure to interest rate risks inherent with longer term fixed rate loans, we generally do not hold such mortgages on our books. The Bank established the Mortgage Division to serve potential customers that desired fixed rate loans in excess of five years. Management monitors interest rate levels on a daily basis and meets in the form of an Enterprise Risk Management and Asset/Liability Committee ALCO meeting at least quarterly, or when a special situation arises (e.g., FOMC unscheduled rate change). The following reports and/or tools are used to assess the current interest rate environment and its impact on Financial s earnings and liquidity: monthly and year-to-date net interest margin and spread calculations, monthly and year-to-date balance sheet and income statements versus budget (including quarterly interest rate shock analysis), quarterly economic value of equity analysis, a weekly survey of rates offered by other local competitive institutions, and gap analysis which matches maturities or repricing dates of interest sensitive assets to those of interest sensitive liabilities. Financial currently subscribes to computer simulated modeling tools made available through its consultant, FinPro, Inc., to aid in asset/liability analysis. In addition to monitoring by ALCO, the board is informed of the current asset/liability position and its potential effect on earnings at least quarterly. Other Borrowings On April 13, 2020, the Company commenced a private placement of unregistered debt securities (the 2020 Offering ). In the 2020 Offering, the Company sold and closed 10,050,000 in principal of notes (the 2020 Notes during the 2 nd and 3 rd quarters of 2020. The 2020 Offering officially ended on July 8, 2020. The 2020 Notes bear interest at the rate of 3.25 per year with interest payable quarterly in arrears. The 2020 Notes will mature on June 30, 2025 and are subject to full or partial repayment on or after June 30, 2021. The balance of the 2020 Notes as presented on the December 31, 2022 consolidated balance sheet is net of unamortized issuance costs. On December 29, 2021 Financial borrowed 11,000,000 from National Bank of Blacksburg pursuant to a secured promissory note (the NBB Note ). The NBB Note bears interest at the rate of 4.00 , and is being amortized over a fifteen year period with a balloon payment of approximately 9,375,000 due on December 31, 2024. The note is secured by a first priority lien on approximately 4.95 of the Bank s common stock. The balance of the NBB Note is presented on the December 31, 2022 consolidated balance sheet under other borrowings and is net of unamortized issuance costs. A portion of the proceeds were used to purchase 100 of the capital stock of PWW. On June 30, 2022, NBB agreed to modify the terms of the NBB Note effective July 1, 2022. Pursuant to the modification, the balloon payment date was extended to December 31, 2026 from December 31, 2024 and the interest rate was lowered to 3.90 from 4.00 . The approximate amount of the balloon payment on December 31, 2026 will be 8,104,000. Financial uses borrowing in conjunction with deposits to fund lending and investing activities. Borrowings include funding of a short and long-term nature. Short-term borrowings consist of securities sold under agreements to repurchase, which are secured transactions with customers and generally mature the day following the date sold. Short-term borrowings may also include federal funds purchased, which are unsecured overnight borrowings from other financial institutions, which totaled 0 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. As set forth under Analysis of Financial Condition - Liquidity , above, the Bank has the ability to borrow funds from a number of sources. The Bank had no amounts outstanding on these facilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements At December 31, 2022, the Bank had rate lock commitments to originate mortgage loans through its Mortgage Division amounting to approximately 11,200,000 and loans held for sale of 2,423,000. The Bank recorded 117,000 in other assets in relation to its interest rate lock commitments at December 31, 2022. The Bank has entered into corresponding commitments with third party investors to sell each of these loans that close. No other obligation exists. 

 52 
 Table of Contents 

The Bank is a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. Such commitments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the balance sheets. The Bank s exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. The Bank uses the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance sheet instruments. A summary of the Bank s commitments is as follows: Contract Amounts (dollars in thousands) at December 31, 2022 2021 Commitments to extend credit 196,218 179,953 Standby letters of credit 3,606 4,335 Total 199,824 184,288 
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Because many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Bank upon extension of credit, is based on its credit evaluation of the customer. Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Bank to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Those letters of credit are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loans to customers. Collateral is required in instances which the Bank deems necessary. Management does not anticipate any material losses as a result of these transactions. The Bank rents, under non-cancelable leases eight of its banking facilities and one mortgage production office. Note 23 Leases in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements provides information on the Company s liability under the Company s leases of significance. Expansion Plans Subject to regulatory approval, the Bank anticipates opening additional branches during the next two fiscal years. Although numerous factors could influence the Bank s expansion plans, the following discussion provides a general overview of the real property the Bank is holding for potential branch expansion. Timberlake Road Area, Campbell County (Lynchburg), Virginia. As previously disclosed, the Bank has purchased certain undeveloped real property located at the intersection of Turnpike and Timberlake Roads, Campbell County, Virginia. The Bank has not determined when it will open a branch at this location. The Bank has determined that the existing structure is not suitable for use as a bank branch. The Bank estimates that the cost of improvements, furniture, fixtures, and equipment necessary to upfit the property at the undeveloped Timberlake location will be between 900,000 and 1,500,000. Atherholt Road, Lynchburg, Virginia . On December 31, 2021, the Bank purchased real property located at 1925 Atherholt Road, Lynchburg, Virginia. The building currently serves as the offices for Financial s wholly-owned subsidiary, PWW. PWW is currently leasing the space from the Bank on a month-to-month basis. While the Bank currently does not have a timeline for a branch at this location, the space is attractive for a branch due to its close proximity to Centra s Lynchburg General Hospital. Management expects that the investment needed to upfit the property will be minimal. Although the Bank cannot predict with certainty the financial impact of each new branch, management generally anticipates that each new branch will become profitable within 12 to 18 months of opening. 

 53 
 Table of Contents 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements For information regarding recent accounting pronouncements and their effect on us, see Impact of Recent Accounting Pronouncements in Note 24 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk Not applicable Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The following financial statements are filed as a part of this report: Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Consolidated Financial Statements Balance Sheets, December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Statements of Income, Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity, Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Statements of Cash Flows, Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 54 
 Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Allowance for Loan Losses General Component Qualitative Factors Description of the Matter As described in Note 2 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) and Note 5 (Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses) to the consolidated financial statements, the Company maintains an allowance for loan losses to provide for probable losses inherent in its loan portfolio. At December 31, 2022, the allowance for loan losses totaled 6.26 million. The general component of the allowance is based on historical loss experience adjusted for qualitative factors. The qualitative factors are described in Note 2 and are determined based on management s ongoing evaluation of the factors, which may impact the quality of the Company s loan portfolio. 

 55 
 Table of Contents 

Management exercised significant judgment when assessing the qualitative factors used in estimating the allowance for loan losses. We identified the assessment of the qualitative factors as a critical audit matter as auditing the qualitative factors involved especially complex and subjective auditor judgment in evaluating management s assessment of the inherently subjective estimates. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit The primary audit procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: Substantively testing management s process, including evaluating their judgments and assumptions for developing the qualitative factors, which included: 
 Evaluating the completeness and accuracy of data inputs used as a basis for the qualitative factors. Evaluating the reasonableness of management s judgments related to the determination of qualitative factors. Evaluating the qualitative factors for directional consistency and for reasonableness. Testing the mathematical accuracy of the allowance calculation, including the application of the qualitative factors. /s/ Yount, Hyde Barbour, P.C. We have served as the Company s auditor since 2006. Winchester, Virginia March 31, 2023 

 56 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (dollars in thousands, except per share data) _____________________________________________________________________________ 

December 31, December 31, Assets 2022 2021 Cash and due from banks Federal funds sold Total cash and cash equivalents Securities held-to-maturity, at amortized cost (fair value of in 2022 and in 2021) Securities available-for-sale, at fair value Restricted stock, at cost Loans, net of allowance for loan losses of in 2022 and in 2021 Loans held for sale Premises and equipment, net Interest receivable Cash value - bank owned life insurance Other real estate owned Customer relationship intangibles Goodwill Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Deposits Noninterest bearing demand NOW, money market and savings Time deposits Total deposits Capital notes Other borrowings Interest payable Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Stockholders equity Preferred stock; authorized shares; issued and outstanding - - Common stock par value; authorized shares; issued and outstanding and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Additional paid-in-capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

57 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

eattle@97 For the Year Ended December 31, Interest Income 2022 2021 Loans Securities US Government and agency obligations Mortgage backed securities Municipals - taxable Municipals - tax exempt Dividends Other (Corporates) Interest bearing deposits Federal Funds sold Total interest income Interest Expense Deposits NOW, money market savings Time Deposits Finance leases Capital notes Other borrowings - Total interest expense Net interest income Recovery of loan losses Net interest income after recovery of loan losses Noninterest income Gain on sales of loans held for sale Service charges, fees and commissions Wealth management fees - Life insurance income Other Loss on sales and calls of securities, net - Total noninterest income Noninterest expenses Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy Equipment Supplies Professional and other outside expenses Data processing Marketing Credit expense Other real estate expenses, net FDIC insurance expense Amortization of intangibles - Other Total noninterest expenses Income before income taxes 

58 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Income tax expense Net Income Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted Earnings per common share - basic and diluted 

59 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (dollars in thousands) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net Income Other comprehensive loss: Unrealized losses on securities available-for-sale Tax effect Reclassification adjustment for losses included in net income (1) - Tax effect (2) - Other comprehensive loss, net of tax Comprehensive (loss) income 
 (1) (2) 

 60 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (dollars in thousands except per share amounts) 

Accumulated Additional Other Shares Common Paid-in Retained Comprehensive Outstanding Stock Capital Earnings (Loss) Income Total Balance at December 31, 2020 Net Income - - - - Dividends paid on common stock per share) - - - - Repurchase of common stock - - 10 Stock dividend - - Cash in lieu of fractional shares - - - Other comprehensive loss - - - - Balance at December 31, 2021 Net Income - - - - Dividends paid on common stock per share) - - - - Repurchase of common stock - - Other comprehensive loss - - - - Balance at December 31, 2022 

61 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (dollars in thousands) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net Income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock based compensation expense - Net amortization and accretion of premiums and discounts on securities Amortization of debt issuance costs Loss on sales of available-for-sale securities - Gain on sales of loans held for sale Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale Origination of loans held for sale Recovery of loan losses Loss on sale of other real estate owned - Impairment of other real estate owned - Gain on sales of equipment - (Benefit) expense for deferred income taxes Bank owned life insurance income (Increase) decrease in interest receivable (Increase) decrease in other assets Increase (decrease) in interest payable Amortization of intangibles - (Decrease) increase in other liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Purchases of securities available-for-sale Proceeds from maturities, calls and paydowns of securities available-for-sale Proceeds from sale of securities available-for-sale - Purchases of bank owned life insurance - (Redemption) purchase of Federal Home Loan Bank stock Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned - Origination of loans, net of principal collected Cash paid in acquistion, net of cash received Purchases of premises and equipment Proceeds from sale of equipment - Purchase of other investments Net cash (used in) investing activities Cash flows from financing activities Net (decrease) increase in deposits Principal payments on finance lease obligations Repurchase of common stock Cash in lieu of fractional shares - Dividends paid to common stockholders Proceeds from bank loan - Principal payments on bank loan - 

62 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (dollars in thousands) 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Non cash transactions Transfer of loans to other real estate owned - Fair value adjustment for securities available-for-sale Cash transactions Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Transactions related to acquistion: Assets acquired, net of cash received - Liabilities assumed - 

63 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

divisions, Bank of the James Mortgage division Mortgage Division and BOTJ Investment Services division Investment Division ). On December 31, 2021, Financial acquired all of the issued and outstanding stock of Pettyjohn, Wood White, Inc. PWW through which it conducts its investment advisory business. The Mortgage Division originates conforming and non-conforming home mortgages in the Region 2000 area, which includes the counties of Amherst, Appomattox, Bedford and Campbell (which includes the Town of Altavista and the county seat in Rustburg), the Town of Bedford and the City of Lynchburg, Virginia, as well as the cities of Charlottesville, Harrisonburg, Lexington, Roanoke, and Blacksburg. Financial exists primarily for the purpose of holding the stock of its subsidiaries, the Bank and such other subsidiaries as it may acquire or establish. Financial also has wholly-owned non-operating subsidiary. Bank of the James was incorporated on October 23, 1998, and began banking operations on July 22, 1999. The Bank is a Virginia chartered bank and is engaged in lending and deposit gathering activities in Region 2000 and other markets in Central Virginia and the Shenandoah Valley. It operates under the laws of Virginia and the Rules and Regulations of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The Bank s locations consist of branches of which is a limited service branch) in Lynchburg, Virginia, in Forest, Virginia which includes the Mortgage Division, in Madison Heights, Virginia, in the Town of Amherst, Virginia, in the Town of Bedford, Virginia, in the Town of Altavista, Virginia, and in the Town of Appomattox. Outside of Region 2000, the Bank also operates full-service branches and limited-service branch in Charlottesville, Virginia, a full-service branch in Harrisonburg, Virginia, two full-service branches in Roanoke, Virginia, a full-service branch in Rustburg, Virginia, a full-service branch in Lexington, Virginia and a mortgage origination office in Blacksburg, Virginia. 

 64 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. Generally, federal funds are purchased and sold for one-day periods. 
 
 65 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

days past due unless the credit is well-secured and in process of collection. At the time the loan is placed on non-accrual status, all previously accrued but not collected interest is reversed against interest income. While the loan is classified as non-accrual, any payments collected are accounted for using the cost-recovery method which requires the entire amount of the payment to be applied directly to principal, until qualifying for return to performing status. Loans may be, but are not always, returned to performing status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current (within 90 days past due), future payments are reasonably assured, and contractually required payments have been made on a timely basis for at least six consecutive months. days whereas consumer revolving credit loans are typically charged-off no later than days. Although the goal for commercial and commercial real estate loans is for charge off no later than days, a 
 
 66 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

PPP loans with outstanding balances totaling million. As compensation for originating the loans, the Company received lender processing fees from the SBA, which were deferred, along with the related loan origination costs. These net fees were accreted to interest income over the lives of the loans until they were forgiven bhy the SBA. As of December 31, 2022 there were longer any PPP loans outstanding. 
 
 67 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(unless related to another classified relationship or a TDR) with a risk rating of substandard, doubtful, and loss (our internal risk ratings of 7 through 9). In accordance with current accounting rules (ASC 450), the Bank examines historical charge-off data by segment in order to determine historical loss rates which are applied to specific pools of loans which carry similar risk characteristics. The Bank updates its historical charge-off data quarterly and adjusts the reserve accordingly. The Bank assesses various qualitative factors to adjust the historical loss rates described above to management s estimate of probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date. Such factors include levels and trends of delinquent and non-accrual loans, economic conditions, trends in charge-offs, loan concentrations, lending policies and procedures, lending management, changes in the value of underlying collateral, the effect of external factors such as legal and regulatory requirements, and other factors, as deemed appropriate. and classified as TDRs as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 68 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

to years for equipment and to years for buildings and improvements. Leasehold improvements are amortized over a term which is the shorter of their useful life or the remaining lease term. Land is carried at cost and is not depreciable. Expenditures for major renewals and betterments are capitalized and those for maintenance and repairs are charged to operating expenses as incurred. 
 
 69 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

business segments, community banking, mortgage banking, and investment advisory services. The community banking segment includes both commercial and consumer lending and provides customers such products as commercial loans, real estate loans, and other business financing and consumer loans. In addition, this segment provides customers with several choices of deposit products, including demand deposit accounts, savings accounts and certificates of deposit. The mortgage banking segment engages primarily in the origination of residential mortgages for sale into the secondary market. The investment advisory segment provides investment management for a fee through PWW. For addition information, refer to Note 9 Business Segments. liabilities recorded for unrecognized tax benefits. 
 
 70 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

71 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 2 - Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) Goodwill and Intangible Assets Goodwill is subject to at least an annual assessment for impairment. Additionally, acquired intangible assets (such as customer relationship intangibles) are separately recognized if the benefit of the assets can be sold, transferred, licensed, rented, or exchanged, and amortized over their useful lives. The cost of customer relationships, based on independent valuation, are being amortized over their estimated lives of fifteen years. The Company records as goodwill the fair value of the consideration transferred, plus the fair value of any noncontrolling interests in the acquiree, over the fair value of the net assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date. The Company will review the carrying value of the goodwill at least annually or more frequently if certain impairment indicators exist. In testing goodwill for impairment, the Company may first consider qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances lead to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If, after assessing the totality of events and circumstances, we conclude that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is not less than its carrying amount, then no further testing is required and the goodwill of the reporting unit is not impaired. If the Company elects to bypass the qualitative assessment or if we conclude that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then the fair value of the reporting unit is compared with its carrying value to determine whether an impairment exists. The Company has selected September 1 of each year as the date to perform the annual impairment test. Based upon Financial s qualitative assessment in September 2022, it was concluded that no impairment was present. and for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 72 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Available-for-sale U.S. Treasuries U.S. agency obligations Mortgage-backed securities Municipals Corporates 
 December 31, 2021 Amortized Gross Unrealized Fair Cost Gains Losses Value Held-to-maturity U.S. agency obligations Available-for-sale U.S. Treasuries U.S. agency obligations Mortgage-backed securities Municipals Corporates 
 Temporarily Impaired Securities The following tables show the gross unrealized losses and fair value of the Bank s investments with unrealized losses that are not deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position, at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

 73 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Available-for-sale U.S. Treasuries U.S. agency obligations Mortgage-backed securities Municipals Corporates Total temporarily impaired securities 
 December 31, 2021 Less than 12 months More than 12 months Total Fair Unrealized Fair Unrealized Fair Unrealized Value Losses Value Losses Value Losses Held-to-maturity U.S. agency obligations Available-for-sale U.S. Treasuries U.S. agency obligations Mortgage-backed securities Municipals Corporates Total temporarily impaired securities 
 U.S. Treasuries and agency obligations. The unrealized losses on the investments in U.S. agency obligations at December 31, 2022 were caused by an increase in interest rates. The contractual terms of those investments do not permit the issuer to settle the securities at a price less than the amortized cost bases of the investments. Because the Bank does not intend to sell the investments and it is likely that the Bank will not be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost bases, which may be maturity, the Bank does not consider those investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at December 31, 2022. Each of these investments carries an S P investment grade rating of AA or better. Mortgage-backed securities. The unrealized losses on the investments in U.S. government agency mortgage-backed securities at December 31, 2022 were caused by an increase in interest rates. The contractual terms of those investments does not permit the issuer to settle the securities at a price less than the amortized cost basis of the investments. Because the Bank does not intend to sell the investments and it is likely 
 
 74 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

investments carries an S P investment grade rating of AAA. Municipals. The unrealized losses on the investments in municipal obligations at December 31, 2022 were caused by an increase in interest rates. The contractual terms of those investments do not permit the issuer to settle the securities at a price less than the amortized cost bases of the investments. Because the Bank does not intend to sell the investments and it is likely that the Bank will not be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost bases, which may be maturity, the Bank does not consider those investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at December 31, 2022. Each of these investments carries an S P investment grade rating of AA or above. Corporates. The unrealized losses on investments in domestic corporate issued securities at December 31, 2022 were caused by an increase in interest rates. The contractual terms of those investments do not permit the issuers to settle the securities at a price less than the amortized cost basis of the investments. Because the Bank does not intend to sell the investments and it is likely that the Bank will not be required to sell the investments before recovery of the amortized cost basis, which may be maturity, the Bank does not consider these investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at December 31, 2022. Each of these investments carries an S P investment grade rating of BBB or above. The amortized costs and fair values of securities at December 31, 2022, by contractual maturity, are shown below. Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years 
 The Bank received and in proceeds from sales of securities available-for-sale in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Gross realized gains amounted to in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Gross realized losses amounted to and in 2022 and 2021, respectively. and , respectively, were pledged as collateral for public deposits and for other purposes as required or permitted by law. 

 75 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

76 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

77 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

78 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Commercial real estate Consumer Residential Total loans (1) Less allowance for loan losses Net loans 
 (1) Includes net deferred costs/premiums of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The amounts of overdrafts reclassified as loans were and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company s officers, directors and their related interests have various types of loan relationships with the Bank. The total outstanding balances of these related party loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and respectively. The beginning balance was adjusted during 2022 to include in loans to two new executive officers that were not included as related-party loans at the end of 2021. During 2022, new loans and advances amounted to and repayments amounted to . 
 
 79 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Commercial Real Estate: Commercial Mortgages-Owner Occupied Commercial Mortgages-Non-Owner Occupied Commercial Construction Consumer Consumer Unsecured Consumer Secured Residential: Residential Mortgages Residential Consumer Construction Totals 

80 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

- Commercial Real Estate Commercial Mortgages-Owner Occupied - Commercial Mortgage Non-Owner Occupied - Commercial Construction - - - - - Consumer Consumer Unsecured - - - - - Consumer Secured - Residential Residential Mortgages - Residential Consumer Construction - - - - - With an Allowance Recorded: Commercial - - - - - Commercial Real Estate Commercial Mortgages-Owner Occupied - - - - - Commercial Mortgage Non-Owner Occupied - - - - - Commercial Construction - - - - - Consumer Consumer Unsecured - - - - - Consumer Secured - - - - - Residential Residential Mortgages - - - - - Residential Consumer Construction - - - - - Totals: Commercial - - - - Commercial Real Estate Commercial Mortgages-Owner Occupied - Commercial Mortgage Non-Owner Occupied - Commercial Construction - - - - - Consumer Consumer Unsecured - - - - - Consumer Secured - Residential Residential Mortgages - Residential Consumer Construction - - - - - - 

81 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

- Commercial Real Estate Commercial Mortgages-Owner Occupied - Commercial Mortgage Non-Owner Occupied - Commercial Construction - - - - - Consumer Consumer Unsecured - - - - - Consumer Secured - Residential Residential Mortgages - Residential Consumer Construction - - - - - With an Allowance Recorded: Commercial - - - - Commercial Real Estate Commercial Mortgages-Owner Occupied - - - - - Commercial Mortgage Non-Owner Occupied - - - - - Commercial Construction - - - - - Consumer Consumer Unsecured - - - - - Consumer Secured - - - - - Residential Residential Mortgages - - - - - Residential Consumer Construction - - - - - Totals: Commercial - Commercial Real Estate Commercial Mortgages-Owner Occupied - Commercial Mortgage Non-Owner Occupied - Commercial Construction - - - - - Consumer Consumer Unsecured - - - - - Consumer Secured - Residential Residential Mortgages - Residential Consumer Construction - - - - - - 

82 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 5 - Loans and allowance for loan losses (continued) The following tables set forth the allowance for loan losses activity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Charge-Offs - - Recoveries Provision (recovery of provision) Ending Balance Ending Balance: Individually evaluated for impairment - - - - - Ending Balance: Collectively evaluated for impairment Totals: Financing Receivables: Ending Balance: Individually evaluated for impairment - Ending Balance: Collectively evaluated for impairment Totals: 

83 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Charge-Offs - - Recoveries Provision (recovery of provision) Ending Balance Ending Balance: Individually evaluated for impairment - - - - - Ending Balance: Collectively evaluated for impairment Totals: Financing Receivables: Ending Balance: Individually evaluated for impairment Ending Balance: Collectively evaluated for impairment Totals: 

84 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Commercial Real Estate: Commercial Mortgages-Owner Occupied Commercial Mortgages-Non-Owner Occupied Commercial Construction Consumer: Consumer Unsecured Consumer Secured Residential: Residential Mortgages Residential Consumer Construction Total 
 Age Analysis of Past Due Loans as of December 31, 2021 Recorded Investment 2021 30-59 Days 60-89 Days Greater than Total Past Total > 90 Days Past Due Past Due 90 Days Due Current Loans Accruing Commercial Commercial Real Estate: Commercial Mortgages-Owner Occupied Commercial Mortgages-Non-Owner Occupied Commercial Construction Consumer: Consumer Unsecured Consumer Secured Residential: Residential Mortgages Residential Consumer Construction Total 

85 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Commercial Real Estate: Commercial Mortgages-Owner Occupied Commercial Mortgages-Non-Owner Occupied Commercial Construction Consumer Consumer Unsecured Consumer Secured Residential: Residential Mortgages Residential Consumer Construction Totals 
 Credit Quality Information - by Class December 31, 2021 2021 Pass Monitor Special Substandard Doubtful Totals Mention Commercial Commercial Real Estate: Commercial Mortgages-Owner Occupied Commercial Mortgages-Non-Owner Occupied Commercial Construction Consumer Consumer Unsecured Consumer Secured Residential: Residential Mortgages Residential Consumer Construction Totals 

86 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

loan modification during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 that was classified as a Troubled Debt Restructuring (TDR). The commercial owner-occupied real estate loan was modified to allow for multiple payment deferrals. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 there loan modifications classified as TDRs. Loans that were previously classified as TDRs in prior periods and currently outstanding are factored into the determination of the allowance for loan losses and are included in the Bank s impaired loan analysis and individually evaluated for impairment. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Bank had outstanding commitments to disburse additional funds on loans classified as TDRs. loan modifications classified as TDRs within the last twelve months that defaulted (90 days past due) during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. and respectively and was comprised of non-residential properties associated with commercial relationships. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively, there were consumer mortgage loans secured by residential real estate that were in the process of foreclosure. The following table represents the changes in OREO balance in 2022 and 2021. Transfers from Loans Capitalized costs Valuation adjustments Sales Loss on sales Balance at the end of the year 
 residential properties being carried in OREO as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 87 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Building and improvements Property for future expansion Furniture and equipment Leasehold improvements Software Less accumulated depreciation Net premises and equipment 
 Total depreciation and amortization expense related to premises and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively . Interest bearing Savings Time, 250,000 or more Other time 

88 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2024 2025 2026 2027 and thereafter 
 The Bank held deposits from the Company s officers, directors and their related interests of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. reportable business segments: (i) a traditional full-service community banking segment, (ii) a mortgage loan origination business, and (iii) a registered investment advisory business (sometimes referred to as the wealth management business). The community banking business segment includes Bank of the James which provides loans, deposits, investments and insurance to retail and commercial customers throughout Region 2000 and other areas within Central Virginia. The mortgage segment provides a variety of mortgage loan products principally within Region 2000. Mortgage loans are originated and sold in the secondary market through purchase commitments from investors with servicing released. Because of the pre-arranged purchase commitments, there is minimal risk to the Company. The investment advisory business offers investment advisory services through Financial s wholly-owned subsidiary, Pettyjohn, Wood White, Inc. All of the Company s reportable segments are service based. The mortgage business is a gain on sale business and the investment advisory business is fee for service based, while the Bank s primary source of revenue is net interest income. The Bank also provides a referral network for the mortgage origination business and the investment advisory business. The mortgage business may also be in a position to refer its customers to the Bank for banking services when appropriate. 

 89 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

- - (Recovery of) loan losses - - Net interest income after (recovery of) loan losses - - Noninterest income Noninterest expenses Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Total assets as of December 31, 2022 For the year ended December 31, 2021 Net interest income - - Provision for loan losses - - Net interest income after provision for loan losses - - Noninterest income - Noninterest expenses - Income before income taxes - Income tax expense - Net income - Total assets as of December 31, 2021 - 
 in principal of notes (the 2020 Notes during the 2 nd and 3 rd quarters of 2020. The 2020 Offering officially ended on July 8, 2020. The 2020 Notes bear interest at the rate of per year with interest payable quarterly in arrears. The 2020 Notes will mature on and are currently subject to full or partial call by the Company on thirty days notice. The balance of the 2020 Notes as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is presented net of unamortized issuance costs on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. On September 24, 2020 the Bank used of the proceeds for the payment of principal of the Company s previously outstanding notes that were issued in 2017. The Company intends to use the balance of the proceeds from the 2020 Offering for general corporate purposes in the discretion of Company s 

 90 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

, Zions Bank, , PNC Bank, and First National Bankers Bank, . In addition, the Bank maintains a reverse repurchase agreement with Truist whereby securities may be pledged as collateral in exchange for funds for a minimum of days with a maximum of days. The Bank also maintains a secured federal funds line with Community Bankers Bank whereby it may pledge securities as collateral with no specified minimum or maximum amount or term. The current amount available on the secured line based on the securities currently pledged is . The Bank is also a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta FHLBA ). The Bank s available credit through the FHLBA was as of December 31, 2022, the most recent calculation. The Bank must pledge collateral in order to access the FHLBA available credit. Currently the Bank has pledged to the FHLBA approximately in 1-4 family residential mortgages which, after adjustments for the loan-to-value requirements by the FHLBA, would allow the Bank to access up to in credit without pledging any additional collateral. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 there were outstanding balances on any of the credit facilities mentioned above. On December 29, 2021, Financial borrowed from National Bank of Blacksburg (NBB) pursuant to a secured promissory note (the NBB Note ). Prior to the modification discussed below, the NBB Note bore interest at the rate of , and was being amortized over a period with a balloon payment of approximately due on December 31, 2024. The note is secured by a first priority lien on approximately of the Bank s common stock. The balance of the NBB Note is presented on the Consolidated Balance Sheets under other borrowings and is net of unamortized issuance costs. A portion of the proceeds were used to purchase of the capital stock of PWW. On June 30, 2022, NBB agreed to modify the terms of the NBB Note effective July 1, 2022. Pursuant to the modification, the balloon payment date was extended to from and the interest rate was lowered to from . The approximate amount of the balloon payment on December 31, 2026 will be . 

 91 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Deferred federal income tax (benefit) expense Income tax expense 
 Income tax expense differed from amounts computed by applying the U.S. Federal income tax rate of to income before income tax expense as a result of the following: Increase (reduction) in income tax resulting from: Non-taxable income Non-deductible expenses Other Income tax expense 
 The tax effects of temporary differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities as presented below: 
 
 92 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Allowance for loan losses Unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities OREO Non-accrual interest Deferred Compensation Other Gross deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities Right-of-use assets Depreciation Intangibles Other Gross deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax asset 
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding - basic and diluted Earnings per common shares - basic and diluted 

93 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

outstanding RSUs as of December 31, 2022. There were potentially dilutive shares outstanding in 2022 and 2021. Consequently, the weighted average shares and weighted average diluted shares were identical. Weighted average and per share amounts for all periods have been adjusted to reflect a stock dividend declared on May 18, 2021. of pretax annual compensation or the maximum allowed under Section 401(g) of the Internal Revenue Code, whichever is less. The Company contributed and to the plan on behalf of the employees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan . A Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP) was established to provide participating executives (as determined by the Company s Board of Directors) with benefits that cannot be provided under the 401(k) as a result of limitations imposed by the Internal Revenue Code. The SERP will also provide benefits to eligible employees or their survivors, as applicable, if they die, retire, or are terminated under certain circumstances. SERP expense totaled and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The related liability totaled and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company funds the plan through a modified endowment contract. Income recorded for the plan represents life insurance income as recorded based on the projected increases in cash surrender values of life insurance policies. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the life insurance policies had cash surrender values of approximately and , respectively. Employee Stock Purchase Plan . The Company adopted an Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP in 2018 in which all employees are eligible to participate. The plan allows employees to use a portion of their salaries and wages to purchase shares of the Company common stock at the market value of shares on a monthly basis. The Company makes contributions to the ESPP. The Company may issue common shares to plan participants or purchase common shares on the open market. Common shares are purchased on the open market at a price based on the weighted average price of all shares purchased by the broker-dealer on the open market from each aggregate order placed by the Plan Administrator. common shares in connection with the ESPP during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. shares of common stock for awards to key employees of the Company and its 

 94 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

restricted stock units. The recipients of restricted stock units do not receive shares of the Company s stock immediately, but instead receive shares, or cash compensation, or some combination of the two, upon satisfying the requisite service period specified by the terms and conditions of the grant. Additionally, the recipients of restricted stock units do not enjoy the same rights as other holders of the Company s common stock until the units have vested and as such, they do not have voting rights or rights to nonforfeitable dividends. The related compensation expense is based on the fair value of the Company s stock. Shares vested over years in thirds with the first one-third vesting one year from the grant date. The total expense recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in connection with the restricted stock unit awards was approximately and in each year, respectively. There were forfeitures during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. There were new grants in the year ended December 31, 2022. The fair value of shares which vested in 2022 and 2021 was and ,respectively. At December 31, 2022, there was remaining unrecognized stock-based compensation expense remaining as all awards have vested and were cash settled. common shares to the DRIP during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 95 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and is applicable for the Common Equity Tier 1, Tier 1, and Total Capital Ratios. As of December 31, 2022, the most recent notification from the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond categorized the Bank as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. There are no conditions or events since that notification that management believes have changed the Bank s category. To be categorized as well capitalized under the prompt corrective action regulations, the Bank must maintain minimum total risk-based, CET1, Tier 1 risk-based and Tier 1 leverage ratios as set forth in the following table. 
 
 96 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

> > Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) > > Common Equity Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) > > Tier 1 capital (leverage) (to average assets) > > 
 (1) Includes capital conservation buffer of where applicable. December 31, 2021 To Be Well Capitalized Under Minimum Capital Prompt Corrective Actual Requirement Action Provisions Amount Ratio Amount Ratio (1) Amount Ratio Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) > > Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) > > Common Equity Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) > > Tier 1 capital (leverage) (to average assets) > > 
 (1) Includes capital conservation buffer of where applicable. 
 
 97 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

billion, Financial is not subject to the consolidated capital requirements imposed by the Bank Holding Company Act. Consequently, Financial does not calculate its financial ratios on a consolidated basis. If calculated, the capital ratios for the Company on a consolidated basis would no longer be comparable to the capital ratios of the Bank because the proceeds of the private placement do not qualify as equity capital on a consolidated basis. and loans held for sale of . The Bank has entered into corresponding commitments with third party investors to sell each of these loans that close. No other obligation exists. 

 98 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Standby letters of credit 
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Bank to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Those guarantees are primarily issued to support private borrowing arrangements. The credit risk involved in issuing standby letters of credit is generally less than that involved in extending loans to customers because the Bank generally holds deposits equal to the commitment. Management does not anticipate any material losses as a result of these transactions. which consisted of the total balances in account at the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta (FHLBA), as well as the balances (all net of FDIC coverage) held in account at Community Bankers Bank, account at Truist Bank, account at Zions Bank, one account held at First National Bankers Bank, and one account held at PNC Bank. Uninsured cash balances as of December 31, 2021 were approximately which consisted of the total balances in the same accounts referenced for 2022 above. 

 99 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

100 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

101 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

U.S. agency obligations Mortgage-backed securities Municipals Corporates Total available-for-sale securities IRLCs asset Total assets at fair value 
 Fair Value at December 31, 2021 Quoted Prices Significant Significant in Active Other Unobservable Balance as of Markets for Observable Inputs December 31, Identical Assets Inputs (Level 3) Description 2021 (Level 1) (Level 2) U.S. Treasuries U.S. agency obligations Mortgage-backed securities Municipals Corporates Total available-for-sale securities IRLCs asset Total assets at fair value 

102 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Market approach Range of pull through rate Quantitative information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements for December 31, 2021 (dollars in thousands) Fair Value Valuation Technique(s) Unobservable Input Range (Weighted Average) Assets IRLCs - asset Market approach Range of pull through rate 
 Assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Loans held for sale Loans held for sale are measured at lower of cost or fair value. Under ASC 820, market value is to represent fair value. Management obtains quotes or bids on all or part of these loans directly from the purchasing financial institutions. Premiums received or to be received on the quotes or bids are indicative of the fact that cost is lower than fair value. Because quotes and bids on loans held for sale are available in active markets, loans held for sale are considered to be Level 2. nonrecurring fair value adjustments were recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Gains and losses on the sale of loans are recorded in noninterest income on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Impaired loans ASC 820 applies to loans measured for impairment at an observable market price (if available), or at the fair value of the loan s collateral (if the loan is collateral dependent). Fair value of the loan s collateral, when the loan is dependent on collateral, is determined by appraisals or independent valuation which is then adjusted for the cost related to liquidation of the collateral. Loans are designated as impaired when, in the judgment of management based on current information and events, it is probable that all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement will not be collected when due. The measurement of loss associated with impaired loans can be based on either the observable market price of the loan or the fair value of the collateral. Fair value is measured based on the value 
 
 103 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

104 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Other real estate 
 Includes loans charged down to the net realizable value of the collateral. Fair Value at December 31, 2021 Quoted Prices Significant Significant in Active Other Unobservable Balance as of Markets for Observable Inputs December 31, Identical Assets Inputs (Level 3) Description 2021 (Level 1) (Level 2) Impaired loans Other real estate 

105 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Discounted appraised value Selling cost - Discount for lack of marketability and age of appraisal - OREO Discounted appraised value Selling cost Discount for lack of marketability and age of appraisal - 
 Quantitative information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements for December 31, 2021 (dollars in thousands) Fair Value Valuation Technique(s) Unobservable Input Range (Weighted Average) Impaired loans Discounted appraised value Selling cost - Discount for lack of marketability and age of appraisal - OREO Discounted appraised value Selling cost Discount for lack of marketability and age of appraisal - 
 Financial Instruments FASB ASC 825, Financial Instruments, requires disclosure about fair value of financial instruments, including those financial assets and financial liabilities that are not required to be measured and reported at fair value on a recurring or nonrecurring basis. ASC 825 excludes certain financial instruments and all nonfinancial instruments from its disclosure requirements. Accordingly, the aggregate fair value amounts presented may not necessarily represent the underlying fair value of the Company. The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of the Company s financial instruments are presented in the following tables whether or not recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. Fair values for December 31, 2022 and 2021 were estimated using an exit price notion. 
 
 106 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Fed funds sold Securities Available-for-sale Held-to-maturity Restricted stock Loans, net Loans held for sale Interest receivable BOLI Derivaties Liabilities Deposits Capital notes Other borrowings Interest payable 
 Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2021 using Carrying Assets Amounts (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Balance Cash and due from banks Fed funds sold Securities Available-for-sale Held-to-maturity Restricted stock Loans, net Loans held for sale Interest receivable BOLI Derivatives Liabilities Deposits Capital notes Other borrowings Interest payable 

107 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

108 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of its operating locations under long-term leases (greater than 12 months). Leases for of these locations are classified as operating leases and are classified as financing leases. Certain of these leases offer the option to extend the lease term and the Company has included such extensions in its calculation of the lease liabilities to the extent the options are reasonably certain of being exercised. The lease agreements do not provide for residual value guarantees and have no restrictions or covenants that would impact dividends or require incurring additional financial obligations. The Bank leases its principal Lynchburg, Virginia, location from Jamesview Investments, LLC, a legal entity which is wholly-owned by William C. Bryant III, a member of the Board of Directors of both Financial and the Bank. This lease is classified as a finance lease and the related lease liability totaled million at December 31, 2022. The following table represents information about the Company s operating leases: Right-of-use assets Weighted average remaining lease term years years Weighted average discount rate 

109 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Right-of-use assets Weighted average remaining lease term years years Weighted average discount rate 
 Finance lease cost: Amortization of right-of-use assets Interest on lease liabilities Total lease cost Cash paid for amounts included in measurement of operating lease liabilities Cash paid for amounts included in measurement of finance lease liabilities 

110 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Twelve months ending December 31, 2024 Twelve months ending December 31, 2025 Twelve months ending December 31, 2026 Twelve months ending December 31, 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted cash flows Discount Lease liabilities 
 million to million. Subsequent to adoption, the Company will record adjustments to its allowance for credit losses and reserves for unfunded commitments through the provision for credit losses in the consolidated statements of income. The Company is utilizing a third-party model to tabulate its estimate of current expected credit losses, using a discounted cash-flow methodology. In accordance with ASC 326, the Company has segmented its loan portfolio based on similar risk characteristics. The Company primarily utilizes measurable economic trends (including local, state and national unemployment), in its reasonable and supportable forecasting of current expected credit losses. To further adjust the allowance for credit losses for expected losses not already included within the quantitative component of the calculation, the Company may consider the following qualitative adjustment factors: recent changes in lending policies, procedures, and personnel, changes in the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, and changes in the underlying value of collateral for collateral dependent loans, among other 

 111 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

112 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Taxes receivable Investment in subsidiaries Other assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Capital notes Other borrowings Other liabilities Total Liabilities Common stock par value Additional paid-in-capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

113 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Operating expenses Interest on capital notes and other borrowings Legal and professional fees Other expense Total expenses Income tax (benefit) Income (loss) before equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries Equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries Net income 

114 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Amortization of debt issuance costs (Increase) decrease in income taxes receivable (Increase) in other assets (Decrease) increase in other liabilities Equity in undistributed net (income) of subsidiaries Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Cash paid in acquisition of subsidiary Net cash used in investing activities Cash flows from financing activities Dividends paid to common stockholders Principal payments on other borrowings Proceeds from other borrowings Repurchase of common stock Cash payment in lieu of fractional shares related to 10 stock dividend Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

115 
 Table of Contents BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million in assets under management and advisement at the time of the acquisition. The acquisition was undertaken to enhance Financial s service line offerings as well as augment its noninterest income streams. Subsequent to its acquisition, PWW operates as a subsidiary of Financial. The transaction was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting, and accordingly, assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and consideration transferred were recorded at their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. The fair values were subject to refinement for up to one year after the closing date of the acquisition. The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred upon closing on December 31, 2021 totaled million, which was paid in cash. The preliminary fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed were million and million, respectively, resulting in an acquisition date balance of goodwill totaling approximately million. The principal component of the assets acquired was million of amortizable intangible assets, which primarily relate to the value of customer relationships acquired with the acquisition of PWW. The Company is amortizing these intangible assets over a -year period using the straight-line method. In accordance with the acquisition agreement, a working capital adjustment was paid in 2022 totaling approximately thousand to the former owners of PWW. As such, Financial adjusted the total consideration transferred by increasing its investment in PWW by the amount of cash paid and also recorded a corresponding increase to the balance of goodwill. Additionally, in 2022, it was determined a valid IRC 338(h)(10) election was filed, which in effect, will treat the acquisition of PWWs outstanding shares as an asset acquisition for tax purposes. The balance of goodwill was reduced by million with a corresponding increase to deferred income taxes (included in the other assets caption) to appropriately reflect this determination. The adjusted balance of goodwill of million is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 

 116 
 Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure There has been no change in the independent accountants engaged to audit the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries during the last two fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 . There have been no disagreements with such independent accountants during the last two fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 , on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures a) Evaluation of Disclosures and Controls Procedures Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Financial s management, including Financial s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act as of December 31, 2022. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures will detect or uncover every situation involving the failure of persons within the Company or its subsidiaries to disclose material information required to be set forth in the Company s periodic reports. Based upon their evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, Financial s disclosure controls and procedures were effective for the purpose of ensuring that the information required to be disclosed in the reports that Financial files or submits under the Exchange Act with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC (1) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (2) is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures will detect or uncover every situation involving the failure of persons within the Company or its subsidiary to disclose material information required to be set forth in the Company s periodic reports. b) Report of Management s Assessment of Internal Controls over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange act. Financial s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that pertain to Financial s ability to record, process, summarize and report reliable financial data. Management recognizes that there are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of internal control. Accordingly, even effective internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting may vary over time. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

 117 
 Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022, management has assessed the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on the assessment, Management determined that it maintained effective internal control over the financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the 2013 framework criteria. In order to ensure that Financial s internal control over financial reporting is effective, management regularly assesses such controls and did so most recently for its financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This assessment was based on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) in 2013, by the Treadway Commission. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. This annual report does not include an attestation report of Financial s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by Financial s registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit Financial to provide only management s report in the annual report. d) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There have been no significant changes during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) or in other factors that could have significantly affected those controls subsequent to the date of our most recent evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. 

 118 
 Table of Contents 

PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Part of the response to this Item will be included in the information set forth under the headings Nominees and Continuing Directors, Corporate Governance and the Board of Directors Matters, Director and Officer Biographical Information, and Committees of the Board of Directors of Financial in Financial s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the end of the Financial s 2022 fiscal year (the 2023 Proxy Statement ), and such information is hereby incorporated by reference Financial has adopted a code of ethics that applies to Financial s directors, executive officers (including the principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions), and senior officers. The code of ethics has been posted under the Investor Relations section on Financial s website: www.bankofthejames.bank. 

 119 
 Table of Contents 

Item 11. Executive Compensation The response to this Item will be included in the information set forth under the headings Compensation of Directors and Executive Officers, Corporate Governance and the Board of Directors Matters, and Committees of the Board of Directors of Financial in the 2023 Proxy Statement and such information is hereby incorporated by reference. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The information required by this Item will be included in the information set forth under the headings Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans, Corporate Governance and the Board of Directors Matters Independence of Directors, and Security Ownership of Management in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is hereby incorporated by reference. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence The response to this Item will be included in the information set forth under the heading Transactions with Related Parties in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is hereby incorporated by reference. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services The response to this Item will be included in the information set forth under the heading Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is hereby incorporated by reference. Our independent registered public accounting firm is , PCAOB Auditor Firm I.D.: 

 120 
 Table of Contents 

PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules (a)(1) Financial Statements. Listed and included in Part II, Item 8. (2) Financial Statement Schedules. Not applicable. (3) Exhibits. The following exhibits are filed as a part of this Form 10-K and this list includes the Exhibit Index: 

 121 
 Table of Contents 

No. Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Share Exchange dated October 9, 2003 between Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc. and Bank of the James, dated as of October 9, 2003 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K12g-3 filed on January 13, 2004) 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i) to Form 8-K filed on August 12, 2009) 3.2 Bylaws of Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form 8-K filed February 19, 2021) 4.1 Description of Registrant s Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhbit 4.1 to Form 10-K filed on March 29, 2022)) 10.1 Amended and Restated Deed of Lease effective as of June 1, 2019 by and between Bank of the James and Jamesview Investments LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2020 10.2 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, made as of November 23, 2015, between Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc. and each institutional investor purchasing common shares of Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc. in the private placement that closed on December 3, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on November 24, 2015) 10.3 Salary Continuation Agreement dated as of August 6, 2009 by and between the Bank and Robert R. Chapman III (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Form 8-K filed on August 12, 2009) 10.4 Salary Continuation Agreement dated as of August 6, 2009 by and between the Bank and J. Todd Scruggs (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Form 8-K filed on August 12, 2009) 10.5 Salary Continuation Agreement dated as of August 6, 2009 by and between the Bank and Harry P. Umberger (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Form 8-K filed on August 12, 2009) 10.6 First Amended Salary Continuation Agreement dated effective as of October 1, 2016 by and between the Bank and Robert R. Chapman III (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2016) 10.7 First Amended Salary Continuation Agreement dated effective as of October 1, 2016 by and between the Bank and J. Todd Scruggs (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2016) 10.8 First Amended Salary Continuation Agreement dated effective as of October 1, 2016 by and between the Bank and Harry P. Umberger (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2016) 10.9 2016 Salary Continuation Agreement dated effective as of October 1, 2016 by and between the Bank and Harry P. Umberger (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2016) 10.10 Salary Continuation Agreement dated effective as of January 29, 2013 by and between the Bank and Michael A. Syrek (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Form 10-K filed on March 29, 2022) 10.11 Salary Continuation Agreement dated effective as of January 1, 2023 by and between the Bank and Eric J. Sorenson, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2023) 10.12 Dividend Reinvestment Plan (Incorporated by reference to Registration Statement on Form S-3, filed on August 21, 2017) 10.13 2018 Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Schedule 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) filed on April 9, 2018). 10.14 2018 Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Schedule 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) filed on April 9, 2018). 21.1 List of subsidiaries (filed herewith) 23.1 Consent of Yount, Hyde and Barbour, P.C. (filed herewith) 31.1 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) (filed herewith) 31.2 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) (filed herewith) 

122 
 Table of Contents 

32.1 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002 (filed herewith) 101 Pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T, the following materials from Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income For the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity and Comprehensive Income (Loss) For the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Item 16. Form 10 K Summary - Not required 

 123 
 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated as of March 31, 2023. Signature Capacity /S/ Robert R. Chapman III Robert R. Chapman III President (Principal Executive Officer) and Director /S/ J. Todd Scruggs J. Todd Scruggs Secretary and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) and Director /S/ Thomas W. Pettyjohn, Jr. Thomas W. Pettyjohn, Jr. Director, Chairman /S/ Lewis C. Addison Lewis C. Addison Director /S/ John R. Alford, Jr. John R. Alford, Jr. Director /S/ William C. Bryant III William C. Bryant III Director /S/ A. Douglas Dalton III A. Douglas Dalton III Director /S/ James F. Daly James F. Daly Director ________________ Julie P. Doyle Director ________________ Watt R. Foster, Jr. Director /S/ Phillip C. Jamerson Phillip C. Jamerson Director /S/ Lydia K. Langley Lydia K. Langley Director /S/ Augustus A. Petticolas, Jr. Augustus A. Petticolas, Jr. Director 

124 
 Table of Contents 

125 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 botj-20221231xex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 211

Exhibit 21.1 

List of Subsidiaries 

Subsidiary 

Jurisdiction or State of Incorporation 

Names Under Which Subsidiary Does Business 

Bank of the James 

Virginia 

Bank of the James 
					 
						 Bank of the James Mortgage 
					 
						 Bank of the James Mortgage, a Division of Bank of the James 
					 
						 BOTJ Investment Services 

BOTJ Insurance, Inc. 

Virginia 

BOTJ Insurance, Inc. 

Pettyjohn, Wood White, Inc. 

Virginia 

Pettyjohn, Wood White, Inc. 
					 
						 Pettyjohn, Wood White 

BOTJ Investment Group, Inc. 

Virginia 

Inactive 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 botj-20221231xex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 231

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement (No. 333-220084) on Form S-3 and Registration Statement (No. 333-226222) on Form S-8 of Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc. of our report dated March 3 1 , 202 3 , relating to our audit of the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 202 2 . 

/s/ Yount, Hyde Barbour, P.C. 

Winchester , Virginia 

March 3 1 , 202 3 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 botj-20221231xex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 311

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification Principal Executive Officer 

I, Robert R. Chapman III, President of Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc. certify that: 

(1) 

I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc.; 

(2) 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

(5) 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

2 

Date: March 3 1 , 202 3 

By /S/ Robert R. Chapman III 

Robert R. Chapman III 

President (Principal Executive Officer) and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 botj-20221231xex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 312

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

I, J. Todd Scruggs, Secretary and Treasurer of Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc., certify that: 

(1) 

I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc.; 

(2) 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

(5) 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 3 1 , 202 3 

By /S/ J. Todd Scruggs 

J. Todd Scruggs 

Secretary and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) and Director 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 botj-20221231xex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 321

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Robert R. Chapman III, Chief Executive Officer of Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc., a Virginia corporation (the Company and J. Todd Scruggs, Secretary and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer), each certify in his capacity as an officer of the Company that he has reviewed the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 202 2 (the Report and to the best of his knowledge: 

1. 
			 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
			 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of the Company as of the dates and for the periods covered by the Report. 

BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

Date: March 3 1 , 202 3 

By /S/ Robert R. Chapman III 

Robert R. Chapman III 

President and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 3 1 , 202 3 

By /S/ J. Todd Scruggs 

J. Todd Scruggs 

Secretary and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 botj-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 botj-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 botj-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 botj-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 botj-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

