<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1945619_0001683168-23-001957.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1683046</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>98165</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>411142</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>347218</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>335578</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>452791</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-001957.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330160533
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-001957
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		34
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bellatora, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001945619
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				471981170
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56478
		FILM NUMBER:		23780640

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2030 POWERS FERRY ROAD SE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 212
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30339
		BUSINESS PHONE:		404-816-9220

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2030 POWERS FERRY ROAD SE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 212
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30339

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-001957.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 bellatora_i10k-123122.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 

6770 

 (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code
Number) 

(IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, 

 , 

(Address and telephone number of registrant s
executive office) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: Common Stock 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for shorter period that the registrant as required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge,
in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.
Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is
a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter, was indeterminable since the Company s stock has quoted price. Solely for purposes of this disclosure,
shares of common stock held by executive officers, directors, and beneficial holders of 10 or more of the outstanding common stock of
the registrant as of such date have been excluded because such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. 

As of March 30, 2023, the Registrant had shares of common
stock issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1 
 Description of Business 
 1 

Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 3 

Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 10 

Item 2 
 Properties 
 10 

Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 10 

Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 10 

PART II 

Item 5 
 Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 
 11 

Item 6 
 Selected Financial Data 
 11 

Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and
 Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 12 

Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 13 

Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 

Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 14 

Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 14 

Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 15 

PART III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 16 

Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 20 

Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 22 

Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 23 

Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 23 

PART IV 

Item 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 24 

i 

PART I 

ITEM 1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

As used in this annual report, the terms we ,
 us , our , the Company , mean Bellatora, Inc., unless otherwise indicated. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 

This report contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our ability to locate and acquire
an operating business and the resources and efforts we intend to dedicate to such an endeavor, our development of a viable business plan
and commencement of operations, and our ability to locate sources of capital necessary to commence operations or otherwise meet our business
needs and objectives. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this report, including statements regarding
our future financial position, liquidity, business strategy and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking
statements. The words believe, may, estimate, continue, anticipate, 
 intend, should, plan, could, target, potential, is
likely, will, expect and similar expressions, as they relate to us, are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and
financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs. 

The results anticipated by any or all of these
forward-looking statements might not occur. Important factors, uncertainties and risks that may cause actual results to differ materially
from these forward-looking statements include those described in Item 1A. Risk Factors. We undertake no obligation to publicly
update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as the result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Description of Business 

Bellatora, Inc., a Colorado corporation, Bellatora ,
 we , us, or our is a publicly quoted shell company seeking to create value for its shareholders
by merging with another entity with experienced management and opportunities for growth in return for shares of our common stock. 

No potential merger candidate has been identified
at this time. 

We do not propose to restrict our search for a
business opportunity to any particular industry or geographical area and may, therefore, engage in essentially any business in any industry.
We have unrestricted discretion in seeking and participating in a business opportunity, subject to the availability of such opportunities,
economic conditions, and other factors. 

The selection of a business opportunity in which
to participate is complex and risky. Additionally, we have only limited resources and may find it difficult to locate good opportunities.
There can be no assurance that we will be able to identify and acquire any business opportunity which will ultimately prove to be beneficial
to us and our shareholders. We will select any potential business opportunity based on our management's best business judgment. 

Our activities are subject to several significant
risks, which arise primarily as a result of the fact that we have no specific business and may acquire or participate in a business opportunity
based on the decision of management, which potentially could act without the consent, vote, or approval of our shareholders. The risks
faced by us are further increased as a result of its lack of resources and our inability to provide a prospective business opportunity
with significant capital. 

1 

Competition and Market Conditions 

We will face substantial
competition in our efforts to identify and pursue a business venture. The primary source of competition is expected to be from other companies
organized and funded for similar purposes, including small venture capital firms, blank check companies, and wealthy investors, many of
which may have substantially greater financial and other resources than we do. In light of our limited financial and human resources,
we are at a competitive disadvantage compared to many of our competitors in our efforts to obtain an operating business or assets necessary
to commence our operations in a new field. Additionally, with the economic downturn caused by the coronavirus pandemic, many venture capital
firms and similar firms and individuals have been seeking to acquire businesses at discounted rates, and we therefore currently face additional
competition and resultant difficulty obtaining a business. We expect these conditions to persist at least until such time as the economy
recovers. Further, even if we are successful in obtaining a business or assets for new operations, we expect there to be enhanced barriers
to entry in the marketplace in which we decide to operate as a result of reduced demand and/or increased raw material costs caused by
the pandemic and other economic forces that are beyond our control. 

Regulation 

As of the date of this
Report, we are required to file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC by Section 13 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). 

Depending on the direction
management decides to take and a business or businesses we may acquire in the future, we may become subject to other laws or regulations
that require us to make material expenditures on compliance including the increasing state level regulation of privacy. Any such requirements
could require us to divert significant human and capital resources on compliance, which could have an adverse effect on our future operating
results. 

Employees 

As of the date of this Report, we do not have
any employees. However, our Chief Executive Officer provides part-time consulting services to us without compensation. 

2 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Risks Relating to Our Business and Financial
Condition 

We currently have no operations, and investors
therefore have no basis on which to evaluate the Company s future prospects. 

We currently have no operations and will be reliant
upon a merger with or acquisition of an operating business to commence operations and generate revenue. Because we have no operations
and have not generated revenues, investors have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of locating
and completing a business combination with a target business. We have no current arrangements or understandings with any prospective target
business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete a business combination in a reasonable timeframe, on reasonable
terms or at all. If we fail to complete a business combination as planned, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

We may face difficulties or delays in our search
for a business combination, and we may not have access to sufficient capital to consummate a business combination. 

We may face difficulty identifying a viable business
opportunity or negotiating or paying for any resulting business combination. Economic factors that are beyond our control, including the
COVID-19 pandemic and consequent economic downturn, as well as increased competition for acquisitions of operating entities that we expect
to encounter as a result thereof, may hinder our efforts to locate and/or obtain a business that is suitable for our business goals at
a price we can afford and on terms that will enable us to sufficiently grow our business to generate value to our shareholders. We have
limited capital, and we may not be able to take advantage of any available business opportunities on favorable terms or at all due to
the limited availability of capital. There can be no assurance that we will have sufficient capital to provide us with the necessary funds
to successfully develop and implement our plan of operation or acquire a business we deem to be appropriate or necessary to accomplish
our objectives, in which case we may be forced to terminate our business plan and your investment in the Company could become worthless. 

If we are not successful in acquiring a new
business and generating material revenues, investors will likely lose their investment. 

If we are not successful in developing a viable
business plan and acquiring a new business through which to implement it, our investors entire investment in the Company could
become worthless. Even if we are successful in combining with or acquiring the assets of an operating entity, we can provide no assurances
that the Company will be able to generate significant revenue therefrom in the short-term or at all or that investors will derive a profit
from their investment. If we are not successful, our investors will likely lose their entire investment. 

If we cannot manage our growth effectively,
we may not become profitable. 

Businesses, including development stage companies
such as ours and/or any operating business or businesses we may acquire, often grow rapidly, and tend to have difficulty managing their
growth. If we are able to acquire an operating business, we will likely need to expand our management team and other key personnel by
recruiting and employing experienced executives and key employees and/or consultants capable of providing the necessary support. 

We cannot assure you that our management will
be able to manage our growth effectively or successfully. Our failure to meet these challenges could cause us to lose money, and your
investment could be lost. 

3 

Because we have limited capital, we may need
to raise additional capital in the future by issuing debt or equity securities, the terms of which may dilute our current investors and/or
reduce or limit their liquidation or other rights. 

We may require additional capital to acquire a
business. We may not be able to obtain additional capital when required. Future business development activities, as well as administrative
expenses such as salaries, insurance, general overhead, legal and compliance expenses, and accounting expenses will require a substantial
amount of additional capital. 

The terms of securities we issue in future capital
raising transactions may be more favorable to new investors, and may include liquidation preferences, superior voting rights or the issuance
of other derivative securities, which could have a further dilutive effect on or subordinate the rights of our current investors. Any
additional capital raised through the sale of equity securities will likely dilute the ownership percentage of our shareholders. Additionally,
any debt securities we issue would likely create a liquidation preference superior that of our current investors and, if convertible into
shares of Common Stock, would also pose the risk of dilution. 

We may be unable to obtain necessary financing
if and when required. 

Our ability to obtain financing, if and when necessary,
may be impaired by such factors as the capital markets (both in general and in the particular industry or industries in which we may choose
to operate), our limited operating history and current lack of operations, the national and global economies, and the condition of the
market for microcap securities. Further, economic downturns such as the current global depression caused by the COVID-19 pandemic may
increase our requirements for capital, particularly if such economic downturn persists for an extended period of time or after we have
acquired an operating entity, and may limit or hinder our ability to obtain the funding we require. If the amount of capital we are able
to raise from financing activities, together with any revenues we may generate from future operations, is not sufficient to satisfy our
capital needs, we may be required to discontinue our development or implementation of a business plan, cancel our search for business
opportunities, cease our operations, divest our assets at unattractive prices or obtain financing on unattractive terms. If any of the
foregoing should happen, our shareholders could lose some or all of their investment. 

Because we are still developing our business
plan, we do not have any agreement for a business combination. 

We have no current arrangement, agreement or understanding
with respect to engaging in a business combination with any specific entity. We may not be successful in identifying and evaluating a
suitable acquisition candidate or in consummating a business combination. We are neutral as to what industry or segment for any target
company. We have not established specific metrics and criteria we will look for in a target company, and if and when we do we may face
difficulty reaching a mutual agreement with any such entity, including in light of market trends and forces beyond our control. Given
our early-stage status, there is considerable uncertainty and therefore inherent risk to investors that we will not succeed in developing
and implementing a viable business plan. 

The COVID-19 pandemic could materially adversely
affect our financial condition, future plans and results of operations. 

This COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant adverse
effect on the economy in the United States and on most businesses. The Company is not able to predict the ultimate impact that COVID -19
will have on its business; however, if the pandemic and government action in response thereto impose limitations on our operations or
result in a prolonged economic recession or depression, the Company s development and implementation of its business plan and our
ability to commence and grow our operations, as well as our ability to generate material revenue therefrom, will be hindered, which would
have a material negative impact on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 

4 

Because we are dependent upon Erik Nelson,
our Chief Executive Officer and sole director to manage and oversee our Company, the loss of him could adversely affect our plan and results
of operations. 

We currently have a sole director and officer,
Erik Nelson, who manages the Company and is presently evaluating a viable plan for our future operations. We will rely solely on his judgment
in connection with selecting a target company and the terms and structure of any resulting business combination. The loss of our Chief
Executive Officer could delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives, which could have a material adverse effect upon our
results of operations and financial position. 

Further, because Mr. Nelson serves as Chief Executive
Officer and sole director and also holds a controlling interest in the Company s Common Stock, our other shareholders will have
limited ability to influence the Company s direction or management. 

In addition, although not likely, the officers
and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of a combination with their business. The departure of a target s
key personnel could negatively impact the operations and prospects of our post-combination business. The role of a target s key
personnel upon the completion of the transaction cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain or all members
of a target s management team may remain associated with the target following a change of control thereof, there can be no assurance
that all of such target s management team will decide to remain in place. The loss of key personnel, either before or after a business
combination and including management of either us or a combined entity could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our
business. 

Risks Related to a Potential Business Acquisition 

We may encounter difficulty locating and consummating
a business combination, including as a result of the competitive disadvantages we have. 

We expect to face intense competition in our search
for a revenue-producing business to combine with or acquire. Given the current economic climate, venture capital firms, larger companies,
blank check companies such as special purpose acquisition companies and other investors are purchasing operating entities or the assets
thereof in high volumes and at relatively discounted prices. These parties may have greater capital or human resources than we do and/or
more experience in a particular industry within which we choose to search. Most of these competitors have a certain amount of liquid cash
available to take advantage of favorable market conditions for prospective business purchaser such as those caused by the recent pandemic.
Any delay or inability to locate, negotiate and enter into a business combination as a result of the relative illiquidity of our current
asset or other disadvantages we have relative to our competitors could cause us to lose valuable business opportunities to our competitors,
which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We may expend significant time and capital
on a prospective business combination that is not ultimately consummated. 

The investigation of each specific target business
and any subsequent negotiation and drafting of related agreements, SEC disclosure and other documents will require substantial amounts
of management s time and attention and material additional costs in connection with outsourced services from accountants, attorneys,
and other professionals. We will likely expend significant time and resources searching for, conducting due diligence on, and negotiating
transaction terms in connection with a proposed business combination that may not ultimately come to fruition. In such event, all of the
time and capital resources expended by the Company in such a pursuit may be lost and unrecoverable by the Company or its shareholders.
Unanticipated issues which may be beyond our control or that of the seller of the applicable business may arise that force us to terminate
discussions with a target company, such as the target s failure or inability to provide adequate documentation to assist in our
investigation, a party s failure to obtain required waivers or consents to consummate the transaction as required by the inability
to obtain the required audits, applicable laws, charter documents and agreements, the appearance of a competitive bid from another prospective
purchaser, or the seller s inability to maintain its operations for a sufficient time to allow the transaction to close. Such risks
are inherent in any search for a new business and investors should be aware of them before investing in an enterprise such as ours. 

5 

Conflicts of interest may arise between us
and our shareholders, directors, or management, which may have a negative impact on our ability to consummate a business combination or
favorable terms or generate revenue. 

Our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Nelson, is not
required to commit his full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating his time between managing the
Company and other businesses in which he is or may be involved. We do not intend to have any employees prior to the consummation of a
business combination. Mr. Nelson, is not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours to our affairs, and he may engage in other
business endeavors while he provides consulting services to the Company. If any of his other business affairs require him to devote substantial
amounts of time to such matters, it could materially limit his ability to devote his time and attention to our business which could have
a negative impact on our ability to consummate a business combination or generate revenue. 

It is possible that we obtain an operating company
in which a director or officer of the Company has an ownership interest in or that he or she is an officer, director, or employee of.
If we do obtain any business affiliated with an officer or director, such business combination may be on terms other than what would be
arrived at in an arms-length transaction. If any conflict of interest arises, it could adversely affect a business combination or subsequent
operations of the Company, in which case our shareholders may see diminished value relative to what would have been available through
a transaction with an independent third party. 

We may engage in a business combination that
causes tax consequences to us and our shareholders. 

Federal and state tax consequences will, in all
likelihood, be a significant factor in considering any business combination that we may undertake. Under current federal law, such transactions
may be subject to significant taxation to the buyer and its shareholders under applicable federal and state tax laws. While we intend
to structure any business combination so as to minimize the federal and state tax consequences to the extent practicable in accordance
with our business objectives, there can be no assurance that any business combination we undertake will meet the statutory or regulatory
requirements of a tax-free reorganization or similar favorable treatment or that the parties to such a transaction will obtain the tax
treatment intended or expected upon a transfer of equity interests or assets. A non-qualifying reorganization, combination or similar
transaction could result in the imposition of significant taxation, both at the federal and state levels, which may have an adverse effect
on both parties to the transaction, including our shareholders. 

It is unlikely that our shareholders will
be afforded any opportunity to evaluate or approve a business combination. 

It is unlikely that our shareholders will be afforded
the opportunity to evaluate and approve a proposed business combination. In most cases, business combinations do not require shareholder
approval under applicable law, and our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws do not afford our shareholders with the right to approve such
a transaction. Further, Mr. Nelson, our Chief Executive Officer and sole director, owns the vast majority of our outstanding Common Stock.
Accordingly, our shareholders will be relying almost exclusively on the judgement of our board of directors Board and
Chief Executive Officer and any persons on whom they may rely with respect to a potential business combination. In order to develop and
implement our business plan, may in the future hire lawyers, accountants, technical experts, appraisers, or other consultants to assist
with determining the Company s direction and consummating any transactions contemplated thereby. We may rely on such persons in
making difficult decisions in connection with the Company s future business and prospects. The selection of any such persons will
be made by our Board, and any expenses incurred, or decisions made based on any of the foregoing could prove to be adverse to the Company
in hindsight, the result of which could be diminished value to our shareholders. 

6 

Because our search for a business combination
is not presently limited to a particular industry, sector or any specific target businesses, prospective investors will be unable to evaluate
the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations until such time as they are identified and disclosed. 

We are still determining the Company s business
plan, and we may seek to complete a business combination with an operating entity in any number of industries or sectors. Because we have
not yet entered into any letter of intent or agreement to acquire a particular business, prospective investors currently have no basis
to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity,
financial condition, prospects or other metrics or qualities they deem appropriate in considering to invest in the Company. Further, if
we complete a business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business we acquire. For example,
if we acquire a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established operating history, we may be affected by the risks inherent
in the business and operations of a new business or a development stage entity. Although our management intends to evaluate and weigh
the merits and risks inherent in a particular target business and make a decision based on the Company and its shareholders interests,
there can be no assurance that we will properly ascertain or assess all the significant risks inherent in a target business, that we will
have adequate time to complete due diligence or that we will ultimately acquire a viable business and generate material revenue therefrom.
Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to reduce the likelihood that those risks
will adversely impact a target business or mitigate any harm to the Company caused thereby. Should we select a course of action, or fail
to select a course of action, that ultimately exposes us to unknown or unidentified risks, our business will be harmed and you could lose
some or all of your investment. 

Past performance by our management and their
affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

While our Chief Executive Officer has prior experience
in advising businesses, his past performance, the performance of other entities or persons with which he is involved, or the performance
of any other personnel we may retain in the future will not necessarily be an indication of either (i) that we will be able to locate
a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or (ii) the future operating results of the Company including with respect to
any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of him or any other of our personnel or their
affiliates performance as indicative of our future performance or that an investment in us will be profitable. In addition, an
investment in the Company is not an investment in any entities affiliated with our management or other personnel. While management intends
to endeavor to locate a viable business opportunity and generate shareholder value, there can be no assurance that we will succeed in
this endeavor. 

We may seek business combination opportunities
in industries or sectors that are outside of our management s area of expertise. 

We will consider a business combination outside
of our management s area of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate
offers an attractive opportunity for the Company. Although management intends to endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular
business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all the significant risks, or that we
will accurately determine the actual value of a prospective operating entity to acquire. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition
outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s ability to evaluate and make decisions on behalf of the
Company may be limited, or we may make material expenditures on additional personnel or consultants to assist management in the Company s
operations. Investors should be aware that the information contained herein regarding the areas of our management s expertise will
not necessarily be relevant to an understanding of the business that we ultimately elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not
be able to adequately ascertain or assess all the significant risks or strategic opportunities that may arise. Accordingly, any shareholders
in the Company following a business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares, and any resulting loss will likely
not be recoverable. 

7 

We may attempt to complete a business combination
with a private target company about which little information is available, and such target entity may not generate revenue as expected
or otherwise by compatible with us as expected. 

In pursuing our search for a business to acquire,
we will likely seek to complete a business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists
about private companies, and the only information available to us prior to making a decision may be from documents and information provided
directly to us by the target company in connection with the transaction. Such documents or information or the conclusions we draw therefrom
could prove to be inaccurate or misleading. As such, we may be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential business
combination based on limited, incomplete, or faulty information, which may result in our subsequent operations generating less revenue
than expected, which could materially harm our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our ability to assess the management of a prospective
target business may be limited and, as a result, we may acquire a target business whose management does not have the skills, qualifications,
or abilities to enable a seamless transition, which could, in turn, negatively impact our results of operations. 

When evaluating the desirability of a potential
business combination, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources, or
information. Our management s assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect
and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities expected. Further, in most cases the target s management may
be expected to want to manage us and replace our Chief Executive Officer. Should the target s management not possess the skills,
qualifications, or abilities necessary to manage a public company or assist with their former entity s merger or combination into
ours, the operations and profitability of the post-acquisition business may be negatively impacted and our shareholders could suffer a
reduction in the value of their shares. 

Any business we acquire will likely lack diversity
of operations or geographical reach, and in such case we will be subject to risks associated with dependence on a single industry or region. 

Our search for a business will likely be focused
on entities with a single or limited business activity and/or that operate in a limited geographic area. While larger companies have the
ability to manage their risk by diversifying their operations among different industries and regions, smaller companies such as ours and
the entities we anticipate reviewing for a potential business combination generally lack diversification, in terms of both the nature
and geographic scope of their business. As a result, we will likely be impacted more acutely by risks affecting the industry or the region
in which we operate than we would if our business were more diversified. In addition to general economic risks, we could be exposed to
natural disasters, civil unrest, technological advances, and other uncontrollable developments that will threaten our viability if and
to the extent our future operations are limited to a single industry or region. If we do not diversify our operations, our financial condition
and results of operations will be at risk. 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure
to comply with the laws and regulations applicable to us, may adversely affect our business, ability to negotiate and complete a business
combination, and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted
by federal, state, and local governments. In addition to SEC regulations, any business we acquire in the future may be subject to substantial
legal or regulatory oversight and restrictions, which could hinder our growth and expend material amounts on compliance. Compliance with,
and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation
and application by courts and administrative judges may also change from time to time, and any such changes could be unfavorable to us
and could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments, and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with
applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could result in material defense or remedial costs and/or damages have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition. 

8 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

Due to factors beyond our control, our stock
price may be volatile. 

There is currently a limited market for our Common
Stock, and there can be no guarantee that an active market for our Common Stock will develop, even if we are successful in consummating
a business combination. Recently, the price of our Common Stock has been volatile for no reason. Further, even if an active market for
our Common Stock develops, it will likely be subject to by significant price volatility when compared to more seasoned issuers. We expect
that the price of our Common Stock will continue to be more volatile than more seasoned issuers for the foreseeable future. Fluctuations
in the price of our Common Stock can be based on various factors in addition to those otherwise described in this Report, including: 

General speculative fever; 

A prospective business combination and the terms and conditions thereof; 

The operating performance of any business we acquire, including any failure to achieve material revenues therefrom; 

The performance of our competitors in the marketplace, both pre- and post-combination; 

The public s reaction to our press releases, SEC filings, website content and other public announcements and information; 

Changes in earnings estimates of any business that we acquire or recommendations by any research analysts who may follow us or other companies in the industry of a business that we acquire; 

Variations in general economic conditions, including as may be caused by uncontrollable events such as the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting decline in the economy; 

The public disclosure of the terms of any financing we disclose in the future; 

The number of shares of our Common Stock that are publicly traded in the future; 

Actions of our existing shareholders, including sales of Common Stock by our then directors and then executive officers or by significant investors; and 

The employment or termination of key personnel. 

Many of these factors are beyond our control and
may decrease the market price of our Common Stock, regardless of whether we can consummate a business combination and of our current or
subsequent operating performance and financial condition. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s
securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted. A securities class action suit against us could result in substantial
costs and divert our management s time and attention, which would otherwise be used to benefit our business. 

Because trading in our Common Stock is so limited,
investors who purchase our Common Stock may depress the market if they sell Common Stock. 

Our Common Stock trades on the OTC Pink Market,
the successor to the pink sheets. The OTC Pink Market generally is illiquid and most stocks traded there are of companies that are not
required to file reports with the SEC under the Exchange Act. Our Common Stock itself infrequently trades. 

9 

The market price of our Common Stock may decline
if a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock are sold at once or in large blocks. 

Presently the market for our Common Stock is limited.
If an active market for our shares develops in the future, some or all of our shareholders may sell their shares of our Common Stock which
may depress the market price. Any sale of a substantial number of these shares in the public market, or the perception that such a sale
could occur, could cause the market price of our Common Stock to decline, which could reduce the value of the shares held by our other
shareholders. 

Future issuance of
our Common Stock could dilute the interests of our existing shareholders, particularly in connection with an acquisition and any resulting
financing. 

We may issue additional shares of our Common Stock
in the future. The issuance of a substantial amount of our Common Stock could substantially dilute the interests of our shareholders.
In addition, the sale of a substantial amount of Common Stock in the public market, either in the initial issuance or in a subsequent
resale by the target company in a business combination which received our Common Stock as consideration or by investors who has previously
acquired such Common Stock could have an adverse effect on the market price of our Common Stock. 

Due to recent changes to Rule 15c2-11 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, our Common Stock may become subject to limitations or reductions on stock price, liquidity, or volume. 

On September 16, 2020, the SEC adopted amendments
to Rule 15c2-11 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). This Rule applies to broker-dealers who quote
securities listed on over-the-counter markets such as our Common Stock. The Rule as amended prohibits broker-dealers from publishing quotations
on OTC markets for an issuer s securities unless they are based on current publicly available information about the issuer. When
it becomes effective, the amended Rule will also limit the Rule s piggyback exception, which allows broker-dealers
to publish quotations for a security in reliance on the quotations of a broker-dealer that initially performed the information review
required by the Rule, to issuers with current publicly available information or issuers that are up-to-date in their Exchange Act reports.
As of this date, we are uncertain as what actual effect the Rule may have on us. 

The Rule changes could harm the liquidity and/or
market price of our Common Stock by either preventing our shares from being quoted or driving up our costs of compliance. Because we are
a voluntary filer under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act and not a public reporting company, the practical impact of these changes is
to require us to maintain a level of periodic disclosure we are not presently required to maintain, which would cause us to incur material
additional expenses. Further, if we cannot or do not provide or maintain current public information about our company, our stockholders
may face difficulties in selling their shares of our Common Stock at desired prices, quantities, or times, or at all, as a result of the
amendments to the Rule. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

The Company s principal business and corporate address is 2030
Powers Ferry Road SE, Suite #212, Atlanta, Georgia 30339 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are not currently involved in any legal proceedings and we are not
aware of any pending or potential legal actions. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

10 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Market Information 

Our Common Stock is not
listed on any securities exchange, and is quoted on the OTC Pink Market under the symbol ECGR Because our Common Stock is
not listed on a securities exchange and its quotations on OTC Pink are limited and sporadic, there is currently no established public
trading market for our Common Stock. 

Holders 

As of March 14, 2023
there were 310 shareholders of record of the Company s Common Stock based upon the records of the shareholders provided by the Company s
transfer agent. The Company s transfer agent is Securities Transfer Corporation, 2901 North Dallas Parkway, Plano, TX. 75093, telephone
(469)-633-0101. 

Dividends 

We have never paid or declared any dividends on
our Common Stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Securities Authorized For Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

We currently do not have any equity compensation plans. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

We have previously disclosed all sales of securities
without registration under the Securities Act of 1933. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not Applicable. 

11 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULT OF OPERATIONS 

The Company has no operations or revenue as of
the date of this Report. We are currently in the process of developing a business plan. Management intends to explore and identify viable
business opportunities within the U.S. including seeking to acquire a business in a reverse merger. Our ability to effectively identify,
develop and implement a viable plan for our business may be hindered by risks and uncertainties which are beyond our control, including
without limitation, the continued negative effects of the coronavirus pandemic on the U.S. and global economies. For more information
about the risk of Covid-19 on our business, see Item 1.A. - Risk Factors . 

Plan of Operation 

The Company has no operations from a continuing
business other than the expenditures related to running the Company, and has no revenue from continuing operations as of the date of this
Report. 

Management intends to explore and identify business
opportunities within the U.S., including a potential acquisition of an operating entity through a reverse merger, asset purchase or similar
transaction. Our Chief Executive Officer has experience in business consulting, although no assurances can be given that he can identify
and implement a viable business strategy or that any such strategy will result in profits. Our ability to effectively identify, develop
and implement a viable plan for our business may be hindered by risks and uncertainties which are beyond our control, including without
limitation, the continued negative effects of the coronavirus pandemic on the U.S. and global economies. For more information about the
risk of coronavirus on our business, see Item 1A Risk Factors. 

We do not currently engage in any business activities
that provide revenue or cash flow. During the next 12 month period we anticipate incurring costs in connection with investigating, evaluating,
and negotiating potential business combinations, filing SEC reports, and consummating an acquisition of an operating business. 

Given our limited capital resources, we may consider
a business combination with an entity which has recently commenced operations, is a developing company or is otherwise in need of additional
funds for the development of new products or services or expansion into new markets or is an established business experiencing financial
or operating difficulties and is in need of additional capital. Alternatively, a business combination may involve the acquisition of,
or merger with, an entity which desires access to the U.S. capital markets. 

As of the date of this Report, our management
has not had any discussions with any representative of any other entity regarding a potential business combination. Any target business
that is selected may be financially unstable or in the early stages of development. In such event, we expect to be subject to numerous
risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or early stage entity. In addition, we may effect a business combination
with an entity in an industry characterized by a high level of risk or in which our management has limited experience, and, although our
management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, there can be no assurance that we will properly
ascertain or assess all significant risks. 

Our management anticipates that we will likely
only be able to effect one business combination due to our limited capital. This lack of diversification will likely pose a substantial
risk in investing in the Company for the indefinite future because it will not permit us to offset potential losses from one venture or
operating territory against gains from another. The risks we face will likely be heightened to the extent we acquire a business operating
in a single industry or geographical region. 

We anticipate that the selection of a business
combination will be a complex and risk-prone process. Because of general economic conditions, including unfavorable conditions caused
by the coronavirus pandemic, rapid technological advances being made in some industries and shortages of available capital, management
believes that there are a number of firms seeking business opportunities at this time at discounted rates with which we will compete.
We expect that any potentially available business combinations may appear in a variety of different industries or regions and at various
stages of development, all of which will likely render the task of comparative investigation and analysis of such business opportunities
extremely difficult and complicated. 

12 

Once we have developed and begun to implement
our business plan, management intends to fund our working capital requirements through a combination of our existing funds and future
issuances of debt or equity securities. Our working capital requirements are expected to increase in line with the implementation of a
business plan and commencement of operations. 

Based upon our current operations, we do not have
sufficient working capital to fund our operations over the next 12 months. If we are able to close a reverse merger, it is likely we will
need capital as a condition of closing that acquisition. Because of the uncertainties, we cannot be certain as to how much capital we
need to raise or the type of securities we will be required to issue. In connection with a reverse merger, we will be required to issue
a controlling block of our securities to the target s shareholders which will be very dilutive. 

Additional issuances of equity or convertible
debt securities will result in dilution to our current shareholders. Further, such securities might have rights, preferences, or privileges
senior to our Common Stock. Additional financing may not be available upon acceptable terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not available
or are not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to take advantage of prospective new business endeavors or opportunities,
which could significantly and materially restrict our business operations. 

We anticipate that we will incur operating losses
in the next 12 months, principally costs related to our being obligated to file reports with the SEC. Our prospects must be considered
in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stage of development. Such risks for
us include, but are not limited to, an evolving and unpredictable business model, recognition of revenue sources, and the management of
growth. To address these risks, we must, among other things, develop, implement, and successfully execute our business and marketing strategy,
respond to competitive developments, and attract, retain, and motivate qualified personnel. There can be no assurance that we will
be successful in addressing such risks, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial
condition, and results of operations. 

COVID-19 Update 

To date, the COVID-19 pandemic has not had a material
impact on the Company, particularly due to our current lack of operations. The pandemic may, however, have an impact on our ability to
evaluate and acquire an operating entity through a reverse merger or otherwise. See Item 1A Risk Factors for more information. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of the date of this Report, we do not have
any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes
in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material
to investors. 

Going Concern 

The independent registered public accounting firm
auditors report accompanying our December 3, 2021 financial statements contained an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue
as a going concern, which contemplates that we will realize our assets and satisfy our liabilities and commitments in the ordinary
course of business. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

13 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-2 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 202 1 
 F-3 

Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 202 1 
 F-4 

Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 202 
 F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 202 1 
 F-6 

Notes to the Financial Statements 
 F-7 - F-10 

F- 1 

Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the shareholders and the board of directors
of Bellatora, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Bellatora, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit),
and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In
our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company s
significant operating losses raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

Critical audit matters
are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. 

We determined that there
are no critical audit matters. 

/S/ (PCAOB ID 5041) 

We have served as the Company's auditor since
2021 

March 30, 2023 

F- 2 

BELLATORA, INC. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Total current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Accrued interest 

Notes payable related parties 

Total current liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, - - shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, 
 shares issued and outstanding, respectively as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

BELLATORA, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year 
 Year 

Ended 
 Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 

Revenues 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross margin 

Operating expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income and expense: 

Gain on the extinguishment of debt 

Interest expense 

Total other income and expense 

Net income (loss) 

Basic and diluted loss per share 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding: 

Basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 4 

BELLATORA, INC 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Issuance of common shares related party 

Issuance of warrants - related party 

Net income 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 5 

BELLATORA, INC 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year 
 Year 

Ended 
 Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows used in operating activities 

Net income (loss) from operations 

Stock based compensation 

Gain on the extinguishment of debt 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Changes in assets and liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued interest 

Accrued liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows provided by financing activities 

Common stock issued for cash 

Warrants issued for cash 

Notes payable related party 

Advances by related party 

Repayment of advances by related 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 6 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

and respectively. 

On
Dec. 18, 2019, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) released Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2019-12, which affects general
principles within Topic 740, Income Taxes. The amendments of ASU 2019-12 are meant to simplify and reduce the cost of accounting for income
taxes. The FASB has stated that the ASU is being issued as part of its Simplification Initiative, which is meant to reduce complexity
in accounting standards by improving certain areas of generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) without compromising information
provided to users of financial statements. The Company adopted this guidance on January
1, 2021 which had no impact on the Company s financial statements. 

and a working capital deficit of . 

The Company does not expect to generate operating
cash flow that will be sufficient to fund presently anticipated operations. This raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. Therefore, the Company will need to raise additional funds and is currently exploring alternative sources
of financing to supplement expected cash flow. Currently the company s operations are being funded by a related party. The Company
will be required to continue to do so until its operations become profitable. However, there can be no assurance that the related party
will continue to fund the Company or that other sources of additional debt or equity financing will be available to the Company on acceptable
terms, or at all. 

and , respectively in accrued liabilities. These accrued liabilities represent amounts that the Company
received cash for and recorded as revenue but was unable to document revenue recognition under the guidelines of ASC 606. They will remain
as liabilities until the Company can document the sales or until the statute of limitations expires on these liabilities. 

Promissory Note Agreement at 24 interest with Coral Investment Partners CIP . CIP s managing director
is Erik Nelson who is also the CEO of the Company. On March 31, 2022, CIP increased its Promissory Note to by funding another
 20,000 loan to the Company. Subsequently CIP made an additional loan of 40,000 on September 15, 2022 to bring the total loan balance
to . As of December 31, 2022 the balance due to CIP was plus in accrued interest. 

shares
of par value common stock. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 the Company had and common shares
issued and outstanding, respectively. On June 18, 2021 CIP purchased shares of common stock warrants for a total
of . The common shares share were valued at 0.0002 which was the quoted stock market price of the Company s common stock,
as of the date of purchase, or . As a result the Company recorded in stock based compensation on its Statement of Operations. 

F- 10 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not applicable 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange
Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management,
including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management has determined that disclosure control and procedures
were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting . 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act.
Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

14 

Our management assessed the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting based on the parameters set forth above and has concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our
internal control over financial reporting was not effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles as
a result of the following material weaknesses: 

The Company does not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions due to only having one officer and limited resources. 

The Company does not have an independent board of directors or an audit committee. 

The Company does not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. 

All of the Company s financial reporting is carried out by a financial consultant. 

We plan to rectify these weaknesses by implementing
an independent board of directors, establishing written policies and procedures for our internal control of financial reporting, and hiring
additional accounting personnel at such time as we complete a reverse merger or similar business acquisition. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting. 

There have been no change in our internal control
over financial reporting during the year December 31, 2021 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

15 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth the names, ages,
and positions with us for each of our directors and officers as of December 31, 2022: 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 Erik S. Nelson 
 55 
 CEO, President, Chief Financial Officer and Director 

Erik S. Nelson, Chief Executive Office, President, Chief Financial
Officer and Director 

Erik S. Nelson, age 55, our sole director, was
appointed as CEO, President, and a Member of the Board of Directors on June 18, 2021. In addition to his role as Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, Mr. Nelson was the sole officer (CEO, President, and CFO) and sole Director of Vinings Holdings, Inc. (October 2019 
February 2021) Mr. Nelson is also the President of Coral Capital Advisors, LLC. an advisory services firm founded in 1995 that provides
services to privately held and publicly traded companies. Since September 2012, Mr. Nelson has been President of Mountain Share Transfer,
LLC, an SEC registered stock transfer agent. Mr. Nelson is a graduate of the University of Colorado (1989) with a Bachelor of Science
in Business Administration degree, with an emphasis in Finance. 

Mr. Nelson s specific experience and qualifications,
attributes or skills as listed below led to the conclusion that he should serve as a director: 

Mr. Nelson has a diverse knowledge of financial, legal, and operations management, public company management, accounting, audit preparation, due diligence reviews and SEC regulations. 

Mr. Nelson has experience in assisting companies to comply with the Securities and Exchange Commission rules, corporate reorganizations, and the FINRA corporate action process. Additionally, Mr. Nelson has extensive experience in evaluating business plans of companies in a variety of industries. 

Mr. Nelson is also the President of Coral Capital Advisors, LLC. an advisory services firm founded in 1995 that provides services to privately held and publicly traded companies. 

As President of Coral Capital Advisors, Mr. Nelson has consulted on several acquisitions and corporate restructurings. This includes the acquisition of Nexland, Inc. by Winstar Resources in 1999, ISNI.net, Inc. by Hawkeye Corp. in 2000, 3Pea Technologies, Inc. by Tika, Corp. in 2006, and Digitiliti, Inc. by Themescapes, Inc. in 2007. Additionally, Mr. Nelson provides due diligence services through his consulting firm, Coral Capital Advisors, LLC. 

Mr. Nelson is also the President of Mountain Share Transfer, LLC, an SEC registered stock transfer agent since September 2012. As President of Mountain Share Transfer, Mr. Nelson has gained valuable experience in operational management for public and private companies, and corporate governance for over 50 public company clients. 

Mr. Nelson has experience in preparing companies for audits. 

16 

Mr. Nelson is experienced in corporate record keeping resulting in part from his experience in stock record keeping related to companies which are clients of Mr. Nelson s company, Mountain Share Transfer, LLC. Mr. Nelson has experience in filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for companies he consults for including 10-K s, 10-Q s, Registration Statements, 8-K s, Section 14 Compliance, and financial reporting. 

Mr. Nelson has served as a member of the Board of Directors of the following publicly traded companies: Ridgedale Holdings, Inc., BitMine Immersion Technologies, Inc., Vinings Holdings, Inc., Nocera, Inc., Wolverine Holding Corp., and Cyclone Holdings, Inc. 

Mountain Share Transfer and Erik Nelson consented
to an SEC Order in 2015 related to failure to file an updated correct TA-1 Form and other administrative violations and disclosure matters
of the Transfer Agent, Mountain Share Transfer (Administrative Proceeding file no. 3-16378, 34 Act Rel. no. 74226). Mr. Nelson was disciplined
by the NASD in 1995 for misconduct involving accounts when he was acting as a registered broker representative. He consented to censure,
and a bar from being a representative, and was fined 50,000. He had been terminated as a registered representative and has not been reinstated
since then. 

Additional Information 

Pursuant to the definition contained with the
Securities Act, Mr. Nelson is deemed to be a promoter of this Company and those listed below. 

The business purpose of this blank check company
as well as the previous blank check companies that Mr. Nelson was involved with, were to engage in a business merger or acquisition with
an unidentified company or companies. 

The information below summarizes all of the blank
check companies, which filed a registration statement on Form 10-12g, with which Mr. Nelson has been affiliated with within the past five
years. 

Name of Company 
 Date of Transaction 
 
 Compensation 
 Received in shares/ 
 Retained in the Transaction 
 
 Shares Received/ 
 Retained in the Transaction 
 
 Sandy Springs Holdings, Inc. 
 July 16, 2021 (2) 
 106,922 (3) 
 1,505,000 (3) 
 
 Vinings Holdings, Inc. 
 February 12, 2021 (4) 
 300,000 (4) 
 400,000 (4) 
 
 Nocera, Inc. (5) 
 December 31, 2018 
 175,000 (5) 
 652,600 (5) 

Name of Issuer 
 
Market Ticker 
 Positions 
 From 
MM - YYYY 
 To 
MM-YYYY 
 
 Ridgedale Holdings, Inc. 
 OTC - RDGH 
 President, Secretary, Director 
 10 - 2020 
 Present 
 
 Sandy Springs Holdings, Inc. (2) 
 OTC - SSHI 
 President, CFO, Secretary, Director (3a) 
 08 - 2019 
 Present 
 
 Vinings Holdings, Inc. (4) 
 OTC - COEP 
 CEO, CFO, Secretary, Director 
 10 - 2019 
 02 - 2021 
 
 Nocera, Inc. (5) 
 OTC - NCRA 
 CEO, CFO, Secretary, Director 
 08 - 2002 
 12 -2021 

______________________ 

 (1) Ridgedale Holdings, Inc. f/k/a UAN Power Corp.
filed a Form 10 Registration Statement on November 17 t, 2021. To date, the Company has not engaged in any business combination
transaction. 

(2) Sandy Springs Holdings, Inc. f/k/a Renewable
Energy Solutions, Inc., filed a Form 10 Registration Statement on October 27, 2020. By a written consent dated July 16, 2021, holders
of a majority of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock approved a resolution to appoint Jonathan Bates, Raymond Mow,
Michael Maloney and Seth Bayles (the New Directors to the board of directors of the Company, and to appoint Jonathan Bates
as Chairman. At the same time, the shareholders approved the issuance of 34,749,999 shares of common stock in the Company s offering
of common stock at 0.015 per share. The New Directors or their affiliates acquired an aggregate of 21,450,000 shares of common stock
in the offering. 

17 

The appointment of the New Directors to the Company s
board, and sale to the New Directors of a controlling interest in the Company, were made in order to enable the Company to enter the business
of creating a hosting center for Bitcoin mining computers primarily utilizing immersion cooling technology, as well mining the Bitcoin
digital currency for its own account. 

(3) Following the acquisition of the controlling
interest, the promissory note to Coral Investment Partners was repaid in full. Coral Investment Partners retained 1,505,000 common shares
representing 3.68 of the issued and outstanding shares of Sandy Springs Holdings, Inc. Additionally, Coral Investment Partners holds
500,000 Class A Warrants exercisable at 2.00/share, and 500,000 Class B Warrants exercisable at 5.00/share. No other fees have been
paid to Coral Investment Partners or Mr. Nelson. In July of 2021, Sandy Springs Holdings, Inc. amended its Articles of Incorporation to
change the name of the company to BitMine Immersion Technologies, Inc. 

(3a) On July 16, 2021, Erik S. Nelson resigned
as Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary. Mr. Nelson remains the President of the Company. 

(4) Vinings Holdings, Inc. f/k/a NaeroDynamics,
Inc. filed a Form 10 Registration Statement on August 12, 2020. On February 12, 2021, Vinings Holdings completed the acquisition of Coeptis
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. At the time of the acquisition the outstanding promissory note to Coral Investment Partners in the amount of 51,835
was repaid in full. Additionally, at the closing of the merger, Coeptis Pharmaceuticals purchased 328,000 of its common shares from Coral
Investment Partners for an aggregate of approximately 247,165; and Coral Investment Partners sold 8,000 Series B Preferred shares to
the CEO of the Company for 1,000. Coral Investment Partners retained 400,000 common shares, 500,000 Class A Warrants exercisable at 2.00/share,
and 500,000 Class B Warrants exercisable at 5.00/share. Following the completion of the acquisition, Vinings Holdings changed its name
to Coeptis Therapeutics, Inc. 

(5) Nocera, Inc. filed a Form 10 Registration
Statement on October 19, 2018. On December 31, 2018 the company acquired Grand Smooth Inc., Ltd. GSI ), a Taiwan based company
involved in the production of Recirculating Aquaculture Systems RAS for land based fish farms. Concurrent with the closing
of the acquisition, GSI contributed 175,000 to Nocera which was disbursed to Nelson Fiorino Holdings, LLC. for the settlement of any
tax issues relating to foreign ownership reporting, and clearance thereof from the IRS, and payment of any costs and assessments therefrom,
after which time any balance left shall be released to Nelson Fiorino Holdings, LLC, as compensation for managing the process. At the
time of the merger, Nelson Fiorino Holdings owned 1,000,000 common shares, 500,000 Class A Warrants exercisable at 0.50/share, and 500,000
Class B Warrants exercisable at 1.00/share. Mr. Nelson held a 50 interest in Nelson Fiorino Holdings. At the time of the merger, Coral
Investment Partners owned 150,000 common shares, 150,000 Class A Warrants, and 150,000 Class B Warrants. Mr. Nelson remains the beneficial
owner of 652,600 shares representing 7.15 of the issued outstanding shares. On December 31, 2018 Mr. Nelson resigned as President
and CFO of Nocera, Inc. On December 31, 2021 Mr. Nelson resigned as Secretary and a member of the Board of Directors of Nocera, Inc. 

The information below summarizes all of the blank
check companies, which have not filed a registration statement, with which Mr. Nelson has been associated. 

Mr. Nelson was appointed President and sole Director
of Digital Day Agency, Inc. on December 2, 2020. The shares of Digital Day Agency, Inc. currently trade on the OTC market with the ticker
symbol DDDA . Coral Investment Partners is the beneficial owner of 1,000,000 shares of the Company. Digital Day Agency has
not engaged in any business combination and is not currently seeking any business combination, merger, or acquisition. 

Mr. Nelson was appointed President and a member
of the Board of Directors of ATI Networks, Inc. on July 20, 2021. The shares of ATI Networks are currently traded on the OTC market under
the ticker symbol ATIW . The Company has not engaged in any business combination and is not currently seeking any business
combination, merger, or acquisition. 

18 

Election of Directors and Officers 

Directors are elected to serve until the next
annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. Officers are appointed to serve until the meeting
of the Board following the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. Audit 

Committee 

We do not have any committees of the Board as
we only have one director. 

Director Independence 

We do not currently have any independent directors.
We evaluate independence by the standards for director independence established by Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Nasdaq Stock Market,
Inc. 

Board Leadership Structure 

We have chosen to combine the Chief Executive
Officer and Board Chairman positions since one person is our sole officer and director. 

Code of Ethics 

Our Board has not adopted a Code of Ethics due
to the Company s size and lack of employees. As of the date of this Report, our sole director is also our Chief Executive Officer. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

None 

19 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following information is related to the compensation
paid, distributed, or accrued by us for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 to our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive
officer) during the last fiscal year and the two other most highly compensated executive officers serving as of the end of the last fiscal
year whose compensation exceeded 100,000 (the Named Executive Officers ): 

From January 1, 2020 to June 18, 2020, Atom Miller
was the chief executive officer and sole director. On June 18, 2021, Mr. Miller resigned all positions and Erik S. Nelson was appointed
our chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer and sole director. 

Executive Officer Compensation 

Executive compensation for the years ended December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was as follows: 

NONQUALIFIED 
 ALL 

STOCK 
 OPTIONS 
 DEFERRED 
 OTHER 

SALARY 
 BONUS 
 AWARDS 
 AWARDS 
 COMPENSATION 
 COMP 

NAME AND
 PRINCIPAL POSITION 
 YEAR 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 TOTAL 

Atom Miller, 
 
 2020 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director (1) 
 2021 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Erik S. Nelson, 
 
 2021 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 12,464(3) 
 12,464 
 
 President, Chief Financial Officer Director (2) 
 2022 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

______________________________________ 

(1) 
 Atom Miller served as Chief Executive Officer and Director from January 1, 2020 to June 18, 2021. 
 
 (2) 
 Mr. Erik S. Nelson, our sole officer and director, was appointed Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer and member of the Board of Directors on June 18, 2021. 
 
 (3) 
 Mr. Nelson s all other compensation for 2021 consists of his proportionate share of 100,000,000 shares of common stock issued to Coral Investment Partners, LP CIP for 1,000 cash. The shares were valued at 0.0002, or 20,000, which was their market price on the date of the transaction, and the difference of 19,000 was accounted for as compensation. Mr. Nelson s proportionate interest in CIP is 65.6 , consisting of a 57 interest as a limited partner and a 20 carried interest held by the general partner in the percentage of CIP held by outside investors. The general partner is owned by Mr. Nelson. 

Director Compensation 

We did not have any directors who were not executive
officers during the preceding fiscal year, and therefore their compensation is disclosed above as executive officers pursuant to Item
402(r)(2)(i) of Regulation S-K. 

Named Executive Officer Employment Agreements 

None. 

20 

Termination Provisions 

As of the date of this Report, we have no contract,
agreement, plan, or arrangement, whether written or unwritten, that provides for payments to a Named Executive Officer at, following,
or in connection with any termination, including without limitation resignation, severance, retirement or a constructive termination of
a Named Executive Officer, or a change in control of the Company or a change in the Named Executive Officer s responsibilities,
with respect to each Named Executive Officer. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

As of December 31, 2022, none of our Named Executive
Officers held any unexercised options, stock that have not vested, or other equity incentive plan awards. 

Director Compensation 

To date, we have not paid our director any compensation
for services on our Board. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The Company does not have any securities authorized
for issuance or outstanding under an equity compensation plan or equity compensation grants made outside of such a plan. 

CONFLICTS OF INTEREST - GENERAL 

Our directors and officers are, or may become,
in their individual capacities, officers, directors, controlling shareholder and/or partners of other entities engaged in a variety of
businesses. Thus, there exist potential conflicts of interest including, among other things, time, efforts and corporation opportunity,
involved in participation with such other business entities. While our sole officer and director of our business is engaged in business
activities outside of our business, he devotes to our business such time as he believes to be necessary. In addition to the business activities
listed above, Mr. Nelson is involved with the following businesses: 

Sterling Holdings Investments, LLC.: A holding company with no direct operations. Sterling Holdings and Investments hold s the ownership of Coral Capital Advisors, LLC. and Mountain Share Transfer, LLC. 

Coral Capital Advisors, LLC.: An independent consulting and advisory firm focused on companies and participants in the lower and middle markets. 

Mountain Share Transfer, LLC.: A SEC registered stock transfer agent servicing privately held and publicly traded companies. 

Coral Investment Partners, LP.: A private partnership formed for the purpose of providing capital for the restructuring of dormant public companies. 

Nelson Fiorino Holdings, LLC.: A holding company formed for the purpose of holding shares of Nocera, Inc. owned by Marina Fiorino and Mr. Nelson. 

The Midnight Mining Company: President and Director. Mr. Nelson was appointed President and a member of the Board of Directors in April of 2017. The Midnight Mining Company, while no longer involved in the mining industry or owning any mining claims, is a holding company with approximately 448 shareholders. 

Thus, there exist potential conflicts of interest
including, among other things, time, efforts and corporation opportunity, involved in participation with such other business entities.
While officers and the sole director of our business are engaged in business activities outside of our business, they devote to our business
such time as they believe to be necessary. 

21 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following tables set forth as of March 1,
2023 the number and percentage of the outstanding shares of common stock, which according to the information available to us, were beneficially
owned by: 

(i) 
 each person who is currently a director, 

(ii) 
 each executive officer, 

(iii) 
 all current directors and executive officers as a group, and 

(iv) 
 each person who is known by us to own beneficially more than 5 of our outstanding common stock. 

Except as otherwise indicated, the persons named
in the table have sole voting and dispositive power with respect to all shares beneficially owned, subject to community property laws
where applicable. 

OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS 

Title of Class 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Owner 
 Percent of Class Outstanding (2) 
 
 Common Shares 
 
 Coral Investment Partners, LP, 
 c/o Erik S. Nelson, 
 Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer,
 and Director (3) 
 100,000,000 
 71 

Common Shares 
 All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (1 person) 
 100,000,000 
 71 

(1) 
 The address of each person listed above, unless otherwise indicated, is c/o Bellatora, Inc., 2030 Powers Ferry Road SE, Suite 212, Atlanta, GA 30339. 

(2) 
 Based upon 140,790,867 common shares issued and outstanding on a fully diluted basis. 

(3) 
 Mr. Nelson s beneficial ownership is based on 100,000,000 shares owned by Coral Capital Investment Partners, LP Coral ). Mr. Nelson owns the general partner of Coral and controls the decision to vote and dispose of all shares owned by Coral. Mr. Nelson disclaims any beneficial ownership in shares owned by Coral over his beneficial ownership in Coral. Mr. Nelson s beneficial ownership does not include 50,000,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of Class A Warrants for 0.01 per share until June 20, 2026 and 50,000,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of Class B Warrants for 0.025 per share until June 20, 2026 since the Class A Warrants and Class B Warrants prohibit their exercise if such exercise would result in Mr. Nelson having beneficial ownership of more than 4.99 (or, if the holder elects, 9.99 of the Company s outstanding stock. 

22 

GREATER THAN 5 STOCKHOLDERS 

Title of Class 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Owner 
 Percent of Class Outstanding (2) 
 
 Common Shares 
 
 Coral Investment Partners, LP, 
 c/o Erik S. Nelson, 
 Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer,
 and Director (3) 
 100,000,000 
 71 

Common Shares 
 
 Atom Miller 
 10205 Barrel Ridge St. 
 Las Vegas, NV 89183 
 24,000,000 
 17 

(1) 
 The address of each person listed above, unless otherwise indicated, is c/o Bellatora, Inc., 2030 Powers Ferry Road SE, Suite 212, Atlanta, GA 30339. 

(2) 
 Based upon 140,790,687 common shares issued and outstanding on a fully diluted basis. 

(3) 
 Mr. Nelson s beneficial ownership is based on 100,000,000 shares owned by Coral Capital Investment Partners, LP Coral ). Mr. Nelson owns the general partner of Coral and controls the decision to vote and dispose of all shares owned by Coral. Mr. Nelson disclaims any beneficial ownership in shares owned by Coral over his beneficial ownership in Coral. Mr. Nelson s beneficial ownership does not include 50,000,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of Class A Warrants for 0.01 per share until June 20, 2026 and 50,000,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of Class B Warrants for 0.025 per share until June 20, 2026 since the Class A Warrants and Class B Warrants prohibit their exercise if such exercise would result in Mr. Nelson having beneficial ownership of more than 4.99 (or, if the holder elects, 9.99 of the Company s outstanding stock. 

Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 governs the determination of beneficial ownership of securities. That rule provides that a beneficial owner of a security includes
any person who directly or indirectly has or shares voting power and/or investment power with respect to such security. Rule 13d-3 also
provides that a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who has the right to acquire beneficial ownership of such security
within sixty days, including through the exercise of any option, warrant or conversion of a security. Any securities not outstanding which
are subject to such options, warrants or conversion privileges are deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage
of outstanding securities of the class owned by such person. Those securities are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing
the percentage of the class owned by any other person. 

As of the date of this filing and since September
30, 2021, there have been no issuances of any class of stock, or any other security . 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

BF Borgers, CPA PC served as our independent auditors
for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The following table shows the fees paid or accrued
for the audit and other services provided by our independent auditors for the years ended: 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees 
 49,100 
 21,600 
 
 Total fees paid or accrued to our principal accountant 
 49,100 
 21,600 

23 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

The following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report. 

Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Filed or Furnished 
 
 Exhibit # 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Date 
 
 Number 
 
 Herewith 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 

X 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certifications pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 

X 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

X 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document 

X 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

X 

24 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange
Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Bellatora, Inc. 

Dated: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Erik Nelson 

Erik Nelson 
Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

25 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 bellatora_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I, Erik Nelson, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form
10-K of Bellatora, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Dated: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Erik Nelson 

Erik Nelson 
Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer and 
Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 bellatora_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Bellatora, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Erik Nelson, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Erik Nelson 

Erik Nelson 
Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer and 
Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 ecgr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 ecgr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 ecgr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 ecgr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

