<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230314_10-K_edgar_data_8868_0000008868-23-000005.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>23475390</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>456177</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3005859</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8750283</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5575575</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5275497</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000008868-23-000005.hdr.sgml : 20230314
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230314162449
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000008868-23-000005
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		143
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230314
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230314

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AVON PRODUCTS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000008868
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PERFUMES, COSMETICS & OTHER TOILET PREPARATIONS [2844]
		IRS NUMBER:				130544597
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04881
		FILM NUMBER:		23731353

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 AVON PLACE
		CITY:			SUFFERN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10901
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8453692000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 AVON PLACE
		CITY:			SUFFERN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10901

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000008868-23-000005.txt : 20230314

10-K
 1
 avp-20221231.htm
 10-K

avp-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _________________________ 
 FORM Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 _________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 + - - 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s): Name of each exchange on which registered None None None 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 _________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 
 Note: The registrant is a voluntary filer of reports required to be filed by certain companies under Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller 

reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o x 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting Common Stock (par value .25) held by non-affiliates at June 30, 2022 (the last business day of our most recently completed second quarter) was . 
 The number of shares of Common Stock (par value .01) outstanding at January 30, 2023, was 
 The registrant meets the conditions sets forth in General Instruction I(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K and is therefore filing this Form with the reduced disclosure format 

Table of Contents Item Page Part I Item 1 Business 
 4 - 10 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 10 - 30 
 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 
 30 
 Item 2 Properties 
 30 
 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 
 31 
 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 31 
 Part II Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 32 
 Item 6 [Reserved] 
 32 
 Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 - 54 
 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 54 - 55 
 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 55 
 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 55 
 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 
 55 - 56 
 Item 9B Other Information 
 56 
 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 56 
 Part III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 57 
 Item 11 Executive Compensation 
 57 
 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 57 
 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 57 
 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 57 - 58 
 Part IV Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 
 59 - 63 
 15 (a) 1 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 59 
 15 (a) 2 Financial Statement Schedule 
 59 
 15 (a) 3 Index to Exhibits 
 59 - 63 
 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 
 63 
 Signatures 
 64 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT FOR PURPOSES OF THE "SAFE HARBOR" STATEMENT UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 
 Statements in this report (or in the documents it incorporates by reference) that are not historical facts or information may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as "estimate," "project," "forecast," "plan," "believe," "may," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "planned," "potential," "can," "expectation," "could," "will," "would" and similar expressions, or the negative of those expressions, may identify forward-looking statements. They include, among other things, statements regarding our anticipated or expected results, future financial performance, various strategies and initiatives (including our Open Up Grow and Avon Integration plans, stabilization strategies, digital strategies, cost savings initiatives, restructuring and other initiatives and related actions), costs and cost savings, competitive advantages, impairments, the impact of foreign currency, including devaluations, and other laws and regulations, government investigations, results of litigation, contingencies, taxes and tax rates, potential alliances or divestitures, liquidity, cash flow, uses of cash and financing, hedging and risk management strategies, pension, postretirement and incentive compensation plans, supply chain, the legal status of the Representatives, and the anticipated impact of the evolving COVID-19 pandemic and related responses from governments and private sector participants on the Company, its supply chain, third-party suppliers, project development timelines, costs, revenue, margins, liquidity and financial condition, the anticipated timing, speed and magnitude of recovery from these COVID-19 pandemic related impacts and the Company s planned actions and responses to this pandemic. Such forward-looking statements are based on management's reasonable current assumptions, expectations, plans and forecasts regarding the Company's current or future results and future business and economic conditions more generally. Such forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievement of Avon to be materially different from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements, and there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from management's expectations. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements as predictors of future events. Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: 
 general economic and business conditions in our markets, including social, economic and political uncertainties, such as the ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia or elsewhere, and any existing and potential sanctions, restrictions or responses to such conditions imposed by other markets in which we operate. See also Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our International Operations Our ability to conduct business in our international markets may be affected by economic, political, legal, tax and regulatory risks and Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our International Operations The ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations 
 our ability to improve our financial and operational performance and execute fully our global business strategy, including our ability to implement the key initiatives of, and/or realize the projected benefits (in the amounts and time schedules we expect) from Open Up Grow and Avon Integration plans, stabilization strategies, cost savings initiatives, restructuring and other initiatives, product mix and pricing strategies, enterprise resource planning, customer service initiatives, sales and operation planning process, outsourcing strategies, digital strategies, Internet platform and technology strategies including e-commerce, marketing and advertising strategies, information technology and related system enhancements and cash management, tax, foreign currency hedging and risk management strategies, and any plans to invest these projected benefits ahead of future growth; 
 our broad-based geographic portfolio, which is heavily weighted towards emerging markets, a general economic downturn, a recession globally or in one or more of our geographic regions or markets, such as Brazil or Russia, or sudden disruption in business conditions, and the ability to withstand an economic downturn, recession, cost inflation, commodity cost pressures, economic or political instability (including fluctuations in foreign exchange rates), competitive or other market pressures or conditions; 
 the COVID-19 pandemic is adversely affecting, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, our operations, manufacturing, supply chains and distribution systems. There is uncertainty around the duration and breadth of the COVID-19 pandemic and the effectiveness of responses to it, including as a result of the emergence of new variants, the rollout of vaccination campaigns and uncertainty as to whether existing vaccines and treatments will be effective against these new variants. As a result, we cannot reasonably estimate at this time the continued impact, that COVID-19 may have on our business or operations. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact including on financial markets or otherwise. See also "Item 1A. Risk Factors The COVID-19 pandemic is adversely affecting, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, our operations, manufacturing, supply chains and distribution systems, and we have experienced and expect to continue to experience unpredictable negative effects associated with the pandemic"; 
 1 

the effect of economic factors, including inflation and fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates; as well as the designation of Argentina and Turkey as highly inflationary economies, and the potential effect of such factors on our business, results of operations and financial condition; 
 the possibility of business disruption in connection with our Open Up Grow and Avon Integration plans, stabilization strategies, cost savings initiatives, or restructuring and other initiatives; 
 our ability to reverse declining revenue, to improve margins and net income, or to achieve profitable growth, particularly in our largest markets and developing and emerging markets, such as Brazil, Russia and the United Kingdom; 
 our ability to improve working capital and effectively manage doubtful accounts and inventory and implement initiatives to reduce inventory levels, and the potential impact on cash flows and obsolescence; 
 our ability to reverse declines in Active Representatives, to enhance our sales leadership programs, to generate Representative activity, to increase the number of consumers served per Representative and their engagement online, to enhance branding and the Representative and consumer experience and increase Representative productivity through field activation and segmentation programs and technology tools and enablers, to invest in the direct-selling channel, to offer a more social selling experience, and to compete with other direct-selling organizations to recruit, retain and service Representatives and to continue to innovate the direct-selling model; 
 the effect of economic, political, legal, tax, including changes in tax rates, and other regulatory risks imposed on us abroad and in the U.S., our operations or the Representatives, including foreign exchange, pricing, environmental rules and regulations in areas related to our activities, including with regard to climate change, data privacy or other restrictions, the adoption, interpretation and enforcement of foreign laws, including in jurisdictions such as Brazil and Russia, and any changes thereto, as well as reviews and investigations by government regulators that have occurred or may occur from time to time, including, for example, local regulatory scrutiny; 
 competitive uncertainties in our markets, including competition from companies in the consumer packaged goods industry, some of which are larger than we are and have greater resources; 
 the impact of the adverse effect of volatile energy, commodity and raw material prices, changes in market trends, purchasing habits of our consumers and changes in consumer preferences, particularly given the global nature of our business and the conduct of our business in primarily one channel; 
 our ability to attract and retain key personnel; 
 disruptions to our manufacturing operations, supply chains and distribution systems; 
 other sudden disruption in business operations beyond our control as a result of events such as acts of terrorism or war, natural disasters, pandemic situations, large-scale power outages and similar events; 
 key information technology systems, process or site outages and disruptions, and any cybersecurity breaches, including any security breach of our systems or those of a third-party provider that results in the theft, transfer or unauthorized disclosure of Representative, customer, employee or Company information or compliance with information security and privacy laws and regulations in the event of such an incident which could disrupt business operations, result in the loss of critical and confidential information, and adversely impact our reputation and results of operations, and related costs to address such malicious intentional acts and to implement adequate preventative measures against cybersecurity breaches; 
 our ability to comply with various data privacy laws affecting the markets in which we do business; 
 the risk of product or ingredient shortages resulting from our concentration of sourcing in fewer suppliers; 
 any changes to our credit ratings and the impact of such changes on our financing costs, rates, terms, debt service obligations, access to lending sources and working capital needs; 
 the impact of our indebtedness, our access to cash and financing, and our ability to secure financing or financing at attractive rates and terms and conditions; 
 our ability to successfully identify new business opportunities, strategic alliances and strategic alternatives and identify and analyze alliance candidates, secure financing on favorable terms and negotiate and consummate alliances; 
 disruption in our supply chain or manufacturing and distribution operations; 
 the quality, safety and efficacy of our products; 
 the success of our research and development activities; 
 our ability to protect our intellectual property rights, including in connection with the separation of the North America business; 
 2 

the risk of an adverse outcome in any material pending and future litigation or with respect to the legal status of Representatives; and, 
 other risks and uncertainties include the possibility that the expected synergies and value creation from the Transaction (as defined in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Overview Merger with Natura Cosm ticos S.A. will not be realized or will not be realized within the expected time period; the risk that the businesses of the Company and Natura Co Holding will not be integrated successfully; disruption from the Transaction making it more difficult to maintain business and operational relationships; the possibility that the intended accounting and tax treatments of the Transaction are not achieved; the effect of the consummation of the Transaction on customers, employees, representatives, suppliers and partners and operating results; as well as more specific risks and uncertainties. 
 Additional information identifying such factors is contained in Item 1A of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and other reports and documents we file with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. 
 
 3 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 (U.S. dollars in millions, except per share data) 
 When used in this report, the terms "Avon," "Company," "we," "our" or "us" mean, unless the context otherwise indicates, Avon Products, Inc. and its majority and wholly owned subsidiaries. 
 General 
 We are a global manufacturer and marketer of beauty and related products. We commenced operations in 1886 and were incorporated in the State of New York on January 27, 1916. We conduct our business in the highly competitive beauty industry and compete against other consumer packaged goods ("CPG") and direct-selling companies to create, manufacture and market beauty and non-beauty-related products. Our product categories are Beauty and Fashion Home. Beauty consists of skincare, fragrance and color (cosmetics). Fashion Home consists of fashion jewelry, watches, apparel, footwear, accessories, gift and decorative products, housewares, entertainment and leisure products, children s products and nutritional products. 
 Our business is conducted primarily in one channel, direct selling, and our strategy is to expand to omnichannel. Since our merger with Natura Cosm ticos S.A., we have updated our reportable segments to align with how the business is currently operated and managed. We have identified two reportable segments based on geographic operations: Avon International and Avon Latin America. In prior periods, the Company reported four segments: Europe, Middle East and Africa, Asia Pacific, South Latin America and North Latin America. Financial information relating to our reportable segments is included in "Segment Review" within Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, which we refer to in this report as "MD A,", and in Note 14, Segment Information, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. We refer to each of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein as a "Note." Information about geographic areas is included in Note 14, Segment Information to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. All of our consolidated revenue is derived from operations of subsidiaries outside of the United States ("U.S."). 
 In May 2019 we and Natura Cosm ticos S.A., a Brazilian corporation (sociedade an nima) ("Natura Cosm ticos"), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Mergers (the "Merger Agreement"), pursuant to which the Company and Natura Cosm ticos were acquired by and became wholly-owned subsidiaries of Natura Co, Holding S.A., a Brazilian corporation (sociedade an nima) ("Natura Co") in January 2020. Natura has stock listed on the B3 S.A. - Brasil, Bolsa, Balc o stock exchange in Brazil and American Depositary Shares traded on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE"). With the completion of this transaction, our common stock was removed from trading on the NYSE, and we became a privately held company. 
 Distribution 
 During 2022, we had sales operations in 51 countries and territories, and distributed our products in 23 other countries and territories. At December 31, 2022, we had sales operations in 49 countries. 
 Unlike most of our CPG competitors, which sell their products through third-party retail establishments (e.g., drug stores and department stores), we primarily sell our products to the ultimate consumer through the direct-selling channel, with a strategy to expand to omnichannel. Our priority in the omnichannel model is to accelerate digital social selling through Representative engagement, activation, training, direct customer delivery service, and e-commerce. In our case, sales of our products are made to the ultimate consumer principally through direct selling by Representatives, who are independent contractors and not our employees. On average we had approximately 4 million Active Representatives during the year ended December 31, 2022, which represents the number of Representatives submitting an order in a sales campaign, totaled for all campaigns during the year and then divided by the number of campaigns. Representatives earn by purchasing products directly from us at a discount from a published brochure price and selling them to their customers, the ultimate consumer of our products. Representatives can start their Avon businesses for a nominal fee, or in some markets for no fee at all. We generally have no arrangements with end users of our products beyond the Representative, except as described below. No single Representative accounts for more than 10 of our net sales globally. 
 A Representative contacts their customers directly, selling primarily through our brochure (whether paper or online), which highlights new products and special promotions (or incentives) for each sales campaign. In this sense, the Representative, together with the brochure, are the "store" through which our products are sold. A brochure introducing a new sales campaign is typically generated every three to four weeks. A purchase order is processed and the products are picked at a distribution center and delivered to the Representative usually through a combination of local and national delivery companies. Historically, the Representative then delivers the merchandise and collects payment from the customer for her own account. Several of our larger countries have begun to offer direct to customer delivery of the ordered products. A Representative generally receives a refund of the price the Representative paid for a product if the Representative chooses to return it. 
 We employ certain web-enabled systems to increase Representative support, which allow a Representative to run her or his business more efficiently and also allow us to improve our order-processing accuracy. For example, in many countries, 
 4 

Representatives can utilize the Internet to manage their business electronically, including order submission, order tracking, payment and communications with us. In addition, in many markets, Representatives can further build their own business through personalized web pages provided by us, enabling them to sell a complete line of our products online. Self-paced online training also is available in certain markets. We are actively deploying and training the Representatives on additional digital tools and sales methods to help increase its customer reach. 
 While we continue to grow the penetration of our Representative mobile application, AvonON, we are proud to have increased the usage by 24 in the year ended December 31, 2022, with a 12 increase in engaged users who access the app on a regularly basis in that year, which we believe will eventually lead to an increased number of Hybrid Representatives (who serve customers online offline). We believe this will be key to our retention growth of sellers segment at Avon since Hybrid Representatives have higher average sales and order more frequently. 
 In some markets, particularly in Asia Pacific, we use decentralized branches, satellite stores and independent retail operations (e.g., beauty boutiques) to serve Representatives and other customers. Representatives come to a branch to place and pick up product orders for their customers. The branches also create visibility of the Avon brand, channel with consumers and help reinforce our beauty image. In certain markets, we allow our beauty centers and other retail-oriented and direct-to-consumer opportunities to reach new customers in complementary ways to direct selling. Avon increasingly utilizes e-commerce and markets its products through consumer websites. 
 The recruiting or appointing and training of Representatives are the primary responsibilities of independent leaders supported by zone managers. Depending on the market and the responsibilities of the role, some of these individuals are our employees and some are independent contractors. Those who are employees are paid a salary and an incentive based primarily on the achievement of a sales objective in their district. Those who are independent contractors are rewarded primarily based on total sales achieved in their zones or downline team of recruited, trained and managed Representatives. Personal contacts, including recommendations from current Representatives (including the sales leadership program) and local market advertising constitute the primary means of obtaining new Representatives. The sales leadership program is a multi-level compensation program which gives Representatives, known as independent leaders, the opportunity to earn discounts on their own sales of our products, as well as commissions based on the net sales made by Representatives they have recruited and trained. This program generally limits the number of levels on which commissions can be earned to three. The primary responsibilities of independent leaders are the prospecting, appointing, training and development of their downline Representatives while maintaining a certain level of their own sales. As described above, the Representative is the "store" through which we primarily sell our products and, given the high rate of turnover among Representatives, which is a common characteristic of direct selling, it is critical that we recruit, retain and service Representatives on a continuing basis in order to maintain and grow our business. 
 From time to time, local governments and others question the legal status of Representatives or impose burdens inconsistent with their status as independent contractors, often in regard to possible coverage under social benefit laws that would require us (and, in most instances, the Representatives) to make regular contributions to government social benefit funds. Although we have generally been able to address these questions in a satisfactory manner, these questions can be raised again following regulatory changes in a jurisdiction or can be raised in other jurisdictions. If there should be a final determination adverse to us in a country, the cost for future, and possibly past, contributions could be so substantial in the context of the volume and profitability of our business in that country that we would consider discontinuing operations in that country. 
 Promotion and Marketing 
 Sales promotion and sales development activities are directed at assisting Representatives, through sales aids such as brochures, product samples, demonstration products and training. In order to support the efforts of Representatives to reach new customers, specially designed sales aids, digital content and tools, promotional pieces, customer flyers and various forms of advertising may be used. In addition, we seek to motivate the Representatives through the use of special incentive programs that reward superior sales performance. Periodic sales meetings with Representatives are conducted by the district sales or zone managers. We believe that the training meetings are an integral part of enabling the Representatives to provide customers with the advice and tools to better service her customer base as well as teach sales techniques and provide recognition for sales performance. 
 We use a number of merchandising techniques, including promotional pricing for new products, combination offers, trial sizes and samples, and the promotion of products packaged as gift items. In most markets, for each sales campaign, we publish a distinctive brochure (whether paper or online), in which we introduce new products and special promotions on selected items or give particular prominence to a particular category. 
 Competitive Conditions 
 We face competition from various products and product lines. The beauty and beauty-related products industry is highly competitive and the number of competitors and degree of competition that we face in this industry varies widely from country 
 5 

to country. We compete against products sold to consumers in a number of distribution methods, including direct selling, through the Internet, and through the mass market retail and prestige retail channels. 
 Specifically, due to the nature of the direct-selling channel, we often compete on a country-by-country basis with our direct-selling competitors. Unlike a typical CPG company, which operates within a broad-based consumer pool, direct sellers compete for representative or entrepreneurial talent by providing a more competitive earnings opportunity or "better deal" than that offered by the competition as well as significant competition from other non-direct selling earnings opportunities for which the existing Representatives or potential Representatives could avail themselves. Providing a compelling earnings opportunity for the Representatives is as critical as developing and marketing new and innovative products. As a result, in contrast to a typical CPG company, we must first compete for a limited pool of Representatives before we reach the ultimate consumer. 
 Within the broader CPG industry, we principally compete against large and well-known cosmetics (color), fragrance and skincare companies that manufacture and sell broad product lines through various types of retail establishments and other channels, including through the Internet. In addition, we compete against many other companies that manufacture and sell more narrow beauty product lines sold through retail establishments and other channels, including through the Internet. 
 We also have many global branded and private label competitors in the accessories, apparel, housewares, and gift and decorative products industries, including retail establishments, principally department stores, mass merchandisers, gift shops and specialty retailers. Our principal competition in the fashion jewelry industry consists of a few large companies and many small companies that sell fashion jewelry through department stores, mass merchandisers, specialty retailers and e-commerce. 
 We believe that the personalized customer service offered by the Representatives; the Representatives earnings opportunity as well as the amount and type of field incentives we offer the Representatives on a market-by-market basis; the high quality, attractive designs and prices of our products; the high level of new and innovative products; our easily recognized brand name; and our guarantee of product satisfaction are significant factors in helping to establish and maintain our competitive position. 
 International Operations 
 During 2022, our international operations, outside of the U.S., were conducted primarily through subsidiaries in 51 countries and territories. At December 31, 2022, this had reduced to 49 countries and territories. Outside of the U.S., our products were also distributed in 23 other countries and territories. In March 2016, we separated from our North America business, which had consisted of the Company's operations in the U.S., Canada and Puerto Rico; this business has been presented as discontinued operations for all periods presented. As a result, all of our consolidated revenue is derived from operations of subsidiaries outside of the U.S. During 2022, approximately 48 of our consolidated revenue was derived from Avon Latin America, and approximately 52 was derived from Avon International. Further, approximately 21 of our consolidated revenue during 2022 was derived from Brazil, which is our largest market and is included within the Avon Latin America reportable segment. 
 Our international operations are subject to risks inherent in conducting business abroad, including, but not limited to, the risk of adverse foreign currency fluctuations, foreign currency remittance restrictions, the ability to procure products, pandemic situations, unfavorable social, economic and political conditions, and other developments such as natural disasters. On February 6, 2023, a magnitude 7.8 earthquake occurred in a region of Turkey where approximately 25 of our Turkey-based Representatives and Sales Leaders are located. We are monitoring the impact of this event, which may adversely affect our revenues and levels of bad debt. 
 For more information, see "Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our International Operations Our ability to conduct business in our international markets may be affected by economic, political, legal, tax and regulatory risks" and " We are subject to financial risks as a result of our international operations, including exposure to foreign currency fluctuations and the impact of foreign currency restrictions." 
 Manufacturing and Sourcing 
 We manufacture and package the majority of our Beauty products, which are formulated and designed by our staff of chemists, designers and artists. Raw materials, consisting chiefly of essential oils, chemicals, containers and packaging components required for our Beauty products are purchased from a range of third-party suppliers. The remainder of our Beauty products and all of our Fashion Home products are purchased from various third-party manufacturers. 
 Our products are affected by the cost and availability of materials such as glass, fragrance and fuel. For the vast majority of items we have more than one source of supply available. We believe that we can continue to obtain sufficient raw materials and supplies to manufacture and produce our Beauty products for the foreseeable future. However, our ability to source the raw materials underlying our product offerings has been adversely affected by events beyond our control in recent years, including the COVID-19 pandemic and the ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia, both events which significantly affected the reliability of global supply chains for a wide range of consumer products. 
 Additionally, we design the brochures (whether paper or online) that are used by the Representatives to sell our products. The brochures are then produced on our behalf by a range of printing suppliers. 
 6 

The loss of any one supplier would not have a material impact on our ability to source raw materials for the majority of our Beauty products or source products for the remainder of our Beauty products and all of our Fashion Home products or paper for the brochures. However, our ability to source raw materials would be adversely affected if we were to lose multiple suppliers at once. 
 See "Item 2. Properties" for additional information regarding the location of our principal manufacturing facilities. 
 Product Categories 
 Both of our product categories individually account for 10 or more of consolidated net sales in 2022. The following is the percentage of net sales by product category for the years ended December 31: 
 2022 2021 2020 Beauty 78 74 74 Fashion Home 22 26 26 
 2022 and 2021 were impacted by certain indirect tax items in Brazil and is excluded from net sales in our calculation above. See Note 5: Revenue for more information. 
 Trademarks and Patents 
 Our business is not materially dependent on the existence of third-party patent, trademark or other third-party intellectual property rights, and we are not a party to any ongoing material licenses, franchises or concessions. We do seek to protect our key proprietary technologies by aggressively pursuing comprehensive patent coverage in major markets. We protect our Avon name and other major proprietary trademarks through registration of these trademarks in the relevant markets, monitoring the markets for infringement of such trademarks by others, and by taking appropriate steps to stop any infringing activities. 
 Seasonal Nature of Business 
 Our sales and earnings are typically affected by seasonal variations, a characteristic of many companies selling beauty, gift and 
 decorative products, apparel and fashion jewelry. For instance, our sales are generally highest during the fourth quarter due to 
 seasonal and holiday-related patterns. However, the sales volume of holiday gift items is, by its nature, difficult to forecast, and 
 taken as a whole, seasonality does not have a material impact on our financial results. 
 Research and Product Development Activities 
 New products are essential to growth in the highly competitive cosmetics industry. Our research and development ("R D") department s efforts are vital to developing new products, including formulating high performing beauty products relevant to women s needs, and improving existing products. As part of our Open Up Grow strategy and to improve our brand competitiveness, we are focusing on developing breakthrough new technology and product innovation to deliver accessible Beauty products that provide visible consumer benefits while also delivering the Company s ambitious sustainability goals. R D also works extensively with third party companies to bring in new ideas, help accelerate development time and deliver against local market trends. 
 Our global R D innovation center is located in Suffern, New York, which, as described in Item 2. Properties, will have its current activities transferred to Brazil and Poland by the end of its fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2024. There is a team of expert scientists, researchers and technicians applying the disciplines of science to developing and bringing products to market around the world. Relationships with dermatologists, scientists and other specialists enhance our ability to deliver new formulas and ingredients to market. Additionally, we have R D centers located in Brazil, China, Mexico, the Philippines, Poland, South Africa and the UK. 
 The amounts incurred on research activities relating to the development of new products and the improvement of existing products were 40.8 in 2022, 39.3 in 2021 and 36.5 in 2020. This research included the activities of product research and development and package design and development. Most of these activities were related to the design and development of Beauty products. 
 Environmental Matters 
 Compliance with environmental laws and regulations impacting our global operations has not had, and currently is not anticipated to have, a material adverse effect on our financial position, capital expenditures or competitive position. As part of the Natura Co group, we are now in the process of working towards our B Corp accreditation, as set by B Lab, Inc., which we aim to achieve by 2026. 
 7 

As a B Corp, our board of directors would be required to promote the success of the Company for the benefit of our shareholders as a whole and, through our business and operations, to have a material positive impact on society and the environment, taken as a whole. As a result of the fact that our board of directors would be required to consider other stakeholders and issues in addition to shareholders interests, we may take in the future actions that we believe will benefit some or all of our stakeholders, even if those actions do not maximize our financial performance. For example, we may choose to revise our policies in ways that we believe will further promote environmental, social and governance issues, even though such changes may be more costly than other alternatives. Nonetheless, we believe that obtaining B Corp certification, and other environmental, social and governance certifications that we may obtain from time to time, would strengthen our credibility and trust among our customers, employees and business partners as well as within our industry by bolstering our commitment towards our stakeholders. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 At December 31, 2022, Avon employed approximately 13,000 employees. Of these, approximately 150 were employed in the United States. In Avon International females constituted approximately 66.5 of our workforce and 68.5 of our managerial employees and in Avon Latin America females constituted approximately 59.6 of our workforce and 56.5 of our managerial employees. 
 At Avon, we re the company that strives to put purpose, people and relationships at the heart of everything we do and we re committed to generating a positive environmental, economic and social impact for our communities across the globe. 
 We believe beauty is for everyone and that it is beautiful to be you. We celebrate our differences, champion self-expression and are committed to inclusion for all. We embrace diversity and individuality to build a culture that represents our communities and enables everyone to bring their best self to work. Our Avon Expectations for all Associates and Management clearly outline a minimum standard for appropriate behavior. Our employee resource groups enable Associates to have a safe space for learning, honest conversations, coaching and hold the business to account highlighting areas for improvement and providing feedback on policy and decision-making. 
 At Avon we are committed to protecting human rights and being humankind. Our aim is to close the gender pay equity gap by 2023 ensuring that associates who perform the same role in the same location with the same responsibilities, experience and performance should be paid equally whatever their gender is, which we have achieved. We also commit to 50 of women in senior management roles, which we are currently meeting. We are also committed to paying living wage or above to all our employees by 2023, which is also true. 
 We continue with our focus on inclusive hiring to accelerate diverse representation at all levels as well as building an inclusive culture through our employee networks and educational events throughout the year. Building a culture of psychological safety has been at the heart of our culture transformation, with a keynote and recommended learning for all associates as well as the start of our senior leader team effectiveness model to increase psychological safety in teams across the organization. 
 In 2022, we have also continued to strive for an inclusive and equitable culture through eliminating bias and discrimination in our practices and policies committing to equally honoring all family structures and relationships through our equity and inclusion position and our global menopause policy, supporting women through perimenopause and menopause through optimizing working conditions, flexible working and additional paid leave. 
 Avon International 
 In 2022, we demonstrated our purpose with our support to associates around the Ukrainian War to support people there with creative financial support packages, offers of relocation and help from neighboring countries (especially Poland and Romania). Many of our Polish and Romanian associates took up the opportunity of our new volunteering policy to support Ukrainian refugees as they arrived in the first few weeks of the war. We also ran webinars to support people with their mental well-being through times of crisis with over 1 000 people joining. Additionally, we also ran separate sessions with an external psychologist and crisis management consultant dedicated to People Managers to support provide them tools so they could support their teams in this stressful situation. 
 We continued focus on our Employee Value Proposition (EVP) - The Beauty of Doing Good , tracking progress every 6 months through our employee engagement survey, Glint. We have continued to focus on the growth of our associates, launching LinkedIn Learning in February and were delighted to achieve top quartile activation versus industry peers in the first year of launch. During last year we spent almost 10 000 hours learning and gaining new skills through LinkedIn Learning, 58 of our associates keep using the platform and we continue to engage them in gaining new skills. 
 We have continued to invest in building leaders at all levels of the organization The Leading with Heart program for first -time people managers covers key concepts critical to being an effective and compassionate leader. 274 associates attended this program. Through the Leading with Purpose program, participants learn how to leverage their personal strengths while 
 8 

maximizing impact as senior leaders. 442 associates attended this program. We have invested in executive coaching for leaders stepping up into critical leadership roles and continue to support leadership teams with ongoing team development support. 
 In July we held a Simple and Agile Hackathon to engage the whole organization to remove some of the pain points and bureaucracy in the organization, The first day was a day of learning with over 4887 hours of learning and on day 2, over 1473 associates joined session to hack 8 problems or opportunities. 
 One of the Hackathon topics was flexible working and associates worked together to explore different ways we can continue to deliver on our EVP promise to support associates to work in a way that works for you and we used the ideas to relaunch our flexible working philosophy trusting associates to manage their work, to work flexibly between the office and home to enable them to manage their whole lives. 
 We are really pleased that despite a year of people challenges, we have increased overall Engagement up 2 points and have continued to make progress against our key areas of focus. This has been reflected in our Glint scores, Feedback score up by 1 point, Manager up 2, Career stayed the same, Growth up 2, Equal Opportunity up 3. 
 Avon Latin America 
 By 2022, Glint's focus was to evolve the culture of continuous listening and ensure that steps were taken to increase engagement. There was a strong focus on internal movements of talent in managerial positions and above, with 87 of new roles in 2022 being filled by internal hires (administrative public only). We have also invested in executive coaching for leaders stepping up into critical leadership roles and continue to support leadership teams with ongoing team development support. We hold workshops with Avon leadership boards to focus on excellence on execution and to unleash the power of collaboration between areas. 
 Transformation Plan, Open Up Grow and Avon Integration 
 In January 2016, we announced a transformation plan (the "Transformation Plan") which was completed in 2018. In September 2018, we initiated a new strategy to return Avon to growth ("Open Up Avon"). In May 2020, the new leadership of Avon International refreshed our strategy ("Open Up Grow") which aims to return Avon International to growth over the next three years. 
 In addition, subsequent to the merger of Natura and Avon in January 2020, an integration plan (the "Avon Integration") was established to create the right global infrastructure to support the future vision of the Natura Co Group, while also identifying synergies primarily between Avon LATAM and Natura Co Latin America. 
 See "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Overview" for more information on these items. 
 Acquisitions and Dispositions 
 In May 2019 we and Natura Cosm ticos, a Brazilian corporation entered into the Merger Agreement, pursuant to which the Company and Natura Cosm ticos were acquired by and became wholly-owned subsidiaries of Natura Co Holding, S.A. ("Natura Co" or "Natura Co Holding") in January 2020. With the completion of this transaction, our common stock was removed from trading on the NYSE, and we became a privately held company. 
 During 2021, 2020 and 2019, we disposed of businesses and assets as part of the Open up Avon strategy and later the Open Up Grow strategy. In February, May and June 2019, we completed the sale of Avon Manufacturing (Guangzhou), Ltd, Maximin Corporation Sdn Bhd ("Malaysia Maximin") and the Rye office, respectively. In April and August 2020, we completed the sale of the Hungary distribution center and the China Wellness Plant, respectively. In June, September, November and December 2021, we completed the sale of a branch of our Italian business, the Spanish distribution center, the manufacturing business in India and the business in Saudi Arabia, respectively. 
 On July 1, 2021, the Company sold Avon Luxembourg, including our Mexican business, to a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding for 150, with the proceeds used to repay maturing loans of 150 borrowed under the 250 Revolving Credit Facility with a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding. 
 Refer to Note 3, Discontinued Operations and Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein, for additional information. 
 COVID-19 Pandemic 
 Beginning with the first quarter of 2020, there has been a worldwide impact from the COVID-19 pandemic as during 2020, many markets were subject to lockdown restrictions to varying degrees, which limited our ability to recruit and enroll Representatives, operate manufacturing facilities and distribution centers and to process and deliver orders. In 2021 and 2022, 
 9 

the continuing economic disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic also resulted in inflationary pressures on the cost of certain raw materials used in the production of essential items due to the increased demand for these inputs worldwide. 
 These inflationary pressures were compounded in 2022 by the ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia which adversely impacted energy prices around the globe and further increased inflationary pressures. As of the date of this report, we are unable to estimate the longer-term economic impact of the ongoing Russia-Ukraine war and of any further impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. We will continue to review our revenue, investments, expenses and cash outflows, as well as adjusting our relationships with suppliers. 
 Furthermore, the actions outlined above are continuously being re-evaluated in light of global developments relating to COVID-19. See also Item 1A. Risk Factors The COVID-19 pandemic is adversely affecting, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, our operations, manufacturing, supply chains and distribution systems, and we have experienced and expect to continue to experience unpredictable negative effects associated with the pandemic". 
 Ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia 
 On February 24, 2022, Russia launched a military invasion of Ukraine. The ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia has provoked strong reactions from the United States, the UK, the European Union (the EU and various other countries around the world, including the imposition of broad financial and economic sanctions against Russia. 
 As a result of the ongoing war in Ukraine, our Ukraine Distribution center operations are currently suspended for an indeterminate period with orders being shipped to the market from the Polish Distribution center instead. For more information, see "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Overview Ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia." 
 Website Access to Reports 
 Our filings with the SEC, including reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding the Company are available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we have filed or furnished the above-referenced reports. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 You should carefully consider each of the following risks and all of the other information in our Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto contained herein. Our business may also be adversely affected by risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial. If any of the events contemplated by the following discussion of risks should occur, our business, prospects, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and cash flows may be materially adversely affected. 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 The following is a summary of the risk factors our business faces. The list below is not exhaustive, and investors should read this Risk Factors section in full. Some of the risks we face include: 
 
 Summary of Risks Related to the Transaction 
 
 The expected benefits from integrating our operations with Natura Co s operations may not be achieved. Even if our respective operations are successfully integrated, we may not realize the full benefits of the Transaction, within the expected time frame, if at all. 
 Third parties may alter existing contracts or relationships with us as a result of the Transaction. Any loss or distraction of our customers, employees, Representatives, suppliers, vendors, distributors, landlords, lenders, licensors, joint venture partners and other business partners, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Summary of Risks Related to Our Business Strategy 
 
 Our ability to improve our financial and operational performance and implement our global business strategy is dependent upon a number of factors, and there can be no assurance if and when any of these initiatives will be successfully and fully executed or completed. 
 We may experience difficulties, delays or unexpected costs in completing Open Up Grow and Avon Integration and any other restructuring and cost-saving initiatives, including achieving any anticipated savings and benefits. If we are 
 10 

unable to realize these savings or benefits, or otherwise fail to invest in the growth initiatives, our business may be adversely affected. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to improve revenue, margins and net income, or achieve profitable growth in the future, particularly in our largest markets and developing and emerging markets, such as Brazil, Mexico and Russia. We cannot assure that our broad-based geographic portfolio will be able to withstand an economic downturn, recession, cost or wage inflation, commodity cost pressures, economic or political instability, competitive pressures or other market pressures in one or more particular regions. 
 
 Summary of Risks Related to Our Business Model 
 
 We face intense competition and can make no assurances about our ability to overcome our competitive challenges. If our advertising, promotional, merchandising or other marketing strategies are not successful, if we are unable to improve our product mix and offer new products that represent technological breakthroughs and are aligned with local preferences, if we do not successfully manage the timing of new product introductions or the profitability of these efforts, if we are unable to improve the Representative experience, or if for other reasons the Representatives or end customers perceive competitors products as having greater appeal, then our sales, results of operations and cash flows will be adversely affected. 
 Third-party suppliers provide, among other things, the raw materials required for our Beauty products. The loss of these suppliers, a supplier s inability to supply a raw material or a finished product or a disruption or interruption in the supply chain may adversely affect our business. We may be adversely affected by (i) fire, natural disasters, disease outbreaks or pandemics, such as COVID-19, shortages of goods, services or labor, delays in obtaining key supplies, strikes and stoppages, power shortages, failures in the systems, forest fires and deforestation, among others, where we are unable to otherwise service the affected region, (ii) significant disruptions in logistics infrastructure, and (iii) fluctuating fuel prices within our distribution network. 
 
 Summary of Risks Related to Our International Operations 
 
 We are subject to financial risks as a result of our international operations, including exposure to foreign currency fluctuations and the impact of foreign currency restrictions. There can be no assurance that foreign currency fluctuations and restrictions will not have a material adverse effect on our business, assets, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations or cash flows. 
 The ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia has resulted in the interruption of our operations in Ukraine for an indeterminate period and we cannot assure you that our business in Russia will not be interrupted as well. In addition, the ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia has provoked strong reactions from the United States, the UK, the EU and various other countries around the world, including the imposition of severe financial and economic sanctions on Russia which could have a material adverse effect on our business in that country. Furthermore, while the precise effect of the ongoing war and the sanctions on the Russian and global economies remains uncertain, should tensions continue to increase, financial markets may continue to experience significant volatility as well as economic and security consequences including, but not limited to, supply shortages of different kinds, increases in prices of commodities, including piped gas, oil and agricultural goods, significant disruptions in logistics infrastructure, telecommunications services, the risk of unavailability of information technology systems and infrastructure, among others. 
 Our ability to conduct business in our international markets may be affected by economic, political, legal, tax and regulatory risks. In the event that any jurisdiction in which we operate or plan to operate imposes any new laws, regulations, restrictions and/or other barriers to entry, our ability to expand may be limited and our growth and development may be adversely affected. 
 
 Summary of Risks Related to IT and Cybersecurity Matters 
 
 A failure, disruption, cyberattack, other breach in the security of an IT system or infrastructure that we utilize could adversely affect our business and reputation and increase our costs. Our and our third-party service providers data, IT systems and infrastructure may be vulnerable. 
 11 

Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential Representative or customer information or our failure or the perception by our Representatives or customers that we failed to comply with privacy laws or properly address privacy concerns could materially harm our business and standing with our Representatives and customers. We cannot provide assurance that our security measures will prevent further security breaches. 
 
 Summary of Risks Related to Financial Matters 
 
 Our credit ratings are below investment grade, which could limit our access to financing, affect the market price of our financing and increase financing costs. A downgrade in our credit ratings may adversely affect our access to liquidity. 
 We may not effectively manage risks associated with the replacement of benchmark indices. Interest rates on our financial instruments tied to benchmark rates, as well as the expenses associated with those financial instruments, may be adversely affected. 
 
 Summary of Risks Related to Legal Matters 
 
 We are involved, and may become involved in the future, in legal proceedings that, if adversely adjudicated or settled, could adversely affect our financial results. 
 For example, we have been named a defendant in numerous personal injury lawsuits filed in U.S. courts, alleging that certain talc products we sold in the past were contaminated with asbestos. We believe that the claims asserted against us in all of these cases are without merit. We are defending vigorously against these claims and will continue to do so. However, any adverse outcomes of legal proceedings or settlements, either in an individual case or in the aggregate, could be material and in excess to what has been accrued. 
 Government reviews, inquiries, investigations, and actions could harm our business or reputation. In addition, from time to time, we may conduct other investigations and reviews, the consequences of which could negatively impact our business or reputation. 
 
 Summary of General Risk Factors 
 
 A general economic downturn, a recession globally or in one or more of our geographic regions or markets or sudden disruption in business conditions or other challenges may adversely affect our business, our access to liquidity and capital, and our credit ratings. 
 Our success depends, in part, on our key personnel. We may not be able to attract, assimilate, develop or retain qualified personnel in the future, and our failure to do so could adversely affect our business, including the execution of our global business strategy. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic is adversely affecting, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, our operations, manufacturing, supply chains and distribution systems, and we have experienced and expect to continue to experience unpredictable negative effects associated with the pandemic. If the COVID-19 pandemic continues to adversely affect the global economy and/or adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity or results of operations, it may also increase the likelihood and/or magnitude of other risks described in this Risk Factors section. 
 
 Risks Related to the Transaction 
 
 Now that the Transaction has been consummated, the expected benefits from integrating our operations with Natura Co's operations may not be achieved. 
 The success of the Transaction depends, in part, on the ability of Natura Co and its subsidiaries and businesses other than Avon (including Natura Cosm ticos, Aesop, The Body Shop and their respective subsidiaries) and Avon to realize the expected benefits from integrating their respective operations. No assurance can be given that Natura Co and Avon will be able to integrate their respective operations without encountering difficulties, which may include, among other things, the loss of key employees, diversion of management attention, the disruption of our respective ongoing businesses or possible inconsistencies in standards, procedures and policies. Additionally, Natura Co and Avon may be required to make unanticipated capital expenditures or investments in order to maintain, integrate, improve or sustain our operations. Integrating our respective operations may involve additional unanticipated costs and financial risks, such as the incurrence of unexpected write-offs, the 
 12 

possible effect of adverse tax and accounting treatments and unanticipated or unknown liabilities relating to Natura Co or Avon. All of these factors could decrease or delay the expected accretive effect of the Transaction. 
 Even if our respective operations are successfully integrated, we may not realize the full benefits of the Transaction, including the synergies, cost savings and growth opportunities, within the expected time frame, if at all. Natura Co and Avon continue to evaluate the estimates of synergies to be realized from the Transaction. However, the actual cost savings, the costs required to realize the cost savings and the source of the cost savings could differ materially from the estimates of Natura Co and Avon. 
 Further, Natura Co and Avon may not achieve the targeted operating or long-term strategic benefits of the Transaction. In addition, Natura Co and Avon may not accelerate growth by increasing investments in digital, product innovation and brand initiatives. If Natura Co and Avon are unable to achieve the objectives, or are not able to achieve our objectives on a timely basis, the anticipated benefits of the Transaction may not be realized fully or at all. An inability to realize the full extent of, or any of, the anticipated benefits of the Transaction could have an adverse effect on the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of Natura Co and Avon and could limit Natura Co s and Avon s ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the Transaction. 
 In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has created significant volatility, uncertainty and economic disruption, which may adversely affect the Natura Co and Avon integration plans and may materially and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. For further information regarding the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations, please also see "Item 1A. Risk Factors The COVID-19 pandemic is adversely affecting, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, our operations, manufacturing, supply chains and distribution systems, and we have experienced and expect to continue to experience unpredictable negative effects associated with the pandemic. 
 
 Third parties may alter existing contracts or relationships with us as a result of the Transaction. 
 
 We have contracts with customers, employees, Representatives, suppliers, vendors, distributors, landlords, lenders, licensors, joint venture partners and other business partners. As a result of the Transaction, parties with which we have business and operational relationships may experience uncertainty as to the future of such relationships and may delay or defer certain business decisions, seek alternative relationships with third parties or seek to alter their present business relationships with us. Further, parties with whom we otherwise may have sought to establish business relationships may seek alternative relationships with third parties. 
 
 In addition, current and prospective employees and Representatives may experience uncertainty about their roles now that the Transaction has been consummated and such uncertainty may have an effect on our corporate culture. There can be no assurance we will be able to attract and retain key talent, including senior leaders, to the same extent that we have previously been able to attract and retain employees and sales representatives. Any loss or distraction of our customers, employees, Representatives, suppliers, vendors, distributors, landlords, lenders, licensors, joint venture partners and other business partners, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows and could limit our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the Transaction. 
 
 The combined company may not realize the cost savings, synergies and other benefits that the parties expect to achieve from the Transaction. 
 The combination of two independent companies is a complex, costly and time-consuming process. As a result, the combined company will be required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating the business practices and operations of Natura Co and Avon. The integration process may disrupt the business of either or both of the companies and, if implemented ineffectively, could preclude realization of the full benefits expected by Natura Co and Avon from the Transaction. The failure of the combined company to meet the challenges involved in successfully integrating the operations of Natura Co and Avon or otherwise to realize the anticipated benefits of the Transaction could cause an interruption of the activities of the combined company and could seriously harm its results of operations. In addition, the overall integration of the two companies may result in material unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities, competitive responses, loss of client relationships and diversion of management s attention, and may cause the combined company s share price to decline. The difficulties of combining the operations of the companies include, among others: 
 coordinating geographically separate organizations; 
 the potential diversion of management focus and resources from other strategic opportunities and from operational matters; 
 aligning and executing the strategy of the combined company; 
 13 

retaining existing independent beauty consultants and Sales Representatives and attracting new independent beauty consultants and Sales Representatives; 
 retaining existing customers and attracting new customers; 
 maintaining employee morale and retaining key management and other employees; 
 integrating two unique business cultures, which may prove to be incompatible; 
 the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations regarding the integration process; 
 consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures and eliminating duplicative operations; 
 coordinating distribution and marketing efforts; 
 integrating information technology, communications and other systems; 
 changes in applicable laws and regulations; 
 managing tax costs or inefficiencies associated with integrating the operations of the combined company; 
 unforeseen expenses or delays associated with the Transaction; and 
 taking actions that may be required in connection with obtaining regulatory approvals. 
 Many of these factors are out of the combined company s control and any one of them could result in increased costs, decreased revenues and diversion of management s time and energy, which could materially affect the combined company s business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, even if the operations of Natura Co and Avon are integrated successfully, the combined company may not realize the full benefits of the Transaction, including the synergies, cost savings or sales or growth opportunities that Natura Co and Avon expect. These benefits may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame, or at all. As a result, we cannot assure you that the combination of Natura Co and Avon will result in the realization of the full benefits anticipated from the Transaction. 
 
 The financial analyses and projections considered by Natura Co and Avon prior to the Transaction may not be realized. 
 The financial analyses and projections considered by Natura Co and Avon prior to the Transaction reflected numerous estimates and assumptions that were inherently uncertain with respect to industry performance and competition, general business, economic, market and financial conditions and matters specific to Natura Co s and Avon s businesses, including the factors entitled Forward-Looking Statements and/or entitled Item 3. Key Information D. Risk Factors, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond Natura Co s and Avon s control. There can be no assurance that the financial analyses and projections considered by Natura Co and Avon will be realized or that actual results will not materially vary from such financial analyses and projections. In addition, since the financial projections cover multiple years, such information by its nature becomes less predictive with each successive year. 
 
 The consummation of the Transaction limits our ability to utilize existing US tax credits and also could be further reduced pursuant to Sections 382 and 383 of the Code if an additional ownership change occurs in the future. 
 
 As of December 31, 2019, we had approximately 660 of foreign tax and other credits available to offset future income for U.S. federal tax purposes. As a result of the ownership change resulting from the Transaction the ability to use these credits has been limited to a range of approximately 108 to 178. Our ability to utilize such credits to offset future income could be further limited, however, if the Company undergoes an additional ownership change within the meaning of Section 382 of the Code. In general, an ownership change will occur if there is a cumulative increase in ownership of our stock by 5 shareholders (as defined in the Code) that exceeds 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year period. If the 50 percentage points are exceeded, Section 382 establishes an annual limitation on the amount of deferred tax assets attributable to previously incurred credits that may be used to offset taxable income in future years. A number of complex rules apply in calculating this limitation, and any such limitation would depend in part on the market value of the Company at the time of the ownership change and prevailing interest rates at the time of calculation. As a result, the magnitude of any potential limitation on the use of our deferred tax assets and the effect of such limitation on the Company if an ownership change were to occur is difficult to assess. However, if all or a portion of our deferred tax assets were to become subject to this limitation, our tax liability could increase significantly and our future results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted. Prospectively if we were to undergo a further ownership change these remaining credits could be further reduced. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business Strategy 
 
 14 

Our success depends on our ability to improve our financial and operational performance and execute fully our global business strategy. 
 
 Our ability to improve our financial and operational performance and implement the key initiatives of our global business strategy is dependent upon a number of factors, including our ability to: 
 implement Open Up Grow and Avon Integration stabilization strategies, cost savings initiatives, restructuring and other initiatives, and achieve anticipated savings and benefits from such programs and initiatives; 
 reverse declines in our market share and strengthen our brand image; 
 implement appropriate pricing strategies and product mix that are more aligned with the preferences of local markets and achieve anticipated benefits from these strategies; 
 reduce costs and effectively manage our cost structure, particularly selling, general and administrative SG A expenses; 
 improve our business in the markets where we operate, including through improving field health; 
 execute investments in information technology IT infrastructure and realize efficiencies across our supply chain, marketing processes, sales model and organizational structure; 
 implement and continue to innovate our digital strategies, Internet platform, technology strategies and customer service initiatives, including our ability to offer a more compelling social selling experience and the roll-out of e-commerce in certain markets, especially where innovative platforms and technologies may lead to a disruption of our operations, both online and offline; 
 effectively manage our outsourcing activities; 
 improve our marketing and advertising, including our brochures and our social media presence; 
 improve working capital, effectively manage inventory and implement initiatives to reduce inventory levels, including through our recent structural reset of inventory processes, and the potential impact on cash flows and obsolescence; 
 secure financing at attractive rates, maintain appropriate capital investment, capital structure and cash flow levels and implement cash management, tax, foreign currency hedging and risk management strategies; 
 reverse declines in Active Representatives and Representative satisfaction by successfully reducing campaign complexity and enhancing our sales leadership program, the Representative experience, retention and earnings potential, along with improving our brand image; 
 increase the productivity of Representatives through successful implementation of segmentation, field activation programs and technology tools and enablers and other investments in the direct-selling channel; 
 improve management of our businesses in developing markets, including improving local IT resources and management of local supply chains; 
 increase the number of consumers served per Representative and their engagement online, as well as to reach new consumers through a combination of new brands, new businesses, new channels and pursuit of strategic opportunities such as joint ventures and alliances with other companies; and 
 estimate and achieve any financial projections concerning, for example, customer demand, future revenue, profit, cash flow, and operating margin increases and maintain an effective internal control environment as a result of any challenges associated with the implementation of our various plans, strategies and initiatives. 
 
 There can be no assurance if and when any of these initiatives will be successfully and fully executed or completed. 
 
 We may experience financial and strategic difficulties and delays or unexpected costs in completing Open Up Grow and Avon Integration and any other restructuring and cost-saving initiatives, including achieving any anticipated savings and benefits of these initiatives. 
 Subsequent to the merger of Natura and Avon in January 2020, an integration plan (the "Avon Integration") was established to create the right global infrastructure to support the future ambitions of the Natura Co Group while also identifying synergies and opportunities to leverage our combined strength, scale and reach. Synergies will be derived mainly from procurement, manufacturing/distribution and administrative, as well as top line synergies, primarily between Avon LATAM and Natura Co Latin America. 
 15 

In September 2018, we initiated a new strategy in order to return Avon to growth ("Open Up Avon"). The Open Up Avon strategy is integral to our ability to return Avon to growth, built around the necessity of incorporating new approaches to various elements of our business, including increased utilization of third-party providers in manufacturing and technology, seeking a better fit for purpose asset base, and an increased focus on enabling our Representatives to more easily interact with the company and achieve relevant earnings. These savings have been and are expected to continue to be achieved through restructuring actions (that have resulted, and may continue to result, in charges related to severance, contract terminations and inventory and other asset write-offs), as well as other cost-savings strategies that would not result in restructuring charges. In January 2019, we announced significant advancements in this strategy, including a structural reset of inventory processes and a reduction in global workforce. 
 In May 2020, the new leadership of Avon International refreshed our strategy ("Open Up Grow") which aims to return Avon International to growth over the next three years. Open Up Grow replaces and builds on the success of the 2018 Open Up Avon strategy in order to strengthen competitiveness through enhancing the representative experience, improving brand position and relevance, accelerating digital expansion and improving costs. Over the next three years, savings are expected to continue to be achieved through restructuring actions (that may continue to result in charges related to severance, contract terminations and asset write-offs), as well as other cost-savings strategies that would not result in restructuring charges. 
 As we work to right-size our cost structure, we may not realize anticipated savings or benefits from one or more of the various restructuring and cost-saving initiatives we may undertake as part of these efforts in full or in part or within the time periods we expect. Other events and circumstances, such as financial and strategic difficulties and delays or unexpected costs, including the impact of foreign currency and inflationary pressures, may occur which could result in our not realizing our targets or in offsetting the financial benefits of reaching those targets. If we are unable to realize these savings or benefits, or otherwise fail to invest in the growth initiatives, our business may be adversely affected. In addition, any plans to invest these savings and benefits ahead of future growth means that such costs will be incurred whether or not we realize these savings and benefits. We are also subject to the risks of labor unrest, negative publicity and business disruption in connection with these initiatives, and the failure to realize anticipated savings or benefits from such initiatives could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to improve revenue, margins and net income or achieve profitable growth. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to improve revenue, margins and net income, or achieve profitable growth in the future, particularly in our largest markets and developing and emerging markets, such as Brazil, Philippines and Russia. Our revenue in 2022 was 2,769.2, compared with 3,404.5 in 2021, and 3,625.2 in 2020. Improving revenue, margins and net income and achieving profitable growth will depend on our ability to improve financial and operational performance and execute our global business strategy, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve these goals. Our ability to improve could be hindered by competing business priorities and projects. 
 To improve revenue, margins and net income and achieve profitable growth, we also need to successfully implement certain initiatives, including Open Up Grow and Avon Integration, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so. Our achievement of profitable growth is also subject to the strengths and weaknesses of our individual international markets, which are or may be impacted by global economic conditions. We cannot assure that our broad-based geographic portfolio will be able to withstand an economic downturn, recession, cost or wage inflation, commodity cost pressures, economic or political instability (including fluctuations in foreign exchange rates), competitive pressures or other market pressures in one or more particular regions. 
 Failure to improve revenue, margins and net income and to achieve profitable growth could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our business is conducted primarily in one channel, direct selling, and our inability to retain our Representatives may materially adversely affect us 
 Our business is conducted primarily in the direct-selling channel. Sales are made to the ultimate consumer principally through direct selling by Representatives, who are independent contractors and not our employees. As of December 31, 2022, we had an average of approximately 4 million Active Representatives, which represents the number of Representatives submitting an order in a sales campaign, totaled for all campaigns during the year and then divided by the number of campaigns. There is a high rate of turnover among Representatives, which is a common characteristic of the direct-selling business. In order to reverse losses of Representatives and grow our business in the future, we need to recruit, retain and service Representatives on a continuing basis. Among other things, we need to create attractive Representative earning opportunities and transform the value chain, restore field health and sales force effectiveness, successfully implement other initiatives in the direct-selling channel, 
 16 

with a strategy to expand to omnichannel successfully execute our digital strategy, including e-commerce, improve our brochure and product offerings and improve our marketing and advertising. If we are unable to constantly update our product portfolio, our ability to retain our representatives could be materially adversely affected. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve these objectives. 
 Our direct-selling model contains an inherent risk of bad debt associated with providing Representatives with credit, which is exacerbated if the financial condition of the Representatives deteriorates. Additionally, consumer purchasing habits, including reducing purchases of beauty and related products generally, or reducing purchases from Representatives through direct selling by buying beauty and related products in other channels such as retail, could reduce our sales, impact our ability to execute our global business strategy or have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, if we lose market share in the direct-selling channel, our business, prospects, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. 
 Furthermore, if any government or regulatory body such as Brazil or the European Union, bans or severely restricts our business methods or operational/commercial model of direct selling, our business, prospects, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and cash flows may be materially adversely affected. We may also be adversely affected by laws or regulations in the countries in which we operate that would characterize representatives as employees or otherwise oblige us to make social security contributions on their behalf. 
 Our ability to improve our financial performance depends on our ability to anticipate and respond to market trends and changes in consumer preferences. 
 
 Our ability to improve our financial performance depends on our ability to anticipate, gauge and react in a timely and effective manner to changes in consumer spending patterns and preferences for beauty and related products. We must continually work to develop, produce and market new products, maintain and enhance the recognition of our brands, achieve a favorable mix of products, and refine our approach as to how and where we market and sell our products. Consumer preferences and trends may change due to a variety of factors, such as changes in demographic trends, changes in the characteristics and ingredients of products, new market trends, climate, negative publicity from lawsuits against us or our peers, or a weak economy in one or more of the markets in which we operate. In addition, consumers may switch to the products of competitors, or the demand for products in our segment as a whole could decline. If we are unable to anticipate changes in consumer preferences and trends, our business, financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Furthermore, material shifts or decreases in market demand for our products, including as a result of changes in consumer spending patterns and preferences or incorrect forecasting of market demand, could result in us carrying inventory that cannot be sold at anticipated prices or increased product returns by the Representatives. Failure to maintain proper inventory levels or increased product returns by the Representatives could result in a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business Model 
 
 We face intense competition and can make no assurances about our ability to overcome our competitive challenges. 
 
 We face intense competition from competing products in each of our lines of business in the markets in which we operate. We compete against products sold to consumers in a number of distribution methods, including direct selling, through the Internet, and through mass market retail and prestige retail channels. We also face increasing direct-selling and retail competition in our developing and emerging markets, particularly Brazil and Russia. 
 
 Within the direct-selling channel, we often compete on a country-by-country basis with our direct-selling competitors. There are a number of direct-selling companies that sell product lines similar to ours, some of which have worldwide operations and compete with us globally. Unlike a typical CPG company, which operates within a broad-based consumer pool, direct sellers compete for representative or entrepreneurial talent by providing a more competitive earnings opportunity or better deal than that offered by the competition. Providing a compelling earnings opportunity for the Representatives is as critical as developing and marketing new and innovative products. Therefore, in contrast to typical CPG companies, we must first compete for a limited pool of Representatives before we reach the ultimate consumer. 
 
 Representatives are attracted to a direct seller by competitive earnings opportunities, often through what are commonly known as field incentives in the direct-selling industry. Competitors devote substantial effort to finding out the effectiveness of such incentives so that they can invest in incentives that are the most cost-effective or produce the better payback. As one of the largest and oldest beauty direct sellers globally, Avon's business model and strategies are often highly sought after, particularly by smaller and more nimble competitors who seek to capitalize on our investment and experience. As a result, we are subject to 
 17 

significant competition for the recruitment of Representatives from other direct-selling or network marketing organizations as well as significant competition from other non-direct selling earnings opportunities of which our existing Representatives or potential Representatives could avail themselves. Changes to our compensation models are sometimes necessary to be competitive but could have short-term negative impacts on our total number of Representatives. It is therefore continually necessary to innovate and enhance our direct-selling and service model as well as to recruit and retain new Representatives. If we are unable to do so, our business will be adversely affected. 
 
 Within the broader CPG industry, we principally compete against large and well-known cosmetics (color), fragrance and skincare companies that manufacture and sell broad product lines through various types of retail establishments and other channels, including through the Internet. In addition, we compete against many other companies that manufacture and sell more narrow beauty product lines sold through retail establishments and other channels, including through the Internet. This industry is highly competitive, and some of our principal competitors in the CPG industry are larger than we are and have greater resources than we do. Competitive activities on their part could cause our sales to suffer. We also have many highly competitive global branded and private label competitors in the accessories, apparel, housewares, and gift and decorative products industries, including retail establishments, principally department stores, mass merchandisers, gift shops and specialty retailers. Our principal competition in the highly competitive fashion jewelry industry consists of a few large companies and many small companies that sell fashion jewelry through department stores, mass merchandisers, specialty retailers and e-commerce. 
 
 The number of competitors and degree of competition that we face in the beauty and related products industry varies widely from country to country. If our advertising, promotional, merchandising or other marketing strategies are not successful, if we are unable to improve our product mix and offer new products that represent technological breakthroughs and are aligned with local preferences, if we do not successfully manage the timing of new product introductions or the profitability of these efforts, if we are unable to improve the Representative experience, or if for other reasons the Representatives or end customers perceive competitors' products as having greater appeal, then our sales, results of operations and cash flows will be adversely affected. 
 
 Third-party suppliers provide, among other things, the raw materials required for our Beauty products, and the loss of these suppliers, a supplier's inability to supply a raw material or a finished product or a disruption or interruption in the supply chain may adversely affect our business. 
 We manufacture and package the majority of our Beauty products, which are formulated and designed by our staff of chemists, designers and artists. Raw materials, consisting chiefly of essential oils, chemicals, containers and packaging components required for our Beauty products are purchased from a range of third-party suppliers. The remainder of our Beauty products and all of our Fashion Home products are purchased from various third-party manufacturers. Our products are affected by the cost and availability of materials such as glass, fragrance and fuel. For the vast majority of items we have more than one source of supply available. We believe that we can continue to obtain sufficient raw materials and supplies to manufacture and produce our Beauty products for the foreseeable future. Additionally, we design the brochures that are used by the Representatives to sell our products. The brochures are then produced on our behalf by a range of printing suppliers. 
 The loss of any one supplier would not have a material impact on our ability to source raw materials for the majority of our Beauty products or source products for the remainder of our Beauty products and all of our Fashion Home products or paper for the brochures. This risk may be exacerbated by our globally coordinated purchasing strategy, which leverages volumes. Regulatory action, such as restrictions on importation, may also disrupt or interrupt our supply chain. Furthermore, increases in the costs of raw materials or other commodities, restricted supply or, in a worst-case scenario, the impossibility of obtaining raw materials and packaging due to several factors over which we have no control, such as climate, agricultural production, legitimate access to genetic heritage and/or traditional associated knowledge, economic conditions, and transportation and processing costs, among others may adversely affect our profit margins if we are unable to pass along any higher costs in the form of price increases or otherwise achieve cost efficiencies in manufacturing and distribution, and may adversely affect our business if we are unable to satisfy demand for certain products or to produce paper brochures that our Representatives can use to sell our products. Moreover, if our suppliers fail to use ethical business practices and comply with applicable laws and regulations, such as any child labor laws and other human rights laws, our reputation could be harmed due to negative publicity and our ability to supply certain products may be disrupted. 
 In addition, our business depends on a supply chain facing inherent logistics-related risks beyond our control and that of our suppliers, such as ocean freight disruptions, which have negatively impacted us and may continue to adversely affect us in the future. We may be adversely affected in the event of (i) fire, natural disasters, disease outbreaks or pandemics, such as COVID-19, shortages of goods, services or labor, delays in obtaining key supplies, strikes and stoppages, power shortages, failures in the systems, forest fires and deforestation, among others, where we are unable to otherwise service the affected region, (ii) significant disruptions in logistics infrastructure, and (iii) fluctuating fuel prices within our distribution network. 
 
 18 

The loss of, or a disruption in, our research and development, production and distribution operations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our principal properties consist of worldwide manufacturing facilities for the production of Beauty products, distribution centers where offices are located and where finished merchandise is packed and shipped to Representatives in fulfillment of their orders, and one principal research and development facility. Additionally, we use third-party manufacturers to manufacture certain of our products. Therefore, as a company engaged in manufacturing, distribution and research and development on a global scale, we are subject to the risks inherent in such activities, including industrial accidents, environmental events, fires, strikes and other labor or industrial disputes, disruptions in logistics or information systems (such as our ERP system), loss or impairment of key manufacturing or distribution sites, product quality control issues, safety concerns, licensing requirements and other regulatory or government issues, as well as natural disasters, pandemics, border disputes, acts of terrorism and other external factors over which we have no control. We could also experience a negative financial impact if we do not comply with minimum purchase commitments. These risks may be exacerbated by our efforts to increase facility consolidation covering our manufacturing, distribution and supply footprints, particularly if we are unable to successfully increase our resiliency to potential operational disruptions or enhance our disaster recovery planning. The loss of, or damage to, any of our facilities or centers, or those of our third-party manufacturers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our success depends, in part, on the quality, safety and efficacy of our products. 
 
 Our success depends, in part, on the quality, safety and efficacy of our products. If our products are found to be, or perceived to be, defective or unsafe, or if they otherwise fail to meet the Representatives or end customers standards, then our relationship with the Representatives or end customers could suffer, particularly where the impact of media coverage and new technologies such as social media may exert negative influence over perception of our products. We may need to recall some of our products and/or become subject to regulatory action, our reputation or the appeal of our brand could be diminished, we could lose market share, and we could become subject to liability claims, any of which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Risks Related to Our International Operations 
 
 We are subject to financial risks as a result of our international operations, including exposure to foreign currency fluctuations and the impact of foreign currency restrictions. 
 We operate globally, through operations in various locations around the world, and derive all of our consolidated revenue from operations outside of the U.S. 
 One risk associated with our international operations is that the functional currency for most of our international operations is their local currency. The primary foreign currencies for which we have significant exposures include the Argentine peso, Brazilian real, British pound, Chilean peso, Colombian peso, euro, Peruvian new sol, Philippine peso, Polish zloty, Romanian leu, Russian ruble, South African rand, Turkish lira and Ukrainian hryvnia. As the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to our foreign currencies, our revenues and profits are reduced when translated into U.S. dollars and our margins may be negatively impacted by country mix if our higher-margin markets experience significant devaluation. In addition, our costs are more weighted to U.S. dollars while our sales are denominated in local currencies. Although we typically work to mitigate this negative foreign currency transaction impact through price increases and further actions to reduce costs, and by shifting costs to markets in which we generate revenue, we may not be able to fully offset the impact, if at all. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to manage these various foreign currency impacts and there can be no assurance that foreign currency fluctuations will not have a material adverse effect on our business, assets, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Another risk associated with our international operations is the possibility that a foreign government may tax or impose foreign currency remittance restrictions. Due to the possibility of government restrictions on transfers of cash out of the country and control of exchange rates, we may not be able to immediately repatriate cash. If this should occur, or if the exchange rates devalue, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, assets, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Inflation and government measures to curb inflation may adversely affect the economies and capital markets in some of the countries in which we operate, and as a result, harm our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as the trading price of our ordinary shares. 
 High levels of inflation have adversely affected the economies and financial markets of some of the countries in which we operate, and the ability of their governments to create conditions that stimulate or maintain economic growth. More recently, 
 19 

Europe, the United Kingdom, Asia and other areas in which we do business are also experiencing inflation levels that are higher than at any point in the past few decades, and Brazil has also experienced a significant rise in inflation in 2021 and 2022. 
 In addition, Argentina and Turkey are now considered to be highly inflationary economies. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Segment Review Avon Latin America for additional information regarding Argentina and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Segment Review Avon International for additional information regarding Turkey. Gains and losses resulting from the remeasurement of the financial statements of subsidiaries operating in highly inflationary economies are recorded in earnings. High rates of inflation or the related devaluation of foreign currency may have a material adverse effect on our business, assets, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations or cash flows. 
 Inflationary pressures may lead governments to intervene in the economy, including through the implementation of government policies that may have an adverse effect on us and our customers, especially in a context of increased market volatility given the impacts of COVID-19, and any continued increase of such interest rates may negatively affect our profits and results of operations, thereby increasing the costs of financing our operations. Moreover, governmental measures to curb inflation and speculation about possible future governmental measures have contributed to the negative economic impact of inflation and have created general economic uncertainty and heightened volatility in the capital markets. Inflation may adversely affect our sales, revenue and net income as a decrease in consumers purchasing power may lead them to switch to lower cost products. Inflation may also result in an increase in costs which we may not be able to pass on to consumers, particularly if consumers are already considering lower cost options as a result of inflationary pressures on their purchasing power. Either of these circumstances could adversely affect our earnings and results of operations. If the countries in which we operate continue to experience high inflation rates, we may not be able to adjust the prices of our products in order to compensate for the effects of inflation in our costs structure, which may have an adverse effect on us. 
 High interest rates may further impact our cost of obtaining loans and also the cost of any future indebtedness, resulting in an increase in our financial expenses. This increase may adversely affect our ability to pay our financial obligations, as it reduces our cash availability. Mismatches between contracted indexes for assets versus liabilities and/or high volatilities in interest rates may result in financial losses for us. 
 Our ability to conduct business in our international markets may be affected by economic, political, legal, tax and regulatory risks. 
 A significant deterioration in economic conditions in any of our important markets, including economic slowdowns or recessions, inflationary pressures and/or disruptions to credit and capital markets, could lead to decreased consumer confidence and consumer spending more generally, thus reducing demand for our products. In addition, our global operations are subject to adverse political, social or other developments, such as political or social unrest, potential health issues, natural disasters, disease outbreaks or pandemics, such as COVID-19, politically motivated violence and terrorist threats and/or act which may also occur in countries where we have operations. 
 In particular, our ability to achieve growth in our international markets, and to improve operations in our existing international markets, is exposed to various risks, including: 
 the possibility that a foreign government might ban, halt or severely restrict our business, including our primary method of direct selling; 
 the possibility that local civil unrest, economic or political instability, bureaucratic delays, changes in macro-economic conditions, changes in diplomatic or trade relationships (including any sanctions, restrictions and other responses, such as those related to the ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia) or other uncertainties might disrupt our operations in an international market; 
 the lack of well-established or reliable legal systems in certain areas where we operate; 
 the adoption of new U.S. or foreign tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities, including exposure to tax assessments without prior notice or the opportunity to review the basis for any such assessments in certain jurisdictions; 
 changes to tax rules in Brazil, where the tax system is highly complex and the interpretation of the tax laws and regulations is commonly controversial, and the Brazilian government regularly implements changes to tax regimes that may increase our tax burden, including modifications in the rate of assessments and the enactment of new or temporary taxes, the proceeds of which are earmarked for designated governmental purposes; 
 macroeconomic pressures in Brazil as a result of the new presidential administration that took office on January 1, 2023; 
 the possibility that a government authority might impose legal, tax or other financial burdens on the Representatives, as direct sellers, or on Avon, due, for example, to the structure of our operations in various markets, or additional taxes on our products, including in Brazil; 
 20 

the possibility that a government authority might challenge the status of the Representatives as independent contractors or impose employment or social taxes on the Representatives; and 
 those associated with data privacy regulation and the international transfer of personal data. 
 We are also subject to the adoption, interpretation and enforcement by governmental agencies abroad and in the U.S. (including on federal, state and local levels) of other laws, rules, regulations or policies, including any changes thereto, such as restrictions on trade, competition, manufacturing, license and permit requirements, import and export license requirements, privacy and data protection laws, anti-trust laws, anti-corruption laws, environmental laws, records and information management, tariffs and taxes, laws relating to the sourcing of "conflict minerals," health care reform requirements such as those required by the Patient Protection and Affordable Healthcare Act, and regulation of our brochures, product claims or ingredients, which may require us to adjust our operations and systems in certain markets where we do business. For example, from time to time, local governments and others question the legal status of Representatives or impose burdens inconsistent with the Representative's status as independent contractors, often in regard to possible coverage under social benefit laws that would require us (and, in most instances, the Representatives) to make regular contributions to government social benefit funds. 
 At the end of 2021 and into 2022, Russia amassed large numbers of military forces and support personnel on the Ukraine-Russia border, leading to tensions between Ukraine and Russia as well as between the United States, its allies and Russia. On February 24, 2022, Russia launched a military invasion of Ukraine. As a result of these developments, our Ukrainian Distribution center operations are currently suspended for an indeterminate period and we cannot assure you that our Russian operations will not also be reduced or suspended. Furthermore, the ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia has resulted in the imposition of broad financial and economic sanctions against Russia by the United States and its allies, including the UK, the EU and other countries around the world, which could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. Any further escalation of the war between Ukraine and Russia, or any further increase in tensions between the United States, its allies and Russia could have a material adverse effect on us. See also The ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we are unable to address these matters in a satisfactory manner, or adhere to or successfully implement processes in response to changing regulatory requirements, our business, costs and/or reputation may be adversely affected. We cannot predict with certainty the outcome or the impact that pending or future legislative and regulatory changes may have on our business in the future. Further, in the event that any jurisdiction in which we operate or plan to operate imposes any new laws, regulations, restrictions and/or other barriers to entry, our ability to expand may be thereby limited and our growth and development may be adversely affected. 
 The ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia has provoked strong reactions from the United States, the UK, the EU and various other countries around the world, including from the members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, or NATO. 
 Following Russia s invasion of Ukraine beginning on February 24, 2022, the United States, the UK, the EU and other countries announced broad economic sanctions against Russia, including financial measures such as freezing Russia s central bank assets and limiting its ability to access its U.S. dollar reserves. The United States, the EU and the UK have also banned people and businesses from dealings with the Russian central bank, its finance ministry and its wealth fund, among others. Selected Russian banks, including Russia s largest bank Sberbank, have also been removed from the Swift messaging system, which enables the smooth transfer of money across borders. Other sanctions by the UK include major Russian banks being excluded from the UK financial system, stopping them from accessing sterling and clearing payments, major Russian companies and the state being stopped from raising finance or borrowing money on the UK markets, and the establishment of limits on deposits Russians can make at UK banks. The United States, the EU and the UK have also adopted personal measures, such as sanctions on individuals with close ties to Mr. Putin, and placed visa restrictions on several Russian oligarchs, as well as their family members and close associates, as well as asset freezes. In addition, these and other jurisdictions have put in place a vast number of export controls, impacting the export and transfer to Russia of broad categories of goods and materials, as well as bans on a number of professional services, including accounting, legal, IT and management consulting. 
 We have sales operations in multiple countries including in Ukraine and Russia and we are continuously monitoring the developments to assess any potential further impacts that may arise as a result of the ongoing crisis. We have made substantial changes to our structure, controls and commercial operations in response to the war. Given our operations in Ukraine and Russia, the adverse effects global or localized of the ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia, and/or economic sanctions and import and/or export controls being imposed on the Russian government by the United States, the UK, the EU or others, and the above-mentioned adverse effect on the wider global economy and market conditions could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 21 

While the precise continuing effect of the ongoing war and these sanctions on the Russian and global economies remains uncertain, they have already resulted in significant volatility in financial markets, depreciation of the Russian ruble and the Ukrainian hryvnia against the U.S. dollar and other major currencies, as well as in an increase in energy and commodity prices globally. As the conflict continues, markets may face continued volatility as well as economic and security consequences including, but not limited to, supply shortages of different kinds, further increases in prices of commodities, including piped gas, oil and agricultural goods, reduced consumer purchasing power, significant disruptions in logistics infrastructure, telecommunications services, the risk of unavailability of information technology systems and infrastructure, among others, given that Ukraine and Russia are significant exporters of commodities. Given that Ukraine and Russia are among the largest commodity exporters in the world, impacts on financial markets, inflation, interest rates, unemployment and other matters could affect the global economy that is still recovering from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Other potential consequences include, but are not limited to, growth in the number of popular uprisings in the region, increased political discontent, especially in the regions most affected by the conflict or economic sanctions, increase in cyber-terrorism activities and attacks, exodus to regions close to the areas of conflict and increase in the number of refugees fleeing across Europe, among other unforeseen social and humanitarian effects. 
 A further protraction of the conflict between Ukraine and Russia, any escalation of that conflict, and the financial and economic sanctions and import and/or export controls imposed on Russia by the United States, the UK, the EU and others, and the above mentioned adverse effect on the wider global economy and market conditions could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business is subject to a number of foreign laws and regulations in various jurisdictions governing data privacy and security. 
 We collect, use and store personal data of our employees, Representatives, customers and other third parties in the ordinary course of business. We are required to comply with increasingly complex and changing data privacy and security laws and regulations governing the collection, storage, use, transmission and protection of personal information and other data, including the transfer of personal data between countries. In May 2018, the EU adopted robust data privacy regulations under the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ). Further changes are likely to be introduced through a revised Regulation on Privacy and Electronic Communications (the ePrivacy Regulation ). The GDPR in particular has broad extraterritorial effect and imposes a robust data protection compliance regime with significant penalties for non-compliance. Other countries in which we operate are developing comparable regulations. Brazil enacted the Lei Geral de Prote o de Dados Pessoais LGPD ), which is broadly equivalent to GDPR and came into force in September 2020, except for the applicability of the law s administrative sanctions, which came into force on August 1, 2021. In general, the GDPR and ePrivacy Regulation, and other local privacy laws, could require adaptation of our technologies or practices to satisfy local privacy requirements and standards. We may also face audits or investigations by one or more domestic or foreign government agencies relating to our compliance with these regulations. An adverse outcome under any such investigation or audit could result in the issuance of stop processing orders, and/or subject us to fines and penalties. That or other circumstances related to our collection, use and transfer of personal data could cause a loss of reputation in the market or adversely affect our business. 
 The scope of data privacy and security regulations continues to evolve, and we believe that the adoption of increasingly restrictive regulations in this area may be likely within the jurisdictions in which we operate. Compliance with data privacy and security requirements could increase the cost of our operations and failure to comply with such requirements could subject us to business disruption, criminal and civil sanctions as well as other penalties. 
 
 The uncertainty surrounding the UK's decision to withdraw from the EU may adversely affect our business. 
 The UK left the EU and subsequent transition periods put in place have now all ended. This means that the UK is no longer part of the EU Single Market and Customs Union and EU law no longer applies in the UK. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement TCA agreed in December 2020 changed the basis of the relationship between the UK and EU Member States. 
 Given that we conduct a substantial portion of our business in the EU and the UK, and our corporate headquarters is in the UK, any developments resulting from the implementation of the TCA could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, liquidity and results of operations or cash flows. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates may have a material effect on our net sales, financial condition, profitability and/or cash flows and may reduce the reported value of our operating results. 
 During 2023 we will continue to monitor the implementation of border controls (including any resulting delays), immigration policy (ability to recruit and maintain talent), regulatory changes and requirements to comply with new mandates, which may prove challenging and costly. 
 
 Risks Related to IT and Cybersecurity Matters 
 22 

A failure, disruption, cyberattack, other breach in the security of an IT system or infrastructure that we utilize could adversely affect our business and reputation and increase our costs. 
 We employ IT systems to support our business, including systems to support financial reporting, web-based tools, enterprise resource planning ERP systems, and internal communication and data transfer networks. We increasingly rely on a variety of web-based systems and mobile applications to support Representatives in our markets, including electronic order collection, invoicing systems, shipping and box packing, social media tools, Representative recruitment and online training. We also have e-commerce sites to allow customers to purchase products directly. We use third-party service providers in many instances to provide or support these IT systems. Over the last several years, we have undertaken initiatives to increase our reliance on IT systems which has resulted in the outsourcing of certain services and functions, such as global human resources IT systems, call center support, Representative support services and other IT processes. Our IT systems and infrastructure, as well as the systems, infrastructure and services of those of third parties, are integral to our performance. 
 Any of our IT systems and infrastructure, or those of our third-party service providers, may be susceptible to outages, disruptions, destruction or corruption due to the complex landscape of localized applications and architectures as well as incidents related to legacy or unintegrated systems. These IT systems and infrastructure also may be susceptible to cybersecurity breaches, attacks, computer viruses, break-ins, including ransomware, other malware and phishing attacks, data corruption, fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks and similar events beyond our control. We rely on our employees, Representatives and third parties in our day-to-day and ongoing operations, who may, as a result of human error or malfeasance or failure, disruption, cyberattack or other security breach of third-party systems or infrastructure, expose us to risk. Furthermore, our ability to protect and monitor the practices of our third-party service providers is more limited than our ability to protect and monitor our own IT systems and infrastructure. 
 Moreover, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have increased the number of employees working remotely and expect to continue to allow remote work even after the pandemic comes to an end. This will require us to continue relying on remote-access information technology systems, which increases the risk of unavailability of our systems and infrastructure, disruption of telecommunications services, widespread system failures, and exposes us to increased vulnerability to cyberattacks. Any of these developments could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business may be adversely impacted. 
 Our IT systems, or those of our third-party service providers may be accessed by unauthorized users such as cyber criminals as a result of a failure, disruption, cyberattack or other security breach, exposing us to risk. As techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently, a failure, disruption, cyberattack or other security breach may go undetected for a long period of time. An actual or perceived failure, disruption, cyberattack or other security breach of our IT systems or infrastructure, or those of our third-party service providers, could result in the theft, transfer, unauthorized access to, disclosure, modification, misuse, loss, or destruction of Company, employee, Representative, customer, vendor, or other third-party data, including sensitive or confidential data, personal information and intellectual property and could be particularly harmful to our brand and reputation. 
 We continue to invest in industry-standard solutions and protections and monitoring practices of our data and IT systems and infrastructure to reduce these risks and we continue to monitor our IT systems and infrastructure on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. We have also deployed additional employee security training and updated security policies for the Company and its third-party service providers. Such efforts and investments are costly, and as cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. As a company that operates globally, we could also be impacted by commercial agreements between us and processing organizations, existing and proposed laws and regulations, and government policies and practices related to cybersecurity, privacy and data protection. 
 Despite our efforts, our and our third-party service providers data, IT systems and infrastructure may be vulnerable. There can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent a failure, disruption, cyberattack or other security breach of our or our third-party service providers IT systems or infrastructure, or that we will detect and appropriately respond if there is such a failure, disruption, cyberattack or other security breach. Our IT databases and systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to ransomware, denial of service and phishing attacks. Any such failure, disruption, cyberattack or other security breach could adversely affect our business including our ability to expand our business, cause damage to our reputation, result in increased costs to address internal data, security, and personnel issues, and result in violations of applicable privacy laws and other laws and external financial obligations such as governmental fines, penalties, or regulatory proceedings, remediation efforts such as breach notification and identity theft monitoring, and third-party private litigation with potentially significant costs. In addition, it could result in deterioration in our employees', Representatives', customers', or vendors' confidence in us, which could cause them to discontinue doing business with us or result in other competitive disadvantages. In addition, there may be other challenges and risks as we upgrade, modernize, and standardize our IT systems globally. 
 See also We were the target of a cybersecurity incident which disrupted our systems. 
 
 23 

Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential Representative or customer information or our failure or the perception by our Representatives or customers that we failed to comply with privacy laws or properly address privacy concerns could materially harm our business and standing with our Representatives and customers. 
 We collect, store, process, transmit and use certain personal information in the ordinary course of our business. We are required to comply with increasingly complex and changing data privacy and security laws and regulations governing personal information and other data, including the transfer of personal data between countries. We may face audits or investigations by one or more domestic or foreign government agencies relating to our compliance with these regulations. An adverse outcome under any such investigation or audit could result in the issuance of stop processing orders, subject us to fines, penalties or orders to cease, delay or modify collection, use or transfer of personal data. The perception of privacy concerns, whether or not valid, may adversely affect us. We rely on commercially available systems, software, tools and monitoring to provide secure processing, transmission and storage of confidential Representative and customer information. 
 Our facilities and systems, as well as those of our third-party service providers, may be vulnerable to security breaches, fraud, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming or human errors, or other similar events. Any security breach, or any perceived failure involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, as well as any failure or perceived failure to comply with laws, policies, legal obligations or industry standards regarding data privacy and protection, whether by us or vendors upon whose systems we rely, could damage our reputation, expose us to litigation risk and liability, reduce revenue, increase costs, subject us to negative publicity, disrupt our operations and harm our business. We cannot provide assurance that our security measures will prevent security breaches or that failure to prevent them will not have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 We were the target of a cybersecurity incident which disrupted our systems. 
 In June 2020, we became aware that we were exposed to a cyber-incident in our Information Technology (IT) environment which interrupted some of our systems and partially affected our operations. We engaged leading external cybersecurity and IT general controls specialists, launched a comprehensive containment and remediation effort and started a forensic investigation. By mid-August 2020, the Company had re-established all of its core business processes and resumed operations in all of its markets, including all of its distribution centers. 
 The cyber-incident did not have a material impact on our full year 2020 revenue, although it resulted in a shift in revenue from the second quarter to the third quarter of 2020 as the Company fulfilled the order backlog created. The incremental expense incurred as a result of the cyber-incident was not material. 
 Management concluded that controls related to our IT environment had not been designed and/or operated effectively to prevent access and changes to our IT systems supporting financial information processing. Although we had no indication that the accuracy and completeness of any financial information was impacted as a result of the incident, and we performed extensive procedures immediately after discovering the incident to validate such accuracy and completeness, we believed that, if the incident had gone differently, it could have potentially resulted in a material impact to our financial statements, which led to the conclusion that the magnitude of these control deficiencies represented a material weakness in our IT general controls. 
 To remediate the material weakness, we strengthened procedures and controls with the support of external cyber security and IT general controls specialists and accelerated our investment in IT infrastructure to strengthen our cyber security controls. Based on testing performed by management, the implemented controls are designed and operating effectively and the material weakness was remediated at December 31, 2020. 
 As a result of the incident, we may be subject to litigation and investigations by regulators in the jurisdictions in which we operate. We may incur losses associated with potential claims by third parties or individuals, as well as fines, penalties and other sanctions imposed by regulators relating to or arising from the incident. We may also incur contingencies related to the incident. We are not able to reliably forecast all of the losses that may occur as a result of the incident, and such excess losses could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations in future periods. 
 Following the incident, we have taken certain additional preventative measures to reduce cyber risks. However, we cannot provide assurance that our security frameworks and measures will be successful in preventing future cybersecurity incidents. In addition, the costs of such measures and management attention required may be significant. Further, the incident may have a negative impact on our reputation and cause customers, suppliers and other third parties with whom we maintain relationships to lose confidence in us. We are unable to definitively determine the impact to these relationships and whether we will need to engage in any activities to rebuild them. 
 
 Risks Related to Financial Matters 
 
 24 

Our credit ratings are below investment grade, which could limit our access to financing, affect the market price of our financing and increase financing costs. A downgrade in our credit ratings may adversely affect our access to liquidity. 
 Our long-term credit ratings are: Moody s ratings of Ba3 with Stable Outlook for corporate family and senior unsecured debt; S P ratings of BB- with Stable Outlook for corporate family and senior unsecured debt; and Fitch ratings of BB with Positive Outlook for corporate family and unsecured debt. Our credit ratings remain below investment grade which may impact our ability to access financing transactions on favorable terms. We do not believe these long-term credit ratings will have a material impact on our near-term liquidity. However, any rating agency review could result in a change in outlook or downgrade, which could limit our access to new financing, reduce our flexibility with respect to working capital needs, affect the market price of some or all of our outstanding debt securities and could result in an increase in financing costs. See Note 7, Debt and Other Financing to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein, for details about the terms of our existing debt and other financing arrangements. 
 We may not effectively manage risks associated with the replacement of benchmark indices. 
 Interest rate, equity, foreign exchange rate and other types of indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of increased regulatory scrutiny. In March 2021, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority, or the FCA, announced that most London interbank offered rate LIBOR benchmarks would ceased to be available after 2021. Certain other alternative benchmark interest rates have been announced, such as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Secured Overnight Financing Rate based on overnight U.S. Treasury repurchase agreement transactions, which has been recommended as the alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR by the Alternative Reference Rates Committee convened by the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 These and other reforms may cause benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences that cannot be fully anticipated, which introduces a number of risks for us including legal risks arising from potential changes required to documentation for new and existing transactions. Meaningful time and effort is required to transition to the use of new benchmark rates, including with respect to the negotiation and implementation of any necessary changes to existing contractual arrangements and the implementation of changes to our systems and processes. We are actively evaluating the operational and other impacts of such changes and managing transition efforts accordingly. 
 Moreover, there is a lack of clarity as to what methods of calculating a replacement benchmark will be established or adopted generally, or whether different industry bodies, such as the loan market and the derivatives market, will adopt the same methodologies. In addition, as part of the transition to a replacement benchmark, parties may seek to adjust the spreads relative to such benchmarks in underlying contractual arrangements. As a result, interest rates on financial instruments tied to benchmark rates, including those pursuant to which we borrow funds, as well as the expenses associated with those financial instruments, may be adversely affected. 
 Significant changes in pension fund investment performance, assumptions relating to pension costs or required legal changes in pension funding rules may have a material effect on the valuation of pension obligations, the funded status of pension plans and our pension cost. 
 Our funding policy for pension plans is to meet the minimum required contributions under applicable law and accumulate plan assets that, over the long run, are expected to approximate the present value of projected benefit obligations. Our pension cost is materially affected by the discount rate used to measure pension obligations, the level of plan assets available to fund those obligations at the measurement date and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. Significant changes in investment performance or a change in the portfolio mix of invested assets can result in corresponding increases and decreases in the valuation of plan assets, including equity and debt securities and derivative instruments, or in a change of the expected rate of return on plan assets. A change in the discount rate could result in a significant increase or decrease in the valuation of pension obligations, affecting the reported funded status of our pension plans as well as the net periodic pension cost in the following fiscal years. Similarly, changes in the expected rate of return on plan assets can result in significant changes in the net periodic pension cost. Please see Critical Accounting Estimates - Pension and Postretirement Expense within MD A and Note 13, Employee Benefit Plans to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein, for additional information regarding the impact of these factors on our pension plan obligations. 
 
 Risks Related to Legal Matters 
 
 We are involved, and may become involved in the future, in legal proceedings that, if adversely adjudicated or settled, could adversely affect our financial results. 
 We are, and may in the future become, party to litigation, including, for example, claims alleging violation of the federal securities laws or claims relating to employee or employment matters, our products or advertising. In general, litigation claims can be expensive and time-consuming to bring or defend against and could result in settlements or damages that could 
 25 

significantly affect our financial results and the conduct of our business. We are currently vigorously contesting certain of these litigation claims. This includes numerous personal injury lawsuits filed in U.S. courts in which we are named a defendant, alleging that certain talc products we sold in the past were contaminated with asbestos. We believe that the claims asserted against us in all of these cases are without merit. However, it is not possible to predict the final resolution of the litigation to which we currently are or may in the future become party, or to predict the impact of certain of these matters on our business, prospects, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and cash flows. See Note 17, Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein, for a detailed discussion regarding certain legal proceedings in which we are a party. 
 
 Government reviews, inquiries, investigations, and actions could harm our business or reputation. In addition, from time to time, we may conduct other investigations and reviews, the consequences of which could negatively impact our business or reputation. 
 As we operate in various locations around the world, our operations in certain countries are subject to significant governmental scrutiny and may be harmed by the results of such scrutiny. The regulatory environment with regard to direct selling in emerging and developing markets where we do business is evolving, and government officials in such locations often exercise broad discretion in deciding how to interpret and apply relevant regulations. From time to time, we may receive formal and informal inquiries from various government regulatory authorities about our business and compliance with local laws and regulations. In addition, from time to time, we may conduct investigations and reviews. The consequences of such government reviews, inquiries, investigations, and actions or such investigations and reviews may adversely impact our business, prospects, reputation, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Additionally, any determination that our operations or activities, or, where local law mandates, the activities of the Representatives, including our licenses or permits, importing or exporting, or product testing or approvals are not, or were not, in compliance with existing laws or regulations could result in the imposition of substantial fines, civil and criminal penalties, interruptions of business, loss of supplier, vendor or other third-party, termination of necessary licenses and permits, modification of business practices and compliance programs, equitable remedies, including disgorgement, injunctive relief and other sanctions that we may take against our personnel or that may be taken against us or our personnel. Other legal or regulatory proceedings, as well as government investigations, which often involve complex legal issues and are subject to uncertainties, may also follow as a consequence. Further, other countries in which we do business may initiate their own investigations and impose similar sanctions. These proceedings or investigations could be costly and burdensome to our management, and could adversely impact our business, prospects, reputation, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations or cash flows. Even if an inquiry or investigation does not result in any adverse determinations, it potentially could create negative publicity and give rise to third-party litigation or action. 
 
 If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, specifically patents and trademarks, our ability to compete could be adversely affected. 
 The market for our products depends to a significant extent upon the value associated with our product innovations and our brand equity. We own the material patents and trademarks used in connection with the marketing and distribution of our major products where such products are principally sold. Although most of our material intellectual property is registered in certain countries in which we operate, there can be no assurance with respect to the rights associated with such intellectual property in those countries. In addition, the laws of certain foreign countries, including many emerging markets, may not completely protect our intellectual property rights. The costs required to protect our patents and trademarks, especially in emerging markets, may be substantial. Please see Risks Related to the Separation of North America and the Preferred Stock Investment in the Company The licensing of our North America intellectual property rights, including trademarks that are fundamental to our brand, in connection with the Separation could adversely impact our reputation, our business generally, and our ability to enforce intellectual property rights used in both North America and international jurisdictions for additional information regarding the risks on our intellectual property rights associated with the separation of North America. 
 
 Risks Related to the Separation of North America and the Preferred Stock Investment in the Company 
 
 We may be exposed to claims and liabilities as a result of the separation of our North America business. 
 On March 1, 2016, Cleveland Apple Investor L.P. Cerberus Investor (an affiliate of Cerberus) contributed 170 of cash into New Avon in exchange for 80.1 of its membership interests, and we contributed (i) assets primarily related to our North America business (including approximately 100 of cash, subject to certain adjustments), (ii) certain assumed liabilities (primarily pension and postretirement liabilities) of our North America business and (iii) the employees of our North America business into New Avon in exchange for a 19.9 ownership interest of New Avon (collectively, the "Separation"). In August 2019, we and Cerberus finalized the sale of our respective interests in New Avon to LG Household Health Care Ltd. In 
 26 

connection with the Separation, we entered into a Separation Agreement and various other agreements with New Avon to govern the separation and the relationship of the two companies going forward. These agreements provide for specific indemnity and liability obligations and could lead to disputes between us. The indemnity rights we have against New Avon under the agreements may not be sufficient to protect us. In addition, our indemnity obligations to New Avon may be significant and these risks could negatively affect our financial condition. 
 We or New Avon may fail to perform under the post-closing arrangements executed in connection with the Separation. 
 In connection with the Separation, we and New Avon entered into several agreements, including among others, an Intellectual Property License Agreement and a Manufacturing and Supply Agreement. The Intellectual Property License Agreement provides New Avon with rights to use certain intellectual property rights that we used in the conduct of the North America business prior to the Separation. The Manufacturing and Supply Agreement provides that we and New Avon will manufacture, or cause to be manufactured, and supply certain products to each other. These agreements establish a bilateral relationship between New Avon and us. We will rely on New Avon to satisfy its performance and payment obligations under these agreements. If New Avon is unable to satisfy its obligations under these agreements, we could incur operational difficulties or losses that could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The licensing of our North America intellectual property rights, including trademarks that are fundamental to our brand, in connection with the Separation could adversely impact our reputation, our business generally, and our ability to enforce intellectual property rights used in both North America and international jurisdictions. 
 In connection with the Separation, we granted New Avon a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free license, with the ability to sublicense, to certain intellectual property rights that we used in the conduct of our North America business prior to the Separation. The Intellectual Property License Agreement includes quality control provisions obligating New Avon and its sublicensees to remain in compliance with applicable law or, for certain of our brands, quality standards that we have provided to New Avon, when selling products under certain trademarks that we have licensed to New Avon. However, there is a risk that failure by New Avon or its sublicensees to comply with such quality control provisions or other conduct by New Avon or its sublicensees associated with the trademarks licensed to New Avon, could adversely affect our reputation and our business globally. We have also granted New Avon enforcement rights to intellectual property licensed to New Avon in certain circumstances, which could adversely affect our position and options globally relating to enforcement of our intellectual property. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 A general economic downturn, a recession globally or in one or more of our geographic regions or markets or sudden disruption in business conditions or other challenges may adversely affect our business, our access to liquidity and capital, and our credit ratings. 
 Current global macro-economic instability or a further downturn in the economies in which we sell our products, including any recession in one or more of our geographic regions or markets could adversely affect our business, our access to liquidity and capital, and our credit ratings. Economic events, including high unemployment levels and recession, have resulted in challenges to our business and a heightened concern regarding further deterioration globally. In addition, as mentioned above, our business is conducted primarily in the direct-selling channel. We could experience declines in revenues, profitability and cash flow due to reduced orders, payment delays, supply chain disruptions or other factors caused by such economic, operational or business challenges. Any or all of these factors could potentially have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and capital resources and credit ratings, including our ability to access short-term financing, reduce flexibility with respect to working capital, and maintain credit lines and offshore cash balances. 
 Consumer spending is also generally affected by a number of factors, including general economic conditions, inflation, interest rates, taxation, energy costs, gasoline prices and consumer confidence generally, all of which are beyond our control. Consumer purchases of discretionary items, such as beauty and related products, tend to decline during recessionary periods, when disposable income is lower, and may impact sales of our products. We may face continued economic challenges in 2022 because customers may continue to have less money for discretionary purchases as a result of job losses, bankruptcies, and reduced access to credit, among other things. 
 Moreover, our results of operations and financial condition have been, and will continue to be, affected by the growth rate of the GDP of the countries in which we operate. We cannot ensure that the GDP of the countries in which we operate will increase or remain stable. Developments in the macroeconomic conditions of the countries in which we operate, including Brazil, which has been experiencing an economic slowdown since 2012, may affect such countries growth rates and, consequently, us. 
 27 

In addition, sudden disruptions in business conditions and consumer spending may result from acts of terror, natural disasters, adverse weather conditions, and pandemic situations or large-scale power outages, none of which are under our control. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic is adversely affecting, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, our operations, manufacturing, supply chains and distribution systems. There is uncertainty around the duration and breadth of the COVID-19 pandemic and the response to it. As a result, we cannot reasonably estimate at this time the continued impact, that COVID-19 may have on our business or operations. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact including on financial markets or otherwise. See also "Item 1A. Risk Factors The COVID-19 pandemic is adversely affecting, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, our operations, manufacturing, supply chains and distribution systems, and we have experienced and expect to continue to experience unpredictable negative effects associated with the pandemic. 
 
 Our success depends, in part, on our key personnel. 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to retain our key personnel. The unexpected loss of or failure to retain one or more of our key employees could adversely affect our business. Our success also depends, in part, on our continuing ability to identify, hire, attract, train, develop and retain other highly qualified personnel. Competition for these employees can be intense and our ability to hire, attract and retain them depends on our ability to provide competitive compensation. We may not be able to attract, assimilate, develop or retain qualified personnel in the future, and our failure to do so could adversely affect our business, including the execution of our global business strategy. Any failure by our management team to perform as expected may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, as well as on our ability to address the challenges arising from the COVID-19 pandemic and the response to it. This risk may be exacerbated by the uncertainties associated with the implementation of Open Up Grow and Avon Integration and any other stabilization strategies and restructuring and cost-saving initiatives we undertake from time to time. 
 
 We are not insured against all risks affecting our activities and our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to 
 cover all losses and/or liabilities that may be incurred by our operations. 
 We cannot provide assurance that our insurance coverage will always be available or will always be sufficient to cover any damages resulting from any kind of claims. In addition, there are certain types of risks that may not be covered by our policies, such as war, force majeure or certain business interruptions. In addition, we cannot provide assurance that when our current insurance policies expire, we will be able to renew them at sufficient and favorable terms. Claims that are not covered by our policies or the failure to renew our insurance policies may materially adversely affect us. 
 
 Any strategic alliances or divestitures may expose us to additional risks. 
 We evaluate potential strategic alliances that would complement our current product offerings, increase the size and geographic scope of our operations or otherwise offer growth and/or operating efficiency opportunities. Strategic alliances may entail numerous risks, including: 
 substantial costs, delays or other operational or financial difficulties, including difficulties in leveraging synergies among the businesses to increase sales and obtain cost savings or achieve expected results; 
 difficulties in assimilating acquired operations or products, including the loss of key employees from any acquired businesses and disruption to our direct-selling channel; 
 diversion of management s attention from our core business; 
 adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers; 
 risks of entering markets in which we have limited or no prior experience; and 
 reputational and other risks regarding our ability to successfully implement such strategic alliances, including obtaining financing which could result in an increase in our indebtedness. 
 Our failure to successfully complete the integration of any new or acquired businesses could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable candidates or consummate such transactions on favorable terms. 
 For divestitures, success is also dependent on effectively and efficiently separating the divested unit or business from the Company and reducing or eliminating associated overhead costs. In cases where a divestiture is not successfully implemented or completed, the Company's business, prospects, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and cash flows could be 
 28 

adversely affected. Please see Risks Related to the Separation of North America for additional information regarding the risks associated with the separation of North America. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic is adversely affecting, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, our operations, manufacturing, supply chains and distribution systems, and we have experienced and expect to continue to experience unpredictable negative effects associated with the pandemic. 
 Public health officials worldwide have recommended and mandated precautions to mitigate the spread of COVID-19, including restrictions on manufacturing, distribution, and congregating in heavily populated areas and shelter-in-place orders or similar measures. As a result, manufacturing and distribution of our products have been and may continue to be negatively impacted. Our suppliers have been similarly impacted by disruptions in global supply chains and climate events that hit electricity generation globally, among other events, which further affect our ability to produce and distribute. Distribution has also been impacted by certain restrictions on import and export in various countries and such restrictions may continue in the future. These restrictions have contributed to inflationary pressures in the cost of certain raw materials used in the production of essential items due to the increased demand for these inputs worldwide, which may affect our ability to procure such raw materials at similar prices as we have prior to the COVID-19 pandemic. The pandemic has also led to challenges in recruiting Representatives, and enrollment of Representatives will likely occur at a slower pace. Additionally, there is a general risk that our employees or other workers could be exposed to the virus and that an incident of infection at one of our sites could result in lock-down measures for the whole site that could negatively impact our business. 
 Our results will continue to be adversely impacted by these public health restrictions and other actions taken to contain or mitigate the impact of COVID-19. Although there have been certain improvements in the restrictive measures being adopted to contain the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, there is still considerable uncertainty as to whether future restrictions might be required or enforced by the authorities in the future. In particular, new variants of the virus have emerged against which existing vaccines and acquired immunity may not be effective. The extent of the continued impact of COVID-19 on our operational and financial performance will depend on certain developments, including the duration and spread of the outbreak and its impact on our Representatives, suppliers and employees, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. COVID-19 also poses risks that our employees, contractors, suppliers, customers and other business partners may be prevented from conducting business activities for an indefinite period of time, including current or future shutdowns that may be requested or mandated by governmental authorities and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity going forward. Furthermore, to the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks to which we are exposed, such as those relating to our high level of indebtedness and our need to generate sufficient cash flows to service our indebtedness. 
 We expect some negative impact on revenue and profits from COVID-19 to continue in 2023, given the emergence of novel strains and variants across the world, which may, in turn, result in lower cash generation from and greater costs in our activities. If the downturn is deeper or for longer than we anticipate, the Company could take certain further actions to ease the pressure of certain cash outflows, such as reducing discretionary expenditure, selling non-core assets, accessing government pandemic initiatives or arranging borrowing facilities with third-party banks and affiliate companies. Our projections indicate that we should have sufficient liquidity to meet our obligations to parties other than Natura Co and its affiliates for a period of not less than 12 months from the date of issuance of the Consolidated Financial Statements contained herein. The Company has received an irrevocable commitment from Natura Co Holding that it will provide sufficient financial support if and when needed to enable the Company to meet its obligations as they come due in the normal course of business for a period of not less than 12 months from the date of issuance of the Consolidated Financial Statements contained herein. For further information see Note 1, Accounting Policies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 There is uncertainty around the duration and breadth of the COVID-19 pandemic and the response to it. As a result the ultimate impact on our business, financial condition or operating results cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. While we expect the impacts of COVID-19 to continue to have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, we are unable to predict the extent or precise nature of these impacts at this time. If the pandemic or the resulting economic downturn continues to worsen, we could experience loss of business, which could have a material impact on our financial position and cash flows. 
 In addition, in the future, other regional and / or global outbreaks of communicable diseases may occur. If they occur, the effects that the Company will suffer may be similar or even greater than the effects it is suffering as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 If the COVID-19 pandemic continues to adversely affect the global economy and/or adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity or results of operations, it may also increase the likelihood and/or magnitude of other risks described in this Risk Factors section. 
 Climate change can create physical risks, transition risks and other risks that could adversely affect us. 
 29 

Climate risk is a transversal risk that can be an aggravating factor for the types of traditional risks that we manage in the ordinary course of business, including without limitation the risks described in this Risk Factors section. Based on the classifications used by Task-Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures, we consider that there are two primary sources of climate change related financial risks: physical and transition. 
 Physical risks resulting from climate change can be event-driven (acute) or long-term shifts (chronic) in climate patterns: 
 Acute physical risks include increased severity of extreme weather events, such as drought, hurricanes, or floods. 
 Chronic physical risks include changes in precipitation patterns and extreme variability in weather patterns, rising mean temperatures, chronic heat waves or rising sea levels. 
 Such events could disrupt our operations or those of our customers or third parties on which we rely and with whom we do business, including through direct damage to assets and indirect impacts from supply chain disruption and market volatility. If we fail to adequately embed risks arising from climate change into our risk and operational frameworks to appropriately measure, manage and disclose the various financial and operational risks that may result from climate change, or if we fail to adapt our strategy and business model to a changing regulatory and market environment, we may face significant adverse impacts on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In turn, transition risks refer to actions brought on to address mitigation and adaptation requirements related to climate change, and they can fall into various categories such as market, technology and market changes: 
 Market risk may manifest through shifts in supply and demand for certain commodities, products, and services, as climate-related risks and opportunities are increasingly taken into account. 
 Technology risk arises from improvements or innovations to support the transition to a lower-carbon, energy efficient economic system that can have a significant impact on companies to the extent that new technology displaces old systems and disrupts some parts of the existing economic system. 
 Operational risks could result if severe weather events directly impacts business continuity and both our customers and our operations. 
 Policy actions generally fall into two categories those that attempt to constrain actions that contribute to the adverse effects of climate change and those that seek to promote adaptation to climate change. The risk associated with and the financial impact of policy changes depend on the nature and timing of the policy change. 
 Regulatory compliance risks mean that increased regulatory compliance risk may result from the increasing focus, pace, breadth and depth of regulatory expectations requiring implementation in short timeframes across multiple jurisdictions. 
 Reputational risks are run to the extent our reputation and client relationships may be damaged as a result of our practices, disclosures and decisions related to climate change and social and environmental matters, or to the practices or involvement of our clients, vendors or suppliers in certain industries or projects associated with causing or exacerbating climate change. 
 We are already subject to certain regulatory environmental requirements that may increase going forward as a result of the increasing importance of environmental matters. This and other changes in regulations in international markets may expose us to increased compliance costs, limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities and provide certain products and services, each of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our principal properties worldwide consist of manufacturing facilities for the production of Beauty products, distribution centers where administrative offices are located and where finished merchandise is packed and shipped to Representatives in fulfilment of their orders, and one principal research and development facility located in Suffern, New York. However, on November 3, 2022, our board of directors approved a plan to relocate its research and development facilities to Brazil and Poland, two of our largest markets, by the end of its fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2024, in order to further deliver its Global Innovation Program and realize cost efficiencies. As a result, Avon will close its research and development facility in Suffern. The closure of the Suffern facility is expected to be completed by the end of Avon s fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2024. 
 Since January 2017 our principal executive offices have been located in the UK, and presently are leased in Northampton, UK. All the floors of our previous principal executive office location at 777 Third Avenue, New York, NY continue to be subleased. 
 During 2022, we sold our Poland freehold administrative office. See Note 3, Discontinued Operations and Assets and Liabilities held for sale, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 30 

In addition to the facilities noted above, other principal properties measuring 50,000 square feet or more include the following: 
 three manufacturing facilities, nine distribution centers and one administrative office in Avon International; and 
 two manufacturing facilities, nine distribution centers and one administrative office in Avon Latin America. 
 We consider all of our principal properties to be in good repair, to adequately meet our needs and to operate at reasonable levels of productive capacity. 
 Of all the properties listed above, 17 are owned and the remaining 10 are leased. Many of our properties are used for a combination of manufacturing, distribution and administration. These properties are included based on primary usage. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 Reference is made to Note 17, Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 31 

PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market for Avon s Common Stock 
 
 At December 31, 2022, all of our common stock was held by Natura Co Holding S.A. (either directly or through its subsidiaries). 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

32 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS ("MD A") 
 (U.S. dollars in millions, except per share and share data) 
 You should read the following discussion of the results of operations and financial condition of Avon Products, Inc. and its majority and wholly owned subsidiaries in conjunction with the information contained in the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto contained herein. When used in this discussion, the terms "Avon," "Company," "we," "our" or "us" mean, unless the context otherwise indicates, Avon Products, Inc. and its majority and wholly owned subsidiaries. 
 See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" of this MD A for a description of how constant dollar ("Constant ") growth rates (a Non-GAAP financial measure) are determined and see "Performance Metrics" of this MD A for definitions of our performance metrics (Change in Active Representatives, Change in units sold, Change in Ending Representatives and Change in Average Order). 
 Overview 
 We are a global manufacturer and marketer of beauty and related products. Our business is conducted primarily in the direct-selling channel, with a strategy to expand to omnichannel. During 2022, we had sales operations in 51 countries and territories, and distributed products in 23 more. At December 31, 2022, we had sales operations in 49 countries and territories. All of our consolidated revenue is derived from operations of subsidiaries outside of the United States. Our reportable segments are based on geographic operations in two regions, Avon International and Avon Latin America. Our product categories are Beauty and Fashion Home. Beauty consists of skincare, fragrance and color (cosmetics). Fashion Home consists of fashion jewelry, watches, apparel, footwear, accessories, gift and decorative products, housewares, entertainment and leisure products, children s products and nutritional products. Sales are made to the ultimate consumer principally through direct selling by Representatives, who are independent contractors and not our employees. 
 On average we had approximately 4 million Active Representatives during the year ended December 31, 2022, which represents the number of Representatives submitting an order in a sales campaign, totaled for all campaigns during the year and then divided by the number of campaigns. The success of our business is highly dependent on recruiting, retaining and servicing our Representatives. 
 Total revenue decreased 19 compared to the prior-year period, favorably impacted by the recognition of revenue associated with a settlement agreement to resolve a breach of contract dispute in the current year period and the recognition of certain Brazil indirect taxes in the prior-year period and unfavorably impacted by the recognition of certain Brazil indirect taxes in the current year period. 
 Excluding these items, Adjusted revenue decreased 19 , unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange variations, primarily driven by the weakening of the U.S. dollar relative to the Brazilian real, offset by the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the Turkish lira, Pound Sterling, Polish zloty, Philippine peso and the Argentinian peso. 
 On a Constant basis, Adjusted revenue decreased 12 year-on-year driven by a 10 decrease in Avon International and a 15 decrease in Avon Latin America, mostly as a result of (i) the sale of Avon Luxembourg on July 1, 2021, (ii) Average Representative Sales increases being more than offset by a 23 decrease in Active Representatives and (iii) the impact of the ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia. During the year ended December 31, 2022, revenues from Ukraine and Russia represented approximately 8 of total revenue compared to approximately 9 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Constant Adjusted revenue excluding the impact of the sale of Avon Luxembourg decreased 6 as increases in Average Representative Sales were more than offset by a 10 decrease in Active Representatives. 
 Units sold decreased 27 (or 13 excluding the impact of the sale of Avon Luxembourg), driven by decreases in both Avon International and Avon Latin America. 
 See " Segment Review" for additional information related to changes in revenue by segment. 
 Merger with Natura Cosm ticos S.A. 
 On May 22, 2019, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Mergers with Natura Cosm ticos, Natura Co Holding and Natura Co pursuant to which, in a series of transactions, Avon and Natura Cosm ticos became direct wholly owned subsidiaries of Natura Co. For additional information see Note 20, Merger with Natura Cosm ticos S.A., to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. On January 3, 2020, the Company consummated the Transaction and became a fully owned subsidiary of Natura Co Holding. In connection with the consummation of the Transaction, the Company notified the NYSE that trading of their stock should be suspended, the Company's common stock was subsequently delisted and deregistered. 
 COVID-19 Pandemic 
 33 

Beginning with the first quarter of 2020, there has been a worldwide impact from the COVID-19 pandemic as during 2020, many markets were subject to lockdown restrictions to varying degrees, which limited our ability to recruit and enroll Representatives, operate manufacturing facilities and distribution centers and to process and deliver orders. See also Item 1A. Risk Factors The COVID-19 pandemic is adversely affecting, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, our operations, manufacturing, supply chains and distribution systems, and we have experienced and expect to continue to experience unpredictable negative effects associated with the pandemic". 
 Inflation 
 In 2021 and 2022, the continuing economic disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic also resulted in inflationary pressures on the cost of certain raw materials used in the production of essential items due to the increased demand for these inputs worldwide. These inflationary pressures were compounded in 2022 by the ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia which adversely impacted energy prices around the globe and further increased inflationary pressures. 
 We believe that these recent inflationary pressures, an increase in energy and utility prices globally, the effect of such increased prices on energy-intensive products, increases in transportation costs and the ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia may lead to a significant increase in the rate of inflation. This increase may, in turn, adversely affect demand for our products in that inflation may adversely affect both consumer confidence and the purchasing power of our community of customers, who may already have been considering a switch to lower cost products. We may not be able to pass on these increases in whole or in part to our customers, which may adversely affect our profit margin. High inflation may also lead to an increase in the costs of our operations, including by virtue of increased energy, utility and transportation prices and an increase in the cost of certain raw materials. 
 Inflationary pressures also may lead governments to intervene in the economy, including through the implementation of government policies that may have an adverse effect on us and our customers, such as increasing interest rates. High interest rates may impact our cost of obtaining loans and also the cost of any future indebtedness, resulting in an increase in our financial expenses. As such, this increase may adversely affect our ability to pay our financial obligations, as it reduces our cash availability. Increased interest rates may also adversely affect our ability to pay our commitments under certain of our operational lease agreements with adjustments directly linked to inflation. As of the date of this report, we are unable to estimate the longer-term economic impact of inflation on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We will continue to review our revenue, investments, expenses and cash outflows, as well as adjusting our relationships with suppliers. Furthermore, the actions outlined above are continuously being re-evaluated in light of global developments relating to inflation and inflationary pressures. 
 See also Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our International Operations Inflation and government measures to curb inflation may adversely affect the economies and capital markets in some of the countries in which we operate, and as a result, harm our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as the trading price of our ordinary shares. 
 Ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia 
 On February 24, 2022, Russia launched a military invasion of Ukraine. The ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia has provoked strong reactions from the United States, the UK, the European Union (the EU and various other countries around the world, including the imposition of broad financial and economic sanctions against Russia. 
 As a result of the ongoing war in Ukraine, our Ukraine Distribution center operations are currently suspended for an indeterminate period with orders being shipped to the market from the Polish Distribution center instead. 
 Along with this, our Russian manufacturing facilities have suspended deliveries of products outside of Russia and we have made substantial changes to our structure, controls and commercial operations in response to the war. Certain suppliers of raw ingredients and components to our Russian manufacturing facilities and of finished products to our Russian business may require us to take additional measures in order to continue supplying our Russian operations. Failure on our part to provide for such additional measures could impair the functioning of our Russian manufacturing facilities and could also result in disruptions in supply or our inability to source certain finished products to sell to customers in Russia. These changes will not impact our Eastern European operations as demand for finished goods is being sourced from manufacturing facilities in other European markets. 
 Furthermore, the Ukrainian hryvnia and Russian ruble have experienced greater volatility relative to the U.S. dollar since the invasion and may be volatile in the coming months as a result of the conflict. We expect that these currency fluctuations, and in particular that of the Russian ruble given the historical scale of our operations in Russia, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition in these countries as well as a resulting material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 
 While the precise effects of the ongoing war and these sanctions on the Russian and global economies remain uncertain, they have already resulted in significant volatility in financial markets as well as in an increase in energy and commodity prices 
 34 

globally. Should the conflict continue or escalate, markets may face various economic and security consequences including, but not limited to, supply shortages of different kinds, further increases in prices of commodities, including piped gas, oil and agricultural goods, significant disruptions in logistics infrastructure, telecommunications services, the risk of unavailability of information technology systems and infrastructure, among others, given that Ukraine and Russia are significant exporters of commodities. The resulting impacts on financial markets, inflation, interest rates, unemployment and other matters could disrupt the global economy s ongoing recovery following the COVID-19 pandemic. Other potential consequences include, but are not limited to, growth in the number of popular uprisings in the region, increased political discontent, especially in the regions most affected by the conflict or economic sanctions, increase in cyberterrorism activities and attacks, displacement of persons to regions close to the areas of conflict and an increase in the number of refugees fleeing across Europe, among other unforeseen social and humanitarian effects. 
 See also Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our International Operations Our ability to conduct business in our international markets may be affected by economic, political, legal, tax and regulatory risks and Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our International Operations The ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Going concern 
 Considering the uncertain nature of any possible future COVID-19 impacts which are beyond the Company s control and the ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia, we expect these factors to continue to adversely affect our operations, which could in turn result in lower revenues and lower cash generation from activities. If these impacts are deeper or for longer than we anticipate, the Company could take certain further actions to ease the pressure of certain cash outflows, such as reducing discretionary expenditure, selling non-core assets, accessing government pandemic initiatives or arranging borrowing facilities with third-party banks and affiliate companies. 
 The Company has received an irrevocable commitment from Natura Co Holding that it will provide sufficient financial support if and when needed to enable the Company to meet its obligations as they come due in the normal course of business. This commitment is effective through to March 31, 2024, a period of more than 12 months from the date of issuance of the Consolidated Financial Statements. See Note 7, Debt and Other Financing, and Note 15, Leases and Commitments, respectively, for information on our debt and contractual financial obligations and commitments, including the loans from Natura Co and its affiliates maturing within one year. 
 Cyber-incident 
 In June 2020, the Company became aware that it was exposed to a cyber-incident in its Information Technology ("IT") environment which interrupted some systems and partially affected the Company's operations. We engaged leading external cyber security and IT general controls specialists, launched a comprehensive containment and remediation effort and started a forensic investigation. By mid-August, the Company had re-established all of its core business processes and resumed operations in all of its markets, including all of its distribution centers. 
 The cyber-incident did not have a material impact on our full year 2020 revenue, although it resulted in a shift in revenue from the second quarter to the third quarter of 2020 as the Company fulfilled the order backlog created. The incremental expense incurred as a result of the cyber-incident was not material. 
 Although we had no indication that the accuracy and completeness of any financial information was impacted as a result of the incident, the Company performed extensive procedures immediately after discovering the incident to validate such accuracy and completeness. 
 Natura Co - Avon Integration 
 Subsequent to the merger of Natura and Avon in January 2020, an integration plan (the "Avon Integration") was established to create the right global infrastructure to support the future ambitions of the Natura Co Group while also identifying synergies and opportunities to leverage our combined strength, scale and reach. Synergies will be derived mainly from procurement, manufacturing/distribution and administrative, as well as top line synergies, primarily between Avon LATAM and Natura Co Latin America. 
 Open Up Avon, Open Up Grow and Transformation Plan 
 In January 2016, we initiated a transformation plan (the "Transformation Plan"), which was completed in 2018. 
 In September 2018, we initiated a new strategy in order to return Avon to growth ("Open Up Avon"). The Open Up Avon strategy is integral to our ability to return Avon to growth, built around the necessity of incorporating new approaches to various elements of our business, including increased utilization of third-party providers in manufacturing and technology, a more fit for purpose asset base, and a focus on enabling our Representatives to more easily interact with the company and achieve relevant earnings. These savings have been and are expected to continue to be achieved through restructuring actions 
 35 

(that have may continue to result in charges related to severance, contract terminations and inventory and other asset write-offs), as well as other cost-savings strategies that would not result in restructuring charges. In January 2019, we announced significant advancements in this strategy, including a structural reset of inventory processes and a reduction in global workforce. 
 In May 2020, the new leadership of Avon International refreshed our strategy ("Open Up Grow") which aims to return Avon International to growth over the next three years. Open Up Grow replaces and builds on the success of the Open Up Avon strategy, launched in 2018 to strengthen competitiveness through enhancing the representative experience, improving brand position and relevance, accelerating digital expansion and improving costs. Over this three-year period, savings are expected to continue to be achieved through restructuring actions (that may continue to result in charges related to severance, contract terminations and asset write-offs), as well as other cost-savings strategies that would not result in restructuring charges. 
 For additional details on restructuring initiatives, see Note 16, Restructuring Initiatives, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 Turkish Currency 
 During the first quarter of 2022, published official exchange rates for Turkey indicated that the three-year cumulative inflation rate has exceeded 100 . As a result, we concluded that Turkey has become a highly inflationary economy. From April 1, 2022, we have applied inflationary accounting for our Turkish subsidiary. As such, the functional currency for Turkey has changed to the U.S. dollar, which is the consolidated group's reporting currency. 
 As a result of highly inflationary accounting for our Turkish subsidiary, the most significant impacts in our Consolidated Statement of Operations, are in cost of sales, primarily due to inventory being accounted for at its historical dollar cost, and in other (expense) income, net, primarily associated with the net monetary position of Turkey. However, these impacts are not considered material to our Consolidated Income Statements. 
 Sale of Avon Luxembourg Holdings S. r.l 
 On July 1, 2021, the Company sold Avon Luxembourg, including our Mexican business, to a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding for 150, with the proceeds used to repay maturing loans of 150 borrowed under the 250 Revolving Credit Facility with a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding. 
 The sale was accounted for as a transaction under common control in accordance with ASC805 - Business Combinations, with the resulting gain of 148 representing the difference between the proceeds, the net assets of Avon Luxembourg on the date of sale, and the cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment, taken directly to retained earnings. For additional information, see the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Deficit. 
 Relocation of the subsidiary Avon Products Inc research and development facility 
 On November 3, 2022, our board of directors approved a plan to relocate the Company's research and development facilities to Brazil and Poland, two of our largest markets, by the end of its fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2024, in order to further deliver the Company's Global Innovation Program and realize cost efficiencies. As a result, Avon will close its research and development facility in Suffern, New York. The closure of the Suffern facility is expected to be completed by the end of Avon s fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2024. 
 For additional details on restructuring initiatives, see Note 16, Restructuring Initiatives, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 Impairment of goodwill 
 The majority of our goodwill is held in our business in Colombia. During the 2022 annual impairment test, our analysis of the Colombia business indicated an impairment as the carrying value of the business exceeded the estimated fair value. This was primarily the result of reducing our long-term projections of the business as it continued to experience challenging trading and economic conditions as a result of the continuing economic disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent inflationary pressures compounded by the ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia. Accordingly, a non-cash impairment charge of 35.8 was recorded to reduce the carrying amount of goodwill. 
 See "Critical Accounting Estimates" of this MD A for further discussion of the impairment of goodwill. 
 
 New Accounting Standards 
 Information relating to new accounting standards is included in Note 2, New Accounting Standards, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 36 

Performance Metrics 
 Within this MD A, in addition to our key financial metrics of revenue, operating profit and operating margin, we utilize the performance metrics defined below to assist in the evaluation of our business. 
 Performance Metrics 
 Definition Change in Active Representatives This metric is a measure of Representative activity based on the number of unique Representatives submitting at least one order in a sales campaign, totaled for all campaigns in the related period. To determine the change in Active Representatives, this calculation is compared to the same calculation in the corresponding period of the prior year. Orders in China are excluded from this metric as our business in China is predominantly retail. Change in Average Representative Sales This metric is a measure of Representative productivity. The calculation is the difference of the year-over-year change in revenue on a Constant basis and the Change in Active Representatives. Change in Average Representative Sales may be impacted by a combination of factors such as inflation, units, product mix, and/or pricing. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 To supplement our financial results presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. ("GAAP"), we disclose operating results that have been adjusted to exclude the impact of changes due to the translation of foreign currencies into U.S. dollars, including changes in: revenue, Adjusted revenue, operating profit, Adjusted operating profit, operating margin and Adjusted operating margin. We refer to these adjusted financial measures as Constant items, which are Non-GAAP financial measures. We believe these measures provide investors an additional perspective on trends and underlying business results. To exclude the impact of changes due to the translation of foreign currencies into U.S. dollars, we calculate current-year results and prior-year results at constant exchange rates, which are updated on an annual basis as part of our budgeting process. Foreign currency impact is determined as the difference between actual growth rates and Constant growth rates. 
 We also present revenue, gross margin, SG A as a percentage of revenue, operating profit, operating margin and income (loss) before taxes on a Non-GAAP basis. We refer to these Non-GAAP financial measures as "Adjusted." We have provided a quantitative reconciliation of the difference between the Non-GAAP financial measures and financial measures calculated and reported in accordance with GAAP. See "Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" within "Results of Operations - Consolidated" in this MD A for this quantitative reconciliation. 
 The Company uses the Non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate its operating performance. These Non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. The Company believes investors find the Non-GAAP information helpful in understanding the ongoing performance of operations separate from items that may have a disproportionate positive or negative impact on the Company's financial results in any particular period. The Company believes that it is meaningful for investors to be made aware of the impacts of 1) certain Brazil indirect taxes; 2) CTI restructuring initiatives; 3) costs related to the Transaction; 4) costs associated with the early termination of debt and credit facilities, 5) the settlement agreement to resolve a breach of contract dispute and 6) the impairment of goodwill held in our business in Colombia. 
 (1) 2022 includes the impact of certain Brazil indirect taxes, which were recorded in product sales and selling, general and administrative expenses, net in the amounts of approximately cost of 10 and approximately 3, respectively. The corresponding tax impact was approximately 6. 2021 includes the impact of certain Brazil indirect taxes, which were recorded in product sales and selling, general and administrative expenses, net in the amounts of approximately 21 and approximately 2, respectively. The corresponding tax impact was approximately 7. 2020 includes the impact of certain Brazil indirect taxes, which were recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses, net in the amounts of approximately 11. The corresponding tax impact was approximately 4. See Note 19, Supplemental Balance Sheet Information, to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained herein for further information. 
 (2) CTI restructuring initiatives includes the impact on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for all periods presented of net charges incurred on approved restructuring initiatives. See Note 16, Restructuring Initiative, to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained herein for further information. 
 (3) During 2020, the Company recorded approximately 86 of costs related to the Transaction, primarily including professional fees incurred of approximately 46, severance payments of approximately 25 and acceleration of share based compensation of approximately 10 relating to these terminations triggered by change in control provisions. See Note 20, Agreement and Plan of Mergers with Natura Cosm ticos S.A., to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained herein and "Agreement and Plan of Mergers with Natura Cosm ticos S.A.," in this MD A for further information. 
 37 

(4) During 2022, the Company incurred costs of 16 associated with the early repayment of the 462 aggregate principal of the 5 Notes due in March 2023, in May 2022. During 2020, the Company incurred costs of 38 associated with the early termination of debt and credit facilities. 
 (5) During 2022, an Avon subsidiary concluded the negotiation of a settlement agreement to resolve a breach of contract dispute in Japan. As a result, Avon received cash compensation in the amount of 27 of which approximately 3 related to the settlement of historically recognized revenues and approximately 24 was recognized as revenue. 
 (6) During the 2022 annual impairment test, our analysis of the Colombia business indicated an impairment as the carrying value of the business exceeded the estimated fair value. This was primarily the result of reducing our long-term projections of the business as it continued to experience challenging trading and economic conditions as a result of the continuing economic disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent inflationary pressures compounded by the ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia. Accordingly, a non-cash impairment charge of 35.8 was recorded to reduce the carrying amount of goodwill. 
 See Note 17, Contingencies, Note 16, Restructuring Initiatives, Note 14, Segment Information, Note 1, Description of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Note 7, Debt and Other Financing, and Note 9, Income Taxes, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. See also "Effective Tax Rate" in this MD A, and "Results Of Operations - Consolidated" below, for more information on these items. 
 Sale of Avon Luxembourg Holdings S. r.l 
 On July 1, 2021, the Company sold Avon Luxembourg, including our Mexican business, to a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding for 150, with the proceeds used to repay maturing loans of 150 borrowed under the 250 Revolving Credit Facility with a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding. The sale was accounted for as a transaction under common control in accordance with ASC805 - Business Combinations, with the resulting gain of 148 representing the difference between the proceeds, the net assets of Avon Luxembourg on the date of sale, and the cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment, taken directly to Retained Earnings. For additional information, see the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Deficit. 
 The sale did not qualify for accounting as a discontinued operation in accordance with ASC805 - Business Combinations on the basis that it did not represent a strategic shift having a major effect on the Company's operations and, as a result, the results of operations in prior periods include the results of Avon Luxembourg Holdings S. r.l. and its subsidiaries. While not a non-GAAP measure, in order to better evaluate the ongoing operating performance of the remaining group, the tables below also identify the prior period impacts of the sale of Avon Luxembourg Holdings S. r.l. and its subsidiaries, including our Mexican business. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 We believe the accounting policies described below represent our critical accounting policies due to the estimation processes involved in each. See Note 1, Description of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for a detailed discussion of the application of these and other accounting policies. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Revenue is recognized when control of a product or service is transferred to a customer, which is generally the Representative. Revenue is measured based on the consideration specified in a contract with a customer and excludes amounts collected on behalf of third parties, such as Value Added Taxes collected for taxing authorities. 
 Our contracts with Representatives often include multiple promises to transfer products and/or services to the Representative and determining which of these products and/or services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately. When assessing the recognition of revenue for the identified performance obligations, management has exercised significant judgment in the following areas: estimation of variable consideration and the stand-alone selling prices ("SSP") of promised goods or services delivered under sales incentives to determine and allocate the transaction price. 
 Typically included within a contract with customers is variable consideration, such as sales returns and late payment fees. Revenue is only recorded to the extent it is probable that it will not be reversed, and therefore revenue is adjusted for variable consideration. Judgment is required to estimate the variable consideration. The Company uses the expected value method, which considers possible outcomes weighted by their probability. Specifically, for sales returns, a refund liability will be recorded for the estimated cash to be refunded for the products expected to be returned, and a returns asset will be recorded for the products which we expect to be returned and re-sold, each of these based on historical experience. The estimate of sales returns as well as the measurement of the returns asset and the refund liability is updated at the end of each month for changes in expectations regarding the amount of salvageable returns, reconditioning costs and any additional decreases in the value of the returned products. Late payment fees are recorded when the uncertainty associated with collecting such fees are resolved (i.e., when collected). 
 38 

Additionally, management has exercised significant judgment in the estimation of the SSP of promised goods or services delivered under sales incentives such as status programs, loyalty points, prospective discounts, and gift with purchase, among others, to determine and allocate the transaction price. SSP represents the estimated market value, or the estimated amount that could be charged for that material right when the entity sells it separately in similar circumstances to similar customers. Judgment is required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation. In instances where SSP is not directly observable, such as when we do not sell the product or service separately, including for certain sales incentives, we determine the SSP using information that may include market prices and other observable inputs. 
 Allowances for Doubtful Accounts Receivable 
 Representatives contact their customers, selling primarily through the use of brochures for each sales campaign, generally on credit if the Representatives meet certain criteria. Sales campaigns are generally 3-4 weeks or a month in duration. The Representative purchases products directly from us and may or may not sell them to an end user. In general, the Representative, an independent contractor, remits a payment to us during each sales campaign, which relates to the prior campaign cycle. The Representative is generally precluded from submitting an order for the current sales campaign until the accounts receivable balance past due for prior campaigns is paid; however, there are circumstances where the Representative fails to make the required payment. We record an estimate of an allowance for doubtful accounts on receivable balances based on an analysis of historical data and, as applicable, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect collectability, including seasonality and changing trends and the impact of COVID-19. Over the past three years, annual bad debt expense was 52 in 2022, 62 in 2021 and 78 in 2020, or approximately 2 of total revenue in 2022, 2021 and 2020. The allowance for doubtful accounts is reviewed for adequacy, at a minimum, on a quarterly basis. We generally have no detailed information concerning, or any communication with, any end user of our products beyond the Representative. We have no legal recourse against the end user for the collection of any accounts receivable balances due from the Representative to us. If the financial condition of the Representatives were to deteriorate, resulting in their inability to make payments, additional allowances may be required. 
 Allowances for Sales Returns 
 Policies and practices for product returns vary by jurisdiction. We record a provision for estimated sales returns based on historical experience with product returns. Over the past three years, annual sales returns were 53 for 2022, 76 for 2021 and 101 for 2020, or 2-3 of total revenue in each year, which has been generally in line with our expectations. If the historical data we use to calculate these estimates does not approximate future returns, due to changes in marketing or promotional strategies, or for other reasons, additional allowances may be required. 
 Provisions for Inventory Obsolescence 
 We record an allowance for estimated obsolescence, when applicable, equal to the difference between the cost of inventory and the net realizable value. In determining the allowance for estimated obsolescence, we classify inventory into various categories based upon its stage in the product life cycle, future marketing sales plans and the disposition process. We assign a degree of obsolescence risk to products based on this classification to estimate the level of obsolescence provision. If actual sales are less favorable than those projected, additional inventory allowances may need to be recorded for such additional obsolescence. Annual obsolescence expense was 23 in 2022, 27 in 2021 and 38 in 2020, or approximately 1 of total revenue in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Pension and Postretirement Expense 
 We maintain defined benefit pension plans, the most significant of which are in the UK, Germany and the U.S. However, our U.S. defined benefit pension plan is closed to employees hired on or after January 1, 2015 and the UK defined benefit pension plan was frozen for future accruals as of April 1, 2013 and closed to employees hired on or after September 30, 2006. Additionally, we have unfunded supplemental pension benefit plans for some current and retired executives and provide retiree health care benefits subject to certain limitations to certain retired employees in the U.S. and certain foreign countries. See Note 13, Employee Benefit Plans, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for more information on our benefit plans. 
 Pension and postretirement expense and the requirements for funding our major pension plans are determined based on a number of actuarial assumptions, which are generally reviewed and determined on an annual basis. These assumptions include the discount rate applied to plan obligations, the expected rate of return on plan assets, the rate of compensation increase of plan participants, interest crediting rates, price inflation, cost-of-living adjustments, mortality rates and certain other demographic assumptions, and other factors. We use a December 31 measurement date for all of our employee benefit plans. 
 For 2022, the weighted average assumed rate of return on all pension plan assets was 2.35 , as compared with 2.45 for 2021. In determining the long-term rates of return, we consider the nature of the plans investments, an expectation for the plans 
 39 

investment strategies, historical rates of return and current economic forecasts. We generally evaluate the expected long-term rates of return annually and adjust as necessary. 
 In some of our defined benefit pension plans, we have adopted investment strategies which are designed to match the movements in the pension liability through an increased allocation towards debt securities. In addition, we also utilize derivative instruments in our UK defined benefit pension plans to hedge certain risks. Derivative instruments may include, but are not limited to, futures, options, swaps or swaptions. Investment types, including the use of derivatives are based on written guidelines established for each investment manager and monitored by the plan's investment committee. 
 A significant portion of our pension plan assets relate to the UK defined benefit pension plan. The assumed rate of return for determining 2022 net periodic benefit cost for the UK defined benefit pension plan was 1.90 . In addition, the 2022 rate of return assumption for the UK defined benefit pension plan was based on an asset allocation of approximately 94 in liability driven investments, approximately 6 in equity securities, emerging market debt and high yield securities. In addition to the physical assets, the asset portfolio for the UK defined benefit pension plan has derivative instruments which increase our exposure to fixed income (in order to better match liabilities). The rate of return on the plan assets in the UK was approximately (28.7) in 2022 and approximately 3.4 in 2021. 
 The discount rate used for determining the present value of future pension obligations for each individual plan is based on a review of bonds that receive a high-quality rating from a recognized rating agency. The discount rates for calculating the balance sheet obligations of our more significant plans, including our UK defined benefit pension plan and our U.S. defined benefit pension plan, were based on the internal rates of return for a portfolio of high-quality bonds with maturities that are consistent with the projected future benefit payment obligations of each plan. The weighted-average discount rate for U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans determined on this basis was 4.83 at December 31, 2022, and 2.15 at December 31, 2021. For the determination of the expected rates of return on assets and the discount rates, we take external actuarial and investment advice into consideration. 
 Our funding requirements may be impacted by standards and regulations or interpretations thereof. Our calculations of pension and postretirement costs are dependent on the use of assumptions, including discount rates, hybrid plan maximum interest crediting rates and expected return on plan assets discussed above, rate of compensation increase of plan participants, interest cost, benefits earned, mortality rates, the number of participants and certain demographics and other factors. Actual results that differ from assumptions are accumulated and amortized to expense over future periods and, therefore, generally affect recognized expense in future periods. At December 31, 2022, we had pretax actuarial losses and prior service credits totaling approximately 17 for the U.S. defined benefit pension and postretirement plans and approximately 117 for the non-U.S. defined benefit pension and postretirement plans that have not yet been charged to expense. These actuarial losses have been charged to AOCI within shareholders equity. While we believe that the assumptions used are reasonable, differences in actual experience or changes in assumptions may materially affect our pension and postretirement obligations and future expense. For 2023, our assumption for the expected rate of return on assets is 6.35 for our U.S. defined benefit pension plan and 4.35 for our non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans (which includes 4 for our UK defined benefit pension plan). Our assumptions are generally reviewed and determined on an annual basis. 
 A 50 basis point change (in either direction) in the expected rate of return on plan assets, the discount rate or the rate of compensation increases, would have had approximately the following effect on 2022 pension expense and the pension benefit obligation at December 31, 2022: 
 Increase/(Decrease) in Pension Expense Increase/(Decrease) in Pension Obligation 50 Basis Point 50 Basis Point Increase Decrease Increase Decrease Rate of return on assets (3.40) 3.40 N/A N/A Discount rate .1 (.4) (32.2) 34.8 Rate of compensation increase .3 (.3) 2.0 (2.0) 
 Restructuring Reserves 
 We record the estimated expense for our restructuring initiatives when such costs are deemed probable and estimable, when approved by the appropriate corporate authority and by accumulating detailed estimates of costs for such plans. These expenses include the estimated costs of employee severance and related benefits, inventory write-offs, impairment or accelerated depreciation of property, plant and equipment and capitalized software, and any other qualifying exit costs. These estimated costs are grouped by specific projects within the overall plan and are then monitored on a quarterly basis by finance personnel. Such costs represent our best estimate, but require assumptions about the programs that may change over time, including attrition rates. Estimates are evaluated periodically to determine whether an adjustment is required. 
 40 

Taxes 
 We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to an amount that is "more likely than not" to be realized. Evaluating the need for and quantifying the valuation allowance often requires significant judgment and extensive analysis of all the weighted positive and negative evidence available to the Company in order to determine whether all or some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In performing this analysis, the Company s forecasted U.S. and foreign taxable income, and the existence of potential prudent and feasible tax planning strategies that would enable the Company to utilize some or all of its deferred tax assets, are taken into consideration. At December 31, 2022, we had recognized deferred tax assets of approximately 52 net of valuation allowances of approximately 941. 
 We monitor the realizability of our deferred tax assets on a continuous basis. Should macroeconomic and socio-political conditions change or our business operations do not improve, some or all of our remaining deferred tax assets could potentially need to be offset with the recording of a valuation allowance during the next 12 months. 
 At December 31, 2022, we continue to assert that substantially all of our foreign earnings are indefinitely reinvested. At December 31, 2022 the company s undistributed foreign earnings is approximately 1.2 billion and would generate an approximate 10 of income tax if repatriated from the local subsidiaries. 
 With respect to our uncertain tax positions, we recognize the benefit of a tax position, if that position is more likely than not of being sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. We believe that our assessment of more likely than not is reasonable, but because of the subjectivity involved and the unpredictable nature of the subject matter at issue, our assessment may prove ultimately to be incorrect, which could materially impact our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Loss Contingencies 
 We determine whether to disclose and/or accrue for loss contingencies based on an assessment of whether the risk of loss is remote, reasonably possible or probable. We record loss contingencies when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss is reasonably estimable. Our assessment is developed in consultation with our outside counsel and other advisors and is based on an analysis of possible outcomes under various strategies. Loss contingency assumptions involve judgments that are inherently subjective and can involve matters that are in litigation, which, by its nature is unpredictable. We believe that our assessment of the probability of loss contingencies is reasonable, but because of the subjectivity involved and the unpredictable nature of the subject matter at issue, our assessment may prove ultimately to be incorrect, which could materially impact our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Impairment of Assets 
 Plant, Property and Equipment and Capitalized Software 
 We evaluate our plant, property and equipment and capitalized software for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated pre-tax undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. The fair value of the asset is determined using revenue and cash flow projections, and royalty and discount rates, as appropriate. 
 Goodwill 
 We test goodwill for impairment annually, and more frequently if circumstances warrant, using various fair value methods. We completed our annual goodwill impairment assessment for 2022 in December and determined that the estimated fair values were substantially in excess of the carrying values of each of our reporting units. 
 The impairment analyses performed for goodwill require several estimates in computing the estimated fair value of a reporting unit. As part of our goodwill impairment analysis, we typically use a discounted cash flow ("DCF") approach to estimate the fair value of a reporting unit, which we believe is the most reliable indicator of fair value of a business, and is most consistent with the approach that we would generally expect a market participant would use. In estimating the fair value of our reporting units utilizing a DCF approach, we typically forecast revenue and the resulting cash flows for periods of five to ten years and include an estimated terminal value at the end of the forecasted period. When determining the appropriate forecast period for the DCF approach, we consider the amount of time required before the reporting unit achieves what we consider a normalized, sustainable level of cash flows. The estimation of fair value utilizing a DCF approach includes numerous uncertainties which require significant judgment when making assumptions of expected growth rates and the selection of discount rates, as well as assumptions regarding general economic and business conditions, and the structure that would yield the highest economic value, among other factors. 
 41 

The majority of our goodwill is held in our business in Colombia. During the 2022 annual impairment test, our analysis of the Colombia business indicated an impairment as the carrying value of the business exceeded the estimated fair value. This was primarily the result of reducing our long-term projections of the business as it continued to experience challenging trading and economic conditions as a result of the continuing economic disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent inflationary pressures compounded by the ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia. Accordingly, a non-cash impairment charge of 35.8 was recorded to reduce the carrying amount of goodwill. 
 The key assumptions supporting the impairment analysis for this business were forecast cash flows based on 2023 budgets, a discount rate of 16 and a long-term growth rate of 3 . The forecast cash flows are driven by assumptions around operating margin and are particularly sensitive to the business ability to achieve these over the forecast period. If in isolation, either the forecast operating margin were to decrease by 100 basis points or the discount rate was increased by 200 basis points then fair value would then estimated fair value would be further reduced by approximately 9m and 3m respectively. 

42 

Results Of Operations - Consolidated Years ended December 31 Percentage/Basis Point Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Select Consolidated Financial Information Total revenue 2,769.2 3,404.5 3,625.2 (19) (6) Cost of sales (1,186.2) (1,439.1) (1,588.6) (18) (9) Cost of sales from affiliates of Natura Co 
 (20.4) (22.4) (5.9) SG A expenses (1,705.4) (2,001.4) (2,152.9) (15) (7) Impairment of goodwill (35.8) Operating loss (178.6) (58.4) (122.2) 206 (52) Interest expense (40.3) (63.5) (119.6) (37) (47) Interest expense on Loan from affiliates of Natura Co 
 (93.8) (50.6) (7.5) Loss on extinguishment of debt (15.7) (37.7) Interest income 13.0 0.6 2.1 Interest income on Loan to affiliates of Natura Co 
 3.9 1.6 Gain on sale of business / assets 9.9 1.5 Other income (expense), net (5.8) 1.6 (20.2) Loss from continuing operations, before taxes (317.3) (158.8) (303.6) 100 (48) Loss from continuing operations, net of tax (354.7) (175.0) (337.6) 103 (48) Net loss attributable to Avon (428.1) (192.1) (362.8) 123 (47) Advertising expenses (1) 
 59.1 67.8 59.9 (13) 13 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures Total revenue 2,769.2 3,404.5 3,625.2 (19) (6) Japan royalty (23.7) Certain Brazil indirect taxes 10.0 (21.5) Adjusted revenue 2,755.5 3,383.0 3,625.2 (19) (7) Avon Luxembourg (249.2) (431.8) Adjusted revenue excluding Avon Luxembourg 2,755.5 3,133.8 3,193.4 (12) (2) Gross margin 56.4 57.1 56.0 (70) 110 Japan royalty (.5) (50) Certain Brazil indirect taxes .4 (.3) 70 (30) Adjusted gross margin 56.3 56.8 56.0 (50) 80 Avon Luxembourg .5 .8 (50) (30) Adjusted gross margin excluding Avon Luxembourg 56.3 57.3 56.8 (100) 50 SG A as a of total revenue 
 61.6 58.8 59.4 280 (60) Japan royalty .8 80 Certain Brazil indirect taxes (.7) .3 .3 (100) CTI restructuring (2.4) (2.0) (.7) (40) (130) Costs related to the Transaction (2.4) 240 Adjusted SG A as a of total revenue 
 59.3 57.1 56.6 220 50 Avon Luxembourg 1.2 1.7 (120) (50) Adjusted selling, general and administrative expenses as a of total revenue excluding Avon Luxembourg 
 59.3 58.3 58.3 100 
 43 

Years ended December 31 Percentage/Basis Point Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Operating (loss) profit (178.6) (58.4) (122.2) 206 (52) Japan royalty (23.7) Certain Brazil indirect taxes 13.3 (19.8) (10.6) CTI restructuring 68.6 68.7 23.7 Costs related to the Transaction 85.8 Impairment of goodwill 35.8 Adjusted operating (loss) profit (84.6) (9.5) (23.3) (59) Avon Luxembourg (21.3) (27.6) (23) Adjusted operating (loss) profit excluding Avon Luxembourg (84.6) (30.8) (50.9) 175 (39) Operating margin (6.4) (1.7) (3.4) (470) 170 Japan royalty (.9) (90) Certain Brazil indirect taxes .5 (.6) (.3) 110 (30) CTI restructuring 2.5 2.0 .7 50 130 Costs related to the Transaction 2.4 (240) Impairment of goodwill 1.2 120 Adjusted operating margin (3.1) (.3) (.6) (280) 30 Avon Luxembourg (.7) (1.0) 70 30 Adjusted operating margin excluding Avon Luxembourg (3.1) (1.0) (1.6) (210) 60 Change in Constant Adjusted operating margin (2) 
 (350) 100 (Loss) income before taxes (317.3) (158.8) (303.6) 100 (48) Japan royalty (23.7) Certain Brazil indirect taxes 17.5 (23.6) (10.6) CTI restructuring 68.6 58.8 22.2 Costs related to the Transaction 85.8 Impairment of goodwill 35.8 Loss on extinguishment of debt and credit facilities 
 15.7 37.7 Adjusted (loss) income before taxes (203.4) (123.6) (168.5) 65 (27) Effective tax rate (11.8) (10.2) (11.2) Adjusted effective tax rate (11.8) (9.3) (18.8) Performance Metrics Change in Active Representatives (23) (15) Change in units sold (27) (16) 
 Amounts in the table above may not necessarily sum due to rounding. 
 Calculation not meaningful 
 
 (1) Advertising expenses are recorded in SG A. 
 (2) Change in Constant Adjusted operating margin for all years presented is calculated using the current-year Constant rates. 
 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 Revenue 
 Total revenue decreased 19 compared to the prior-year period, favorably impacted by the recognition of revenue associated with a settlement agreement to resolve a breach of contract dispute in the current year period and the recognition of certain Brazil indirect taxes in the prior-year period and unfavorably impacted by the recognition of certain Brazil indirect taxes in the current year period. 
 44 

Excluding these items, Adjusted revenue decreased 19 unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange variations, primarily driven by the weakening of the U.S. dollar relative to the Brazilian real, offset by the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the Turkish lira, Pound Sterling, Polish zloty, Philippine peso and the Argentinian peso. 
 On a Constant basis, Adjusted revenue decreased 12 year-on-year driven by a 10 decrease in Avon International and a 15 decrease in Avon Latin America, mostly as a result of (i) the sale of Avon Luxembourg on July 1, 2021, (ii) Average Representative Sales increases being more than offset by a 23 decrease in Active Representatives and (iii) the impact of the ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia. During the year ended December 31, 2022, revenues from Ukraine and Russia represented approximately 8 of total revenue compared to approximately 9 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Constant Adjusted revenue excluding the impact of the sale of Avon Luxembourg decreased 6 as increases in Average Representative Sales were more than offset by a 10 decrease in Active Representatives. 
 Units sold decreased 27 (or 13 , excluding the impact of the sale of Avon Luxembourg) driven by decreases in both Avon International and Avon Latin America. 
 See "Segment Review" in this MD A for additional information related to changes in revenue by segment. 
 
 Operating Margin 
 Operating margin decreased 470 basis points compared to the prior-year period. Operating margin was impacted by lower restructuring expenses in the current year period, the recognition of revenue associated with a settlement agreement to resolve a breach of contract dispute in the current year period, the recognition of certain Brazil indirect taxes in both the current and prior-year periods and the impairment of goodwill held in our business in Colombia. 
 Excluding these items, Adjusted operating margin decreased by 280 basis points compared to the same period of 2021, due to the decrease in gross margin and higher SG A as a percentage of total revenue. 
 The movements in operating margin and Adjusted operating margin are discussed further below in "Gross Margin", "Selling, General and Administrative Expenses" and "Impairment of Goodwill". 
 Gross Margin 
 Adjusted gross margin decreased 50 basis points, compared to the same period of 2021, as the favorable impact of price/mix was offset by higher supply chain costs and the unfavorable impact of foreign currency transaction losses. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses ("SG A") 
 SG A as a percentage of total revenue increased by 280 basis points compared to the prior-year period. SG A was impacted by lower restructuring expenses in the current year period, the recognition of revenue associated with a settlement agreement to resolve a breach of contract dispute in the current year period and the recognition of certain Brazil indirect taxes in both the current and prior-year periods. Excluding these items, Adjusted SG A as a percentage of Adjusted revenue increased 220 basis points, compared to the same period of 2021. 
 The increase in Constant Adjusted SG A as a percentage of Adjusted revenue was largely due to the impact of our lower revenue, which resulted in a deleveraging of our fixed expenses. 
 Impairment of Goodwill 
 During the 2022 annual impairment test, our analysis of the Colombia business indicated an impairment as the carrying value of the business exceeded the estimated fair value. This was primarily the result of reducing our long-term projections of the business as it continued to experience challenging trading and economic conditions as a result of the continuing economic disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent inflationary pressures compounded by the ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia. Accordingly, a non-cash impairment charge of 35.8 was recorded to reduce the carrying amount of goodwill. 
 
 Other Expenses 
 Total interest income increased by approximately 15 and total interest expense increased by approximately 20 driven by higher loans from affiliates compared to the prior-year period. 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt of 15.7 in the year ended December 31, 2022 represents the costs associated with the early repayment of the 461.9 aggregate principal of the 5 Notes due in March 2023, in May 2022. 
 Other income (expense), net, of approximately 6 represents a favorable impact of 7 compared to the prior-year period ended December 31, 2021 primarily attributable to higher foreign exchange losses and pension and postretirement plan costs in the current year period. 
 
 Effective Tax Rate 
 45 

The Adjusted effective tax rates and the effective tax rates in 2022 and 2021 continue to be impacted by our inability to recognize additional deferred tax assets in various jurisdictions related to our current-year operating results and were also negatively impacted by the country mix of earnings. In addition, the Adjusted effective tax rates and the effective tax rates in 2022 and 2021 continue to be impacted by withholding taxes associated with certain intercompany payments, including royalties, service charges and dividends, which in the aggregate are relatively consistent each year due to the need to mobilize funds to cover certain costs, such as interest on debt and corporate overhead. 
 The Adjusted effective tax rate and the effective tax rate in 2022 were impacted by an approximate net 7 expense of which approximately 3 was associated with an increase in valuation allowances and approximately 4 of other various taxes associated with changes in tax estimates. The effective tax rate in 2022 was also impacted by CTI restructuring, the Colombia Goodwill impairment and debt extinguishments for which tax benefits cannot currently be claimed as well as additional valuation allowances against deferred tax assets. 
 The Adjusted effective tax rate and the effective tax rate in 2021 were impacted by an approximate net 6 benefit recognized due to a 11 reduction of uncertain tax positions offset with a net charge of approximately 4 associated with an increase in valuation allowances and approximately 1 of other various taxes associated with changes in tax estimates. The effective tax rate in 2021 was also impacted by CTI restructuring for which tax benefits cannot currently be claimed. 
 In prior years, we had previously recorded valuation allowances against certain deferred tax assets associated with the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions. We intend to continue maintaining these valuation allowances on our deferred tax assets until there is sufficient evidence to support the reversal of all or a portion of these allowances. Release of the valuation allowance would result in the recognition of certain deferred tax assets and a decrease to income tax expense for the period the release is recorded. However, the exact timing and amount of any such valuation allowance release is subject to change depending on the level of profitability that we are able to achieve. The Company continuously monitors its operational and capital structure changes, business performance, tax planning actions and tax planning strategies that could potentially allow for the recognition of deferred tax assets which are currently subject to a valuation allowance. There is the possibility that, in the foreseeable future, certain deferred tax assets could be recognized related to improvements in actual and/or expected operating results. 
 Further, the Company continuously assesses available positive and negative evidence to estimate whether sufficient future taxable income will be generated to utilize our existing deferred tax assets that are not subject to a valuation allowance. The Company continuously monitors the performance of entities and assesses the need for any further valuation allowances based on market performance and executability of tax planning actions and opportunities (including corporate restructuring). Should macroeconomic and sociopolitical conditions change, or our business operations not improve, or tax planning actions and opportunities not be implemented, up to approximately 52 of the Company's recognized deferred tax assets could potentially need to be offset with the recording of a valuation allowance in the future. 
 
 Impact of Foreign Currency 
 As compared to the prior-year period, foreign currency in 2022 impacted our consolidated financial results in the form of: 
 foreign currency transaction losses (classified within cost of sales and SG A in our Consolidated Statements of Operations), which had an unfavorable impact to operating profit and Adjusted operating profit of approximately 40, or approximately 100 basis points to both operating margin and Adjusted operating margin; 
 foreign currency translation, which had a favorable impact to operating profit and Adjusted operating profit of approximately 5, or less than 50 basis points on both operating margin and Adjusted operating margin; and 
 foreign exchange net gains, on our working capital (classified within other income (expense), net in our Consolidated Statements of Operations) as compared to gains in the prior year, resulting in a favorable impact of less than 5 before tax on both a reported and Adjusted basis. 
 
 2021 Compared to 2020 
 Revenue 
 Total revenue decreased 6 compared to the prior-year period, impacted by certain indirect taxes recognized in Brazil. Excluding these items, Adjusted revenue was down 7 , with the impact of foreign exchange being broadly neutral as the weakening of the U.S. dollar relative to the South African rand, the British pound and the Mexican peso was offset by the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the Turkish lira and the Brazilian real. 
 On a Constant basis, Adjusted revenue decreased 6 year on year driven by a 4 decrease in Avon International and a 9 decrease in Avon Latin America, mostly driven by changes in the severity of COVID-19 restrictions in many markets and the sale of Avon Luxembourg on July 1, 2021. Revenue and Constant Adjusted revenue were impacted by a 10 increase in Average Representative Sales offset by a decrease in Active Representatives of 15 in multiple markets and across both Avon 
 46 

International and Avon Latin America and also impacted by a reduction in the frequency of campaign cycles as part of our strategy to simplify our business. 
 Constant Adjusted revenue excluding the impact of the sale of Avon Luxembourg decreased by 1 as a 15 increase in Average Representative Sales was offset by an 15 decrease in Active Representatives. 
 Units sold decreased 16 or decreased 13 excluding the impact of the sale of Avon Luxembourg driven by decreases in both Avon International and Avon Latin America. 
 See "Segment Review" in this MD A for additional information related to changes in revenue by segment. 
 
 Operating Margin 
 Operating margin increased 170 basis points, significantly benefiting from costs related to the Natura transaction in the prior-year period and an increase in receipts of certain Brazil indirect taxes in the current year, partially offset by increased restructuring expenses in the current year. Excluding these items, Adjusted operating margin increased 30 basis points compared to the prior-year period. The impact of foreign exchange on Adjusted operating margin was broadly neutral and Constant Adjusted Operating Margin improved slightly mostly driven by the increase in gross margin. The movements in operating margin and Adjusted operating margin are discussed further below in "Gross Margin" and "Selling, General and Administrative Expenses". 
 Gross Margin 
 Adjusted gross margin increased 80 basis points compared to the same period of 2020 as the positive impact of price/mix more than offset unfavorable impact of foreign currency movements and higher supply chain costs. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses ("SG A") 
 SG A as a percentage of total revenue decreased 60 basis points, significantly impacted by costs related to the Natura transaction in the prior year period. This benefit was partially offset by increased restructuring expenses in the current year. Excluding these items, Adjusted SG A as a percentage of Adjusted revenue increased 50 basis points, compared to the same period of 2020, as lower bad debt and sales leader and field investments were offset by higher advertising expenses and the impact of lower revenues, which resulted in a deleveraging of our fixed expenses. 
 
 Other Expenses 
 Interest expense decreased by approximately 13 and interest income remained relatively unchanged compared to 2020. 
 Other income, net, of 2 increased by approximately 22 compared to other expense, net of 20 in the prior-year period, primarily attributable to lower foreign exchange losses and lower pension and postretirement plan costs in the current year period. 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt and credit facilities was nil in 2021 compared to approximately 38 in 2020, as we did not redeem, repurchase or terminate debt in 2021 while in 2020 we redeemed the remaining principal amounts of our 2016 Notes due August 15, 2022 and our 2019 Notes due August 15, 2022 in November 2020, repurchased a portion of our 6.95 Notes due March 15, 2043 in September 2020, and terminated our 2019 revolving credit facility in January 2020. 
 Gain on sale of business/assets in 2021 of 10 related primarily to the sale of our Spanish distribution center in September 2021. Gain on sale of business/assets in 2020 of 2 related primarily to the sale of the China Wellness Plant in August 2020. Refer to Note 3, Discontinued Operations and Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale, to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained herein, for more information relating to these disposals. 
 
 Effective Tax Rate 
 The Adjusted effective tax rates and the effective tax rates in 2021 and 2020 continue to be impacted by our inability to recognize additional deferred tax assets in various jurisdictions related to our current-year operating results and were also negatively impacted by the country mix of earnings. In addition, the Adjusted effective tax rates and the effective tax rates in 2021 and 2020 continue to be impacted by withholding taxes associated with certain intercompany payments, including royalties, service charges and dividends, which in the aggregate are relatively consistent each year due to the need to mobilize funds to cover certain costs, such as interest on debt and corporate overhead. 
 The Adjusted effective tax rate and the effective tax rate in 2021 were impacted by an approximate net 6 benefit recognized due to a 11 reduction of uncertain tax positions offset with a net charge of approximately 4 associated with an increase in valuation allowances and approximately 1 of other various taxes associated with changes in tax estimates. The effective tax rate in 2021 was also impacted by CTI restructuring for which tax benefits cannot currently be claimed in all affected jurisdictions. 
 47 

The Adjusted effective tax rate and the effective tax rate in 2020 were impacted by an approximate net 3 benefit recognized due to a 13 reduction of uncertain tax positions offset with a net charge of approximately 4 associated with an increase in valuation allowances and approximately 6 of other various taxes associated with changes in tax estimates. The effective tax rate in 2020 was also impacted by CTI restructuring and debt extinguishments for which tax benefits cannot currently be claimed in all affected jurisdictions. 
 
 Impact of Foreign Currency 
 As compared to the prior-year period, foreign currency in 2021 impacted our consolidated financial results in the form of: 
 foreign currency transaction losses (classified within cost of sales and SG A in our Consolidated Statements of Operations), which had an unfavorable impact to operating profit and Adjusted operating profit of approximately 25, or approximately 50 basis points to both operating margin and Adjusted operating margin; 
 foreign currency translation, which had an unfavorable impact to operating profit and Adjusted operating profit of approximately 5, or less than 50 basis points on both operating margin and Adjusted operating margin; and 
 foreign exchange net gains, on our working capital (classified within other income (expense), net in our Consolidated Statements of Operations) as compared to losses in the prior year, resulting in a favorable impact of approximately 5 before tax on both a reported and Adjusted basis. 

Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 Other comprehensive income, net of taxes was approximately 33 in 2022 compared with other comprehensive income of approximately 50 in 2021. The year-over-year comparison was favorably impacted by foreign currency translation gains of 60, compared to losses of 1 in the prior year and by unrealized losses on the revaluation of long-term intercompany balances of 17 compared to losses of 21 in the prior year, which relate to certain intercompany loans of a long term nature for which foreign currency transaction gains and losses are accounted for as translation adjustments in equity. These were offset by actuarial losses of approximately 16, compared to gains of approximately 67 in the prior year. 
 Other comprehensive income, net of taxes was approximately 50 in 2021 compared with other comprehensive loss of approximately 94 in 2020. The year-over-year comparison was favorably impacted by a small foreign currency translation loss, compared to losses of 163 in the prior year. In addition there were actuarial gains of approximately 67, compared to losses of approximately 7 in the prior year. This was partially offset by the unfavorable impact of unrealized losses on the revaluation of long-term intercompany balances of 21 compared to gains of 68 in the prior year. These impacts relate to certain intercompany loans of a long term nature for which foreign currency transaction gains and losses are accounted for as translation adjustments in equity. 
 
 Segment Review 
 The Company has updated its reportable segments to align with how the business is operated and managed since the merger 
 with Natura, we have identified two reportable segments based on geographic operations: Avon International and Avon Latin 
 America. 
 We determine segment profit by deducting the related costs and expenses from segment revenue. Segment profit excludes certain global expenses, CTI restructuring initiatives, certain significant asset impairment charges, and other items, which are not allocated to a particular segment. This is consistent with the manner in which we assess our performance and allocate resources. See Note 14, Segment Information, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for a reconciliation of segment profit to operating profit. 
 Summarized financial information concerning our reportable segments was as follows: 
 Years ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Total revenue Segment profit Total revenue Segment profit Total revenue Segment profit Avon International 1,415.9 60.4 1,724.6 49.9 1,772.6 27.4 Avon Latin America 1,331.6 (111.4) 1,654.7 (10.9) 1,845.9 (39.1) Total from reportable segments 2,747.5 (51.0) 3,379.3 39.0 3,618.5 (11.7) 
 Below is an analysis of the key factors affecting revenue and segment profit by reportable segment for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022. Foreign currency impact is determined as the difference between actual growth rates and Constant growth rates. Refer to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" in this MD A for more information. 
 48 

Avon International 2022 Compared to 2021 
 /Point Change 2022 2021 US Constant Total revenue 1,415.9 1,724.6 (18) (8) Settlement agreement (23.7) Adjusted revenue 1,392.2 1,724.6 (19) (10) Segment profit 60.4 49.9 21 25 Settlement agreement (23.7) Adjusted segment profit 36.7 49.9 (26) (33) Segment margin 4.3 2.9 140 100 Settlement agreement (1.7) Adjusted segment margin 2.6 2.9 (30) (70) Change in Active Representatives (19) Change in units sold (20) 
 Amounts in the table above may not necessarily sum due to rounding. 
 Total revenue decreased 18 compared to the prior-year period, favorably impacted by the recognition of revenue associated with a settlement agreement to resolve a breach of contract dispute in the current year period. Excluding this item, Adjusted revenue decreased 19 unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange variations, primarily driven by the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the Turkish lira, Pound Sterling, Polish zloty and the Philippine peso. 
 On a Constant basis, Adjusted revenue decreased 10 driven by an increase in Average Representative Sales which was more than offset by a 19 decrease in Active Representatives across most markets in Europe, Middle East and Africa and Asia Pacific. The decrease in Revenue and Constant revenue was also due, in part, to the ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia, which affected revenues in this region. 
 Segment margin increased 140 basis points, or decreased 70 basis points on a Constant Adjusted segment margin basis as the decrease in the Constant Adjusted gross margin was partially offset by the lower Constant Adjusted SG A as a percentage of total revenue. 
 Constant Adjusted gross margin declined as the favorable impact of price/mix was offset by higher supply chain costs and the unfavorable impact of foreign currency transaction losses. 
 The decrease in Constant Adjusted SG A as a percentage of Adjusted revenue was due to cost saving programs including Headcount reductions as well as lower sales leader and field investments as investments made during the prior-year period to support our Representatives in response to the COVID-19 pandemic were discontinued in the current year. 
 Avon International 2021 Compared to 2020 
 /Point Change 2021 2020 US Constant Total revenue 1,724.6 1,772.6 (3) (4) Segment profit 49.9 27.4 82 131 Segment margin 2.9 1.5 140 200 Change in Active Representatives (15) Change in units sold (10) 
 Amounts in the table above may not necessarily sum due to rounding. 
 Total revenue decreased 3 compared to the prior-year period, including the favorable impact of foreign exchange which was primarily driven by the weakening of the U.S. dollar relative to the South African rand and the British pound, partially offset by the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the Turkish lira. On a Constant basis, revenue decreased 4 driven by an increase in Average Representative Sales which was more than offset by a 15 decrease in Active Representatives. 
 The decrease in Revenue and Constant revenue was mostly driven by changes in COVID-19 restrictions in many markets compared to the same period in the prior year, with some markets remaining materially impacted by COVID-19 restrictions and yet to show signs of recovery. 
 49 

The contribution of Active Representatives and Average Representative Sales into total revenue was also impacted by a reduction in the frequency of campaign cycles as part of our strategy to simplify our business, with all markets now on a monthly campaign cycle. 
 Segment margin increased 140 basis points, or 200 on a Constant basis, driven by the combination of an increase in the Constant Adjusted gross margin and lower SG A as a percentage of total revenue. 
 Constant Adjusted gross margin increased as the positive impact of price/mix offset the impact of higher supply chain costs. 
 The decrease in Constant Adjusted SG A as a percentage of Adjusted revenue was largely due to decreases in bad debts. 
 
 Avon Latin America 2022 Compared to 2021 /Point Change 2022 2021 US Constant Total revenue 1,331.6 1,654.7 (20) (17) Certain Brazil indirect taxes benefit 10.0 (21.5) Adjusted revenue 1,341.6 1,633.2 (18) (15) Avon Luxembourg (249.2) Adjusted revenue excluding Avon Luxembourg 1,341.6 1,384.0 (3) Segment profit (111.4) (10.9) Certain Brazil indirect taxes benefit 13.3 (21.5) Adjusted segment profit (98.1) (32.4) 203 163 0 Avon Luxembourg (21.4) Adjusted profit excluding Avon Luxembourg (98.1) (53.8) 82 55 Segment margin (8.4) (0.7) (770) (620) Certain Brazil indirect taxes benefit (1.1) 1.3 Adjusted segment margin (7.3) (2.0) (530) (390) Avon Luxembourg (1.9) Adjusted segment margin excluding Avon Luxembourg (7.3) (3.9) (340) (210) Change in Active Representatives (25) Change in units sold (32) 
 Amounts in the table above may not necessarily sum due to rounding. 
 Total revenue decreased 20 compared to the prior-year period, favorably impacted by the recognition of certain Brazil indirect taxes in the prior-year period and unfavorably impacted by the recognition of certain Brazil indirect taxes in the current year period. Excluding these items, Adjusted revenue decreased 18 unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange variations primarily driven by the weakening of the U.S. dollar relative to the Brazilian real, offset by the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the Argentinian peso. 
 On a Constant basis, Adjusted revenue decreased 15 which includes the impact from the sale of Avon Luxembourg, including our Mexican business, on July 1, 2021. Constant Adjusted revenue excluding the impact of the sale of Avon Luxembourg was 0 , as increases in Average Representative Sales were offset by a 25 decrease in Active Representatives. 
 Revenue in Brazil decreased 6 compared to the prior-year period, unfavorably impacted by the recognition of certain Brazil indirect taxes in both the current and prior-year periods. Excluding this item, Adjusted revenue decreased 1 favorably impacted by foreign exchange. On an Adjusted Constant basis, revenue decreased 6 , primarily driven by stable in Active Representatives and changes in macro-economic conditions. 
 Segment margin decreased 770 basis points, or a 390 basis points decrease on a Constant Adjusted segment margin basis, driven by the combination of a decrease in the Constant Adjusted gross margin and higher SG A as a percentage of total revenue. 
 Constant Adjusted gross margin declined as the favorable impact of price/mix was offset by higher supply chain costs and the unfavorable impact of foreign currency transaction losses. 
 The increase in Constant Adjusted SG A as a percentage of Adjusted revenue was largely due to the impact of revenue decline, causing a deleveraging of our fixed expenses. 
 50 

Avon Latin America 2021 Compared to 2020 
 /Point Change 2021 2020 US Constant Total revenue 1,654.7 1,845.9 (10) (8) Certain Brazil indirect taxes (21.5) Adjusted revenue 1,633.2 1,845.9 (12) (9) Avon Luxembourg (249.2) (431.8) Adjusted revenue excluding Avon Luxembourg 1,384.0 1,414.1 (2) 2 Segment profit (10.9) (39.1) (72) (45) Certain Brazil indirect taxes (21.5) Adjusted segment profit (32.4) (39.1) (17) 3 Avon Luxembourg (21.4) (27.7) Adjusted profit excluding Avon Luxembourg (53.8) (66.8) (19) (13) Segment margin (.7) (2.1) 140 30 Certain Brazil indirect taxes 1.3 Adjusted segment margin (2.0) (2.1) 10 (20) Avon Luxembourg (1.9) (2.6) Adjusted segment margin excluding Avon Luxembourg (3.9) (4.7) 80 60 Change in Active Representatives (16) Change in units sold (20) 
 Amounts in the table above may not necessarily sum due to rounding. 
 Total revenue decreased 10 compared to the prior-year period, favorably impacted by the recognition of certain Brazil indirect taxes in the current year. Excluding these items, Adjusted revenue for the region was down 12 , unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange, which was driven by the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to multiple currencies, primarily the Brazilian real and the Argentinian peso, partially offset by the weakening of the U.S. dollar relative to the Mexican peso. On a Constant basis, Adjusted revenue declined 9 which includes the impact from the sale of Avon Luxembourg, including our Mexican business, on July 1, 2021. Constant Adjusted revenue excluding the impact of the sale of Avon Luxembourg increased 2 primarily driven by an increase in Average Representative Sales. 
 Revenue in Brazil decreased 14 compared to the prior year period, despite the favorable impact of the recognition of certain Brazil indirect taxes in the current year. Excluding these items, Adjusted revenue decreased 17 unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange. On an Adjusted Constant basis, revenue decreased 13 primarily driven by decrease in Active Representatives, the COVID-19 second wave and changes in macro-economic conditions. 
 Segment margin increased 140 basis points, or a 20 basis points decrease on a Constant Adjusted segment margin basis, driven by the combination of an increase in the Constant Adjusted gross margin and higher SG A as a percentage of total revenue. 
 Constant Adjusted gross margin increased slightly as the positive impact of price/mix and the favorable impact of foreign currency movements were offset by the impact of higher supply chain costs. 
 The increase in Constant Adjusted SG A as a percentage of Adjusted revenue was largely due to the impact of revenue decline, causing a deleveraging of our fixed expenses, as well as increases in bad debts and advertising expenses, primarily in Brazil. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our principal sources of funds historically have been cash flows from operations, public offerings of notes, bank financings, issuance of commercial paper, borrowings under lines of credit and private placement of notes. Furthermore, since January 3, 2020, we are part of the Natura Co group of companies which gives us access to intercompany funding. The Company has received an irrevocable commitment from Natura Co Holding that it will provide sufficient financial support if and when needed to enable the Company to meet its obligations as they come due in the normal course of business for a period o f not less than 12 months from the date issuance of the Consolidated Financial Statements contained herein. 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 51 

The Company has cash and cash equivalents of 367.6 at December 31, 2022. 
 In November 2022, the Company s subsidiary, Avon Cosmetics Limited entered into a two-year committed intercompany multi-currency revolving credit facility with Natura Co Luxembourg Holdings S. r.l, a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding and an affiliate of the Company Natura Co Luxembourg ), in the amount of 300, of which 226 was drawn down at December 31, 2022. Borrowings under this facility will be used to reduce short-term financing from third-party banks and will bear interest at a rate per annum of 3 plus applicable currency benchmark rate. 
 Refinancing and the subsequent repurchase of Unsecured Notes 
 In May 2022, Avon Products, Inc. and Avon Cosmetics Limited entered into promissory notes with Natura Co UK Holding plc ("Natura UK"), a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding, in the amount of 405 and 215 respectively. These promissory notes bear interest at a rate per annum of 6.71 and mature on May 17, 2029. In addition, in June 2022, Avon Cosmetics Limited entered into an additional promissory note with Natura Co Luxembourg in the amount of 115. This promissory note bears interest at a rate per annum of 6.51 and matures on June 28, 2029. 
 In May 2022, we redeemed in full and repurchased 461.9 of our 5 Notes due March 15, 2023 (the "2023 Notes"). The aggregate repurchase price was equal to the principal amount of the 2023 Notes, plus a premium of 15.0 and accrued interest of 5.4. In connection with the repurchase, we incurred a loss on extinguishment of debt of 15.7 before tax in the quarter ended June 30, 2022 consisting of the 15.0 premium paid for the repurchase and .7 for the write-off of debt issuance costs and discounts related to the initial issuance of the 2023 Notes that were repurchased. 
 In June 2022, the 210 outstanding under the Promissory Note with a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding and an affiliate of the Company, maturing in November 2022, was repaid in full. 
 Short term commitments 
 At December 31, 2022, our debt and other financing maturing within one year of include 537 of intercompany loans between affiliates of Natura Co Holding and Avon Products, Inc. affiliates, including 226 drawn down under a 300 committed intercompany multi-currency revolving credit facility from an affiliate of Natura Co Holding expiring in November 2024. 
 In addition, our short term contractual financial obligations and commitments include approximately 102 relating to purchase obligations and approximately 39 relating to operating lease repayments. We also expect to make contributions in the range of 5 to 10 to our defined benefit pension and postretirement plans. These commitments and repayments are expected to be fulfilled through a combination of operating cash flows and where necessary, further financial support from Natura Co Holding (see going concern below). 
 Long-term commitments 
 At December 31, 2022, our long-term debt and other financing include 692 of loans from affiliates of Natura Co Holding due in 2028, 735 of loans from affiliates of Natura Co Holding due in 2029 and 216 of Notes due in March 2043. In addition, our long-term contractual financial obligations and commitments include operating lease payments of approximately 87 and purchase obligations of approximately 122. These commitments and repayments are expected to be fulfilled through a combination of operating cash flows and where necessary, further financial support from Natura Co Holding (see going concern below). 
 Off balance sheet arrangements 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company has a issued a number of guarantees totaling 181 that it could be required to make in the event of adverse judgments in a number of lawsuits in Brazil. See Note 17, Contingencies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for more information. The company has no other material off balance sheet arrangements at December 31, 2022. 
 Going concern 
 Considering the uncertain nature of any possible future COVID-19 impacts which are beyond the Company s control and the ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia, we expect these factors to continue to adversely affect our operations, which could in turn result in lower revenues and lower cash generation from activities. If these impacts are deeper or for longer than we anticipate, the Company could take certain further actions to ease the pressure of certain cash outflows, such as reducing discretionary expenditure, selling non-core assets, accessing government pandemic initiatives or arranging borrowing facilities with third-party banks and affiliate companies. 
 The Company has received an irrevocable commitment from Natura Co Holding that it will provide sufficient financial support if and when needed to enable the Company to meet its obligations as they come due in the normal course of business. This commitment is effective through to March 31, 2024, a period of more than 12 months from the date of issuance of the Consolidated Financial Statements. See Note 7, Debt and Other Financing, and Note 15, Leases and Commitments, 
 52 

respectively, for information on our debt and contractual financial obligations and commitments, including the loans from Natura Co and its affiliates maturing within one year. 
 Other liquidity matters 
 We may seek to retire our outstanding debt in open market purchases, through existing call mechanisms, privately negotiated transactions, through derivative instruments, cash tender offers or otherwise. Repurchases of debt may be funded by cash or the incurrence of additional debt and will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors, and the amounts involved may be material. We may also elect to incur additional debt to finance ongoing operations or to meet our other liquidity needs. However, our credit ratings remain below investment grade which may impact our ability to access such transactions on favorable terms, if at all. For more information, see "Risk Factors - Our credit ratings are below investment grade, which could limit our access to financing, affect the market price of our financing and increase financing costs. A downgrade in our credit ratings may adversely affect our access to liquidity," and "Risk Factors - A general economic downturn, a recession globally or in one or more of our geographic regions or markets or sudden disruption in business conditions or other challenges may adversely affect our business, our access to liquidity and capital, and our credit ratings" included in Item 1A. 
 Our liquidity could also be negatively impacted by restructuring initiatives, dividends, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and certain contingencies, including any legal or regulatory settlements, described more fully in Note 17, Contingencies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. See our Cautionary Statement for purposes of the "Safe Harbor" Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 on pages 1 through 2. 
 
 Balance Sheet Data 2022 2021 Cash and cash equivalents 367.6 251.5 Restricted cash 0.3 Total debt 2,184.9 1,816.6 Working capital 161.1 66.2 
 Cash Flows 2022 2021 2020 Net cash (used) provided by continuing operating activities (163.1) (260.4) (270.1) Net cash (used) provided by continuing investing activities (38.8) (48.1) (20.5) Net cash from continuing financing activities 342.6 222.6 39.1 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and equivalents 2.4 (22.0) (19.5) 
 Net Cash from Continuing Operating Activities 
 Net cash used by continuing operating activities during 2022 was approximately 163 as compared to net cash used by continuing operating activities of approximately 260 during 2021, a decreased cash outflow of approximately 97. The decrease in net cash used by operating activities was primarily driven by a reduction in inventory and increased payables offset by increased losses in 2022. 
 Net cash used by continuing operating activities during 2021 was approximately 260 as compared to net cash used by continuing operating activities of approximately 270 during 2020, a decreased cash outflow of approximately 10. The decrease in net cash used by operating activities was primarily due to lower cash losses in 2021 impacted by one-time costs linked to the acquisition by Natura Co Holding in 2020, this was partially offset by a decrease in debt related costs in 2021. 
 We maintain defined benefit pension plans and unfunded supplemental pension benefit plans (see Note 13, Employee Benefit Plans, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein). Our funding policy for pension plans is to meet the minimum required contributions under applicable law and accumulate plan assets that, over the long run, are expected to approximate the present value of projected benefit obligations. The amounts necessary to fund future obligations under these plans could vary depending on estimated assumptions (as detailed in "Critical Accounting Estimates - Pension and Postretirement Expense" in this MD A). The future funding for these plans will depend on economic conditions, employee demographics, mortality rates, the number of associates electing to take lump-sum distributions, investment performance and funding decisions. Based on current assumptions, we expect to make contributions in the range of 5 to 10 to fund our global defined benefit pension and postretirement plans during 2023. 
 Net Cash from Continuing Investing Activities 
 53 

Net cash used by continuing investing activities during 2022 was approximately 39, as compared to net cash used by continuing investing activities of approximately 48 during 2021. The approximate 9 decrease to net cash used in investing activities was primarily due to net proceeds of 17 received in 2021 in relation to the sale of our Spanish distribution center, partially offset by reduced capital expenditure in the current year compared to the prior year. 
 Net cash used by continuing investing activities during 2021 was approximately 48, as compared to net cash used by continuing investing activities of approximately 21 during 2020. The approximate 27 increase to net cash used in investing activities was driven by higher capital expenditures in the current year compared to the prior year. During 2021, net proceeds of 17 were received in relation primarily to the sale of the Spanish distribution center during the third quarter of 2021. 
 Net Cash from Continuing Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by continuing financing activities during 2022 was approximately 343, as compared to net cash provided by financing activities of 223 in 2021. The approximate 120 increase in cash provided by continuing financial activities is primarily due to the favorable increase in proceeds from debt, partially offset by the adverse increase in repayment of debt in the current year compared to the prior year. During 2022, the proceeds from debt issued consisted primarily of loans from affiliates of Natura Co. Note 7, Debt and Other Financing, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for more information on these items. 
 Net cash provided by continuing financing activities during 2021 was approximately 223, as compared to net cash provided by financing activities of 39 in 2020. The approximate 184 increase in cash provided by continuing financial activities is primarily due to the favorable decrease in repayment of debt, partially offset by the adverse decrease in proceeds from debt in the current year compared to the prior year. During 2021, the proceeds from debt issued consisted primarily of loans from affiliates of Natura Co. Note 7, Debt and Other Financing, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for more information on these items. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 (U.S. dollars in millions, except per share data) 
 The overall objective of our financial risk management program is to reduce the potential negative effects from changes in foreign exchange and interest rates arising from our business activities. We may reduce our exposure to fluctuations in fair value or cash flows associated with changes in interest rates and foreign exchange rates by creating offsetting positions through the use of derivative financial instruments and through operational means. Since we may use foreign currency rate-sensitive instruments to hedge a portion of our existing and forecasted transactions, we expect that any loss in value for the hedge instruments generally would be offset by changes in the value of the underlying transactions. 
 We do not enter into derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes, nor are we a party to leveraged derivatives. The master agreements governing our derivative contracts generally contain standard provisions that could trigger early termination of the contracts in some circumstances. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Approximately 3 and 5 of our debt portfolio at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, was exposed to floating interest rates. 
 Our long-term borrowings at year-end were all at fixed rates of interest and are therefore not sensitive to interest rate changes. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 We conduct business globally, with operations in various locations around the world. Over the past six years, all of our consolidated revenue was derived from operations of subsidiaries outside of the U.S.. The functional currency for most of our foreign operations is their local currency. We are exposed to changes in financial market conditions in the normal course of our operations, primarily due to international businesses and transactions denominated in foreign currencies and the use of various financial instruments. We are not able to project, in any meaningful way, the possible effect of these foreign currency fluctuations on translated amounts or future earnings. At December 31, 2022, the primary foreign currencies for which we had net underlying foreign currency exchange rate exposures were the Argentine peso, Brazilian real, British pound, Chilean peso, Colombian peso, the euro, Peruvian new sol, Philippine peso, Polish zloty, Romanian leu, Russian ruble, South African rand, Turkish lira and Ukrainian hryvnia. 
 We may reduce our exposure to fluctuations in fair value or cash flows associated with changes in foreign exchange rates by creating offsetting positions, including through the use of derivative financial instruments. Our hedges of our foreign currency exposure are not designed to, and, therefore, cannot entirely eliminate the effect of changes in foreign exchange rates on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 54 

Our foreign-currency financial instruments were analyzed at year-end to determine their sensitivity to foreign exchange rate changes. Based on our foreign exchange contracts at December 31, 2022, all of which were taken out to hedge underlying foreign currency exposures, a hypothetical 10 appreciation of the U.S. dollar against our foreign exchange contracts would reduce earnings by 17 and a hypothetical 10 depreciation of the U.S. dollar against our foreign exchange contracts would increase earnings by 17. This hypothetical analysis does not consider our underlying foreign currency exposures. The hypothetical impact was calculated on the open positions using forward rates at December 31, 2022, adjusted for an assumed 10 appreciation or 10 depreciation of the U.S. dollar against these hedging contracts. 
 Credit Risk of Financial Instruments 
 Our foreign currency derivatives are typically comprised of over-the-counter forward contracts, swaps or options with major international financial institutions. Although our theoretical credit risk is the replacement cost at the then estimated fair value of these instruments, we believe that the risk of incurring credit risk losses is remote and that such losses, if any, would not be material. 
 Non-performance of the counterparties on the balance of all the foreign exchange agreements would not have resulted in any write-off at December 31, 2022. In addition, in the event of non-performance by such counterparties, we would be exposed to market risk on the underlying items being hedged as a result of changes in foreign exchange rates. 
 See Note 10, Financial Instruments and Risk Management to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for more information. 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Reference is made to the Index on page F-1 of our Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto contained herein. 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, our principal executive and principal financial officers carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information relating to Avon (including our consolidated subsidiaries) required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the U.S. and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and to ensure that information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to management to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management was required to apply its judgment in evaluating and implementing possible controls and procedures. 
 Based upon their evaluation, the principal executive and principal financial officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022, at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is defined as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 
 55 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process, and it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, we assessed as of December 31, 2022, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. This assessment was based on criteria established in the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on our assessment using those criteria, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, was effective. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management has evaluated, with the participation of our principal executive and principal financial officers, whether any changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Based on the evaluation we conducted, our management has concluded that no such changes have occurred. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 

56 

PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information called for by this item has been omitted pursuant to General Instruction I(2)(c) of Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information called for by this item has been omitted pursuant to General Instruction I(2)(c) of Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information called for by this item has been omitted pursuant to General Instruction I(2)(c) of Form 10-K 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information called for by this item has been omitted pursuant to General Instruction I(2)(c) of Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees 
 
 The Company's principal accountant for 2022 and 2021 was PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, United Kingdom ("PwC-UK"). The following table sets forth the aggregate fees for professional services rendered for us by PwC, as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 2022 2021 Audit Fees 6.5 7.2 Audit-Related Fees Tax Fees All Other Fees Total 6.5 7.2 
 Audit Fees. These amounts represent the aggregate fees for professional services rendered by PwC for the audit of our annual financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the review of the financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for those years, and services related to statutory and regulatory filings and engagements for such years. 
 Audit-Related Fees. These amounts represent the aggregate fees for assurance and related services performed by PwC that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements. In 2022 and 2021, audit-related fees were de minimis. 
 Tax Fees. In 2022 and 2021, tax-related fees were de minimis. 
 All Other Fees. These amounts represent the aggregate fees for other services rendered by PwC not included in any of the foregoing categories. In 2022, all other fees were de minimis. 
 Audit and Non-Audit Services Pre-Approval Policy 
 Since the merger of Avon into Natura Co, in January 2020, Avon no longer maintains an Audit Committee and decisions related to the Company s independent auditor are taken by Natura Co in compliance with paragraph (c) (7)(i) of Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X. Prior to the merger of Avon into Natura Co, the Company's Audit Committee had historically established a policy for the pre-approval of all audit and non-audit services by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and its worldwide affiliates ("PwC"), and the corresponding fees. 
 The current Natura Co policy, and the former Avon Audit Committee policy, was established to (i) strictly disallow any service that would be a prohibited service; (ii) allow audit, audit-related, and tax services only if the particular type of service is on the list of types of services that has been pre-approved by the Audit Committee, specific procedures are followed to ensure appropriate management assessment of such service, the proposed fee is within the overall limit set by the Audit Committee for that category of service, and the Audit Committee is informed on a timely basis of each such service; and (iii) allow other services not within any of the foregoing categories only if each such service and the corresponding fee is approved in advance 
 57 

by the Audit Committee or by one or more members of the Audit Committee with subsequent approval by the Audit Committee. All services provided by PwC during 2022 and 2021 have been reviewed, and the amount of fees paid to PwC for such services and concluded that the provision of services by PwC is compatible with the maintenance of their independence. 
 58 

PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 
 (a) 1. Consolidated Financial Statements and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 See Index on page F-1. 
 (a) 2. Financial Statement Schedule 
 See Index on page F-1. 
 All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or because the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements and notes. 
 (a) 3. Index to Exhibits 
 Exhibit Number Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Mergers, dated as of May 22, 2019, among Avon Products, Inc., Natura Cosm ticos S.A., Nectarine Merger Sub I, Inc., Nectarine Merger Sub II, Inc. and Natura Holding S.A (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Avon's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 24, 2019). 
 2.2 Amendment Number One, dated as of October 3, 2019, to the Agreement and Plan of Mergers, dated as of May 22, 2019, among Avon Products, Inc., Natura Cosm ticos S.A., Nectarine Merger Sub I, Inc., Nectarine Merger Sub II, Inc. and Natura Co Holding S.A (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Avon's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2019). 
 2.3 Amendment Number Two, dated as of November 5, 2019, to the Agreement and Plan of Mergers, dated as of May 22, 2019, among Avon Products, Inc., Natura Cosm ticos S.A., Nectarine Merger Sub I, Inc., Nectarine Merger Sub II, Inc. and Natura Co Holding S.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 5, 2019). 
 2.4 Separation and Investment Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2015, by and among Avon Products, Inc., C-A NA LLC and Cleveland NA Investors LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Avon s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2015). 
 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Avon Products, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Avon's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2020). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Avon Products, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Avon's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2020). 
 4.1 Indenture, dated as of February 27, 2008, between Avon Products, Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Avon s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 4, 2008). 
 4.2 Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 12, 2013, between Avon Products, Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee, with respect to the issuance of the 6.950 Notes due 2043 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Avon s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 13, 2013). 
 4.3 Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated October 2, 2019, between Avon Products, Inc., as Issuer, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Avon's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 2, 2019). 
 4.4 Promissory Note dated as of May 17, 2022 between Avon Products, Inc. and Natura Co UK Holdings Plc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Avon s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 23, 2022). 
 4.5 Promissory Note dated as of May 17, 2022 between Avon Cosmetics Limited and Natura Co UK Holdings Plc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Avon s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 23, 2022). 
 
 59 

4.6 Promissory Note dated as of June 29, 2022 between Avon Cosmetics Limited and Natura Co Luxembourg Holdings S. .r.l. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Avon s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 1, 2022). 
 10.1 Equity Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 8, 2019, by and among TheFaceShop Co., Ltd., Avon Asia Holdings Company and Avon Products (China) Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Avon's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019). 
 10.2 Avon Products, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated as of May 16, 2019) (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to Avon's Proxy Statement as filed on April 2, 2019). 
 10.3 Form of Performance Contingent Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Avon Products, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated as of May 16, 2019) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Avon's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019). 
 10.4 Form of Retention Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Avon Products, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated as of May 16, 2019) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Avon's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019). 
 10.5 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Avon Products, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated as of May 16, 2019) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Avon's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019). 
 10.6 Form of Stock Appreciation Right Certificate Agreement under the Avon Products, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated as of May 16, 2019) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Avon's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019). 
 10.7 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under the Avon Products, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated as of May 16, 2019) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Avon's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019). 
 10.8 Avon Products, Inc. 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix E to Avon s Proxy Statement as filed on March 25, 2010). 
 10.9 First Amendment to the Avon Products, Inc. 2010 Stock Incentive Plan, dated March 1, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Avon's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016). 
 10.10 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under the Avon Products, Inc. 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Avon s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 24, 2010). 
 10.11 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Avon Products, Inc. 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Avon s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 24, 2010). 
 10.12 Form of Retention Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Avon Products, Inc. 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Avon s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 24, 2010). 
 10.13 Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Avon Products, Inc. 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Avon s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 8, 2011). 
 10.14 Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Avon Products, Inc. 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Avon's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011). 
 10.15 Form of Retention Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Avon Products, Inc. 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Avon s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 8, 2011). 
 10.16 Form of Retention Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Avon Products, Inc. 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Avon's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012). 
 
 60 

10.17 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Avon Products, Inc. 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Avon's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012). 
 10.18 Avon Products, Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to Avon s Proxy Statement as filed on April 2, 2013). 
 10.19 Avon Products, Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to Avon s Proxy Statement as filed on March 27, 2015). 
 10.20 First Amendment to the Avon Products, Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, dated March 1, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Avon's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016). 
 10.21 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Avon Products, Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Avon s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 7, 2013). 
 10.22 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Avon Products, Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Avon s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015). 
 10.23 Form of Retention Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Avon Products, Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Avon s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 7, 2013). 
 10.24 Form of Retention Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Avon Products, Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Avon s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015). 
 10.25 Form of Performance Contingent Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Avon Products, Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Avon s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 7, 2013). 
 10.26 Form of Performance Contingent Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Avon Products, Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Avon s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015). 
 10.27 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under the Avon Products, Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Avon's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016). 
 10.28 Avon Products, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix B to Avon's Proxy Statement as filed on April 15, 2016). 
 10.29 Form of Retention Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Avon Products, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Avon's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 26, 2016). 
 10.30 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Avon Products, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Avon's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 26, 2016). 
 10.31 Form of Performance Contingent Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Avon Products, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Avon's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 26, 2016 ). 
 10.32 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under the Avon Products, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Avon's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 26, 2016). 
 10.33 Form of Stock Appreciation Right Certificate Agreement under the Avon Products, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Avon's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 26, 2016). 
 10.34 Avon Products, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated as of January 1, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Avon s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007). 
 10.35 First Amendment, dated as of December 7, 2010, to the Avon Products, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated as of January 1, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Avon s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010). 
 
 61 

10.36 Second Amendment, dated March 2, 2011, to the Avon Products, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated as of January 1, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Avon s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2011). 
 10.37 Third Amendment, dated November 10, 2014, to the Avon Products, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated as of January 1, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to Avon's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014). 
 10.38 Fourth Amendment, dated February 29, 2016, to the Avon Products, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated as of January 1, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Avon's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016). 
 10.39 Sixth Amendment to Avon Products, Inc Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.83 to Avon's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020) 
 10.40 Avon Products, Inc. Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, amended and restated as of May 6, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Avon s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2010). 
 10.41 Avon Products, Inc. Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, amended and restated as of January 1, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to Avon's Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2012). 
 10.42 Avon Products, Inc. Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, amended and restated as of February 8, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to Avon's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015). 
 10.43 Board of Directors of Avon Products, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, amended and restated as of May 6, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Avon s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2010). 
 10.44 Avon Products, Inc. 2013-2017 Executive Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix B to Avon s Proxy Statement as filed on April 2, 2013). 
 10.45 First Amendment, dated March 1, 2016, to Avon Products, Inc. 2013-2017 Executive Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Avon's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016). 
 10.46 Benefit Restoration Pension Plan of Avon Products, Inc., as amended and restated as of January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Avon s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008). 
 10.47 First Amendment, dated as of December 13, 2010, to the Benefit Restoration Pension Plan of Avon Products, Inc., as amended and restated as of January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to Avon's Annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011). 
 10.48 Second Amendment, dated as of September 19, 2012, to the Benefit Restoration Pension Plan of Avon Products, Inc., as amended and restated as of January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Avon's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2012). 
 10.49 Third Amendment, dated as of November 10, 2014, to the Benefit Restoration Pension Plan of Avon Products, Inc., as amended and restated as of January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to Avon's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014). 
 10.50 Fourth Amendment, dated February 29, 2016, to the Benefit Restoration Pension Plan of Avon Products, Inc., as amended and restated as of January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Avon's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016). 
 10.51 Avon Products, Inc. Management Incentive Plan, effective as of January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to Avon s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008). 
 10.52 Avon Products, Inc. Management Incentive Plan, amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to Avon's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017). 
 10.53 Avon Products, Inc. Long-Term Cash Bonus Plan, effective as of January 1, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to Avon's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017). 
 10.54 Avon Products, Inc. Compensation Recoupment Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Avon s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2010). 
 10.55 Avon Products, Inc. Amended and Restated Compensation Recoupment Policy, effective as of January 14, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to Avon's Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2012). 
 10.56 Avon Products, Inc. Change in Control Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Avon s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2010). 
 
 62 

10.57 Avon Products, Inc. Amended and Restated Change in Control Policy, dated as of January 9, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to Avon's Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2012). 
 10.58 Avon Products, Inc. Long Term Incentive Cash Plan, effective as of January 1, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Avon s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2011). 
 10.59 Avon Products, Inc. International Retirement Plan, amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Avon s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015). 
 10.60 First Amendment, dated as of December 13, 2010, to the Avon Products, Inc. International Retirement Plan as amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Avon s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015). 
 10.61 Investment Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2015, between Avon Products, Inc. and Cleveland Apple Investor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Avon s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2015). 
 10.62 Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2016, between Avon Products, Inc. and Cleveland Apple Investor L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Avon s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 7, 2016). 
 10.63 Intellectual Property License Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2016, among Avon Products, Inc., Avon International Operations, Inc., Avon NA IP LLC and New Avon LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Avon s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 7, 2016). 
 10.64 Amendment Number One dated as of June 17, 2022, to the Intellectual Property License Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2016, among Avon Products, Inc., Avon International Operations, Inc., Avon NA IP LLC and New Avon LLC. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 The following materials formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Deficit), (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and (vi) Schedule of Valuation and Qualifying Accounts. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document (included in Exhibit 101). The Exhibits identified above with an asterisk ) are management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements. 
 Avon s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, at the time of filing with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, shall modify and supersede all prior documents filed pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for purposes of any offers or sales of any securities after the date of such filing pursuant to any Registration Statement or Prospectus filed pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, which incorporates by reference such Form 10-K. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 63 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the 14th day of March 2023. 
 Avon Products, Inc. /s/ Samantha Hutchison Samantha Hutchison Controller - Principal Accounting Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Angela Cretu Chief Executive Officer - Principal Executive Officer March 14, 2023 Angela Cretu /s/ Marcin Kopa Vice President Finance - Principal Financial Officer March 14, 2023 Marcin Kopa /s/ Itamar Gaino Filho Director March 14, 2023 Itamar Gaino Filho /s/ Guilherme Castellan 
 Director March 14, 2023 Guilherme Castellan 

64 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULE 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-2 - F-3 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Statements of Operations for each of the three year s ended December 31, 20 22, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss (Income) for each of the three year s ended December 31, 20 22, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 20 22 and 2021 
 F- 6 - F-7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three year s ended December 31, 20 22, 2021 and 2020 
 F-8 - F-9 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for each of the three year s ended December 31, 20 22, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F- 10 - F-11 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 12 - F-61 
 Financial Statement Schedule: Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for each of the t hree year s ended December 31 , 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 62 

F-1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Avon Products, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Avon Products, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive (loss) income, cash flows and changes in shareholders deficit for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Realizability of foreign loss carryforward deferred tax assets in certain jurisdictions 
 As described in Notes 1 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements, at December 31, 2022, the Company had recognized deferred tax assets of approximately 52 million net of valuation allowances of approximately 941 million. Management records a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to an amount that is "more likely than not" to be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets depends upon generating sufficient taxable income of the right character during the periods in which the temporary differences become deductible, or before net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards expire. Evaluating the need for and quantifying the valuation allowance often requires significant judgment and extensive analysis of all the weighted positive and negative evidence available to the Company in order to determine whether all or some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Management continuously monitors the performance of entities and assesses the need for any further valuation allowances based on market performance and executability of tax planning actions and opportunities (including corporate restructuring). 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the realizability of foreign loss carryforward deferred tax assets in certain jurisdictions is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when assessing the ability to generate sufficient future taxable income through the execution of tax planning actions and opportunities (including corporate restructuring), (ii) the high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures over management s assessment of future taxable income of the right character and evaluating the audit evidence related to tax planning actions and opportunities (including corporate restructuring), and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 F-2 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the realizability of deferred tax assets, including tax planning actions and opportunities. These procedures also included, among others, (i) evaluating the reasonableness and mathematical accuracy of management s estimate of taxable income generated from tax planning actions, (ii) testing the completeness and accuracy of data used in the tax loss carryforward calculations, (iii) evaluating the evidence related to a) the Company s intention to execute corporate restructuring, b) whether the corporate restructuring is within the Company s power to execute, and c) the Company s progress toward execution of the corporate restructuring, (iv) the use of specialists to assist in evaluating the evidence related to the sufficiency of the taxable income generated from tax planning actions and opportunities (including corporate restructuring) and whether the taxable income generated from tax planning actions and opportunities would be of the appropriate character to realize the deferred tax assets, and (v) evaluating the completeness, accuracy and sufficiency of disclosures. 
 Talc-Related Litigation 
 As described in Note 1 and 17 to the consolidated financial statements, management discloses and/or accrues for loss contingencies, including for talc-related litigation, based on an assessment of the likelihood of a loss as being remote, reasonably possible or probable. Management records loss contingencies when it is probable that a liability will be incurred and the amount of the loss is reasonably estimated. Management believes that the talc-related claims asserted against the Company are without merit, however, management records a specific estimate for the small number of individual cases that have advanced to the later stages of legal proceedings, including one where the jury has awarded a verdict against the Company, and for the remaining cases, records an estimate of their exposure to loss taking into account the historical outcomes of cases resolved to date. As of December 31, 2022 there are 227 individual active talc-related cases pending against the Company for which associated costs and estimated liabilities have been included in current liabilities of discontinued operations on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Given the inherent uncertainties of litigation, management cannot predict the outcome of all individual cases pending against the Company. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to talc-related litigation is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management when assessing the likelihood of a loss being incurred and when determining whether a reasonable estimate of the loss can be made, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s assessment of the loss contingencies associated with litigation and legal proceedings. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s evaluation of the talc-related litigation, including controls over assessing the accuracy and completeness of material legal matters to prepare the legal contingencies summary, determining the likelihood of a loss being incurred and whether the loss can be reasonably estimated. These procedures also included, among others, (i) assessing management s process for accounting and reporting for the talc-related litigation, (ii) obtaining information regarding the procedural or other status of significant litigation (both actual and known potential) from the Company and its counsel, (iii) obtaining letters of audit inquiry with external legal counsel and evaluating counsel s assessments regarding the likely outcome of any specific case with a trial verdict, (iv) obtaining a confirmation from external legal counsel regarding the completeness of the case records maintained by management, (v) testing relevant data (including costs, settlements and verdicts) used to establish the loss contingency, and (vi) evaluating the completeness and sufficiency of the Company s talc-related litigation disclosures. 
 /s/ 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

F-3 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (In millions) Years ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Other revenue Revenue from affiliates of Natura Co 
 Total revenue Costs, expenses and other: Cost of sales ) ) ) Cost of sales from affiliates of Natura Co 
 ) ) ) Selling, general and administrative expenses (inclusive of provision for doubtful accounts of 2022: , 2021: ,2020: 
 ) ) ) Impairment of goodwill 
 ) Operating loss ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Interest expense on Loan from affiliates of Natura Co 
 ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt and credit facilities ) ) Interest income Interest income from affiliates of Natura Co Other income (expense), net ) ) Gain on sale of business 
 Total other (expenses) income ) ) ) Loss from continuing operations, before taxes ) ) ) Income taxes ) ) ) Loss from continuing operations, net of tax ) ) ) Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Net loss attributable to Avon ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 
 F-4 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 (In millions) Years ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on revaluation of long-term intercompany balances ) ) Change in derivative gains (losses) on cash flow hedges Amortization of net actuarial loss and prior service cost, net of taxes of 2022: , 2021: and 2020: 
 Adjustments of net actuarial loss and prior service cost, net of taxes of 2022: , 2021: and 2020: 
 ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) Less: comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive loss attributable to Avon ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

F-5 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In millions, except per share data and share numbers) December 31 2022 2021 Assets Current Assets Cash, including cash equivalents of 2022: and 2021: 
 Restricted cash Accounts receivable (less allowances of 2022: and 2021: 
 Receivables from affiliates of Natura Co Loans to affiliates of Natura Co Inventories Prepaid expenses and other Held for sale assets Current assets of discontinued operations Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, at cost Land Buildings and improvements Equipment Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net Right-of-use assets Goodwill Deferred tax asset Loans to affiliates of Natura Co Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit Current Liabilities Debt maturing within one year Loans from affiliates of Natura Co Accounts payable Payables to affiliates of Natura Co Accrued compensation Other accrued liabilities Sales and taxes other than income Income taxes Current liabilities of discontinued operations Total current liabilities Long-term debt Loans from affiliates of Natura Co Long-term operating lease liability Employee benefit plans Long-term income taxes Other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders Deficit Common stock, par value - authorized shares; issued shares 
 (2021: par value - authorized shares; issued shares) 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Avon shareholders deficit ) ) Noncontrolling interests Total shareholders deficit ) ) Total liabilities and shareholders deficit 
 F-6 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 F-7 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In millions) Years ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net loss ) ) ) Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) ) Loss from continuing operations ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss from continuing operations to net cash used by operating activities: 
 Depreciation Amortization Provision for doubtful accounts Provision for inventory obsolescence Share-based compensation Foreign exchange (gains) losses ) ) ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Impairment loss on assets Gain on sale of business / assets ) ) Costs associated with debt issue / repayment Other Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) Income and other taxes ) Noncurrent assets and liabilities ) ) Net cash used by operating activities of continuing operations ) ) ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from disposal of assets Net proceeds from sale of business / assets Cash receipts from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies Other investing activities Net cash used by investing activities of continuing operations ) ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Cash dividend ) Debt, net (maturities of three months or less) ) Proceeds from debt Repayment of debt ) ) ) Repayment of debt to affiliates of Natura Co (2) 
 ) ) Repayment of debt from affiliates of Natura Co Repurchase of common stock ) Settlement of stock options ) Settlement of derivative operations ) Costs associated with debt issue / repayment ) ) Proceeds from monetization of COFINS tax credits ) Net cash provided by financing activities of continuing operations (2) 
 Cash Flows from Discontinued Operations Net cash used by operating activities of discontinued operations ) ) ) Net cash used by discontinued operations ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year (1) 
 
 F-8 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year (1) 
 Cash paid for: Interest Income taxes, net of refunds received 
 
 (1) 
 Restricted cash Held for sale cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period per the statement of cash flows 
 (2) , with the proceeds used to repay maturing loans of borrowed under the Revolving Credit Facility with a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding. Under the terms of the transaction and the associated Direction and Settlement Agreement, no cash flows in either investing or financing activities arose as a result of the transaction. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 F-9 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT (In millions, except per Common Stock Additional Retained Accumulated Other Treasury Stock Noncontrolling share data) Shares Amount Paid-In Capital Earnings Comprehensive Loss Shares Amount Interests Total Balances at December 31, 2019 
 ) ) ) Credit Losses cumulative catch up ) ) Gain on common control transaction Capitalization of payable (1) 
 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income 
 ) ) Conversion of Series C convertible preferred stock (2) 
 ) ) Exercise/ vesting/ expense of share-based compensation 
 ) ) ) Exchange of common stock (3) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Balances at December 31, 2020 (4) 
 ) ) ) Sale of Avon Luxembourg (5) 
 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income 
 Exercise/ vesting/ expense of share-based compensation 
 Purchases and sales of noncontrolling interests ) ) Balances at December 31, 2021 (4) 
 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income 
 ) Exercise/ vesting/ expense of share-based compensation 
 Balances at December 31, 2022 (4) 
 ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 (1) shares of newly issued series C preferred stock for an aggregate purchase price of pursuant to an Investment Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2015, between the Company and Cerberus Investor. The series C preferred stock had accrued unpaid dividends of at December 31, 2019. In January 2020 Natura Co Holding paid the accrued dividends on the shares of series C preferred stock in an amount equal to U.S. to Cerberus, resulting in a payable due to an affiliate of Natura Co Holding for the same amount. During 2020, the payable due to Natura Co was capitalized and recorded as a capital contribution through Additional Paid in Capital. 
 (2) shares of Series C Preferred Stock into shares of the Company s common stock, par value U.S. per share, pursuant to the holder of the Company s Series C Preferred Stock s rights under the Company s certificate of incorporation. The foregoing election is conditioned upon the filing of the certificates of merger with respect to the First Merger. 
 (3) shares (of which (i) shares, par value per share, were common stock and (ii) shares, par value per share, were preferred stock) to shares of common stock, par value per share. As a result of the Merger, all of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company, being , were canceled and converted. See Note 20, Merger with Natura Cosm ticos S.A.,. 
 (4) per share) outstanding at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was . 
 F-10 

(5) . The sale was accounted for as a transaction under common control in accordance with ASC805 - Business Combinations, with the resulting gain of , representing the difference between the proceeds, the net assets of Avon Luxembourg on the date of sale, and the cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment, taken directly to Retained Earnings . 

F-11 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (U.S. dollars in millions, except per share and share data) 
 
 NOTE 1. 
 channel, direct selling. Our reportable segments are based on geographic operations in regions: Avon International and Avon Latin America. Our product categories are Beauty and Fashion Home. Beauty consists of skincare, fragrance and color (cosmetics). Fashion Home consists of fashion jewelry, watches, apparel, footwear, accessories, gift and decorative products, housewares, entertainment and leisure products, children s products and nutritional products. Sales are made to the ultimate consumer principally by independent Representatives. 
 On May 22, 2019, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Mergers with Natura Cosm ticos S.A., a Brazilian corporation (sociedade an nima) ("Natura Cosm ticos"), Natura Co Holding S.A., a Brazilian corporation (sociedade an nima) ("Natura Co Holding"), and two subsidiaries of Natura Co Holding ("Natura Co") pursuant to which, in a series of transactions, Avon and Natura Cosm ticos became direct wholly owned subsidiaries of Natura Co (the "Transaction"). On January 3, 2020, the Company consummated the Transaction and became a fully owned subsidiary of Natura Co Holding. In connection with the consummation of the Transaction, the Company notified the NYSE that trading of their stock should be suspended, the Company's common stock was subsequently delisted and deregistered. The Company files these financial statements with the SEC, as a voluntary filer, to comply with the terms of certain debt instruments. For additional information, see Note 20, Merger with Natura Cosm ticos S.A.,. 
 In December 2019, the Company declared a dividend of per share equating to , this dividend was subsequently paid in January 2020 by the Company. 
 Sale of Avon Luxembourg Holdings S. r.l 
 On July 1, 2021, the Company sold Avon Luxembourg, including our Mexican business, to a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding for , with the proceeds used to repay maturing loans of borrowed under the Revolving Credit Facility with a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding. 
 The sale was accounted for as a transaction under common control in accordance with ASC805 - Business Combinations, with the resulting gain of , representing the difference between the proceeds, the net assets of Avon Luxembourg on the date of sale, and the cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment, taken directly to Retained Earnings. Under the terms of the transaction and the associated Direction and Settlement Agreement, no cash flows in either investing or financing activities arose as a result of the transaction and it has been treated as a non cash flow item in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. For additional information, see the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Deficit and the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 COVID-19 pandemic and Russia-Ukraine war 
 F-12 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

F-13 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

regions: Avon International and Avon Latin America. We primarily sell our products to the ultimate consumer through the direct selling channel principally through Representatives, who are independent contractors and not our employees. 
 Revenue recognition 
 Revenue is recognized when control of a product or service is transferred to a customer, which is generally the Representative. Revenue is measured based on the consideration specified in a contract with a customer and excludes amounts collected on behalf of third parties, such as Value Added Taxes ("VAT") collected for taxing authorities. 
 Principal revenue streams and significant judgments 
 Our principal revenue streams can be distinguished into: i) the sale of Beauty and Fashion Home products to Representatives (recorded in net sales); ii) Representative fees, primarily for the sale of brochures to Representatives and fulfillment activities related to the contract, which include fees for shipping and handling (recorded in other revenue); and iii) other, which includes the sale of products to New Avon LLC ("New Avon"), which has ceased since the sale of Avon Luxembourg Holdings S. r.l on July 1, 2021, and royalties from the licensing of our name and products (recorded in other revenue). 
 i) Sale of Beauty and Fashion Home products to Representatives 
 We generate the majority of our revenue through the sale of Beauty and Fashion Home products. A Representative contacts her customers directly, selling primarily through our brochure (whether paper or online), which highlights new products and special promotions (or incentives) for each sales campaign. In this sense, the Representative, together with the brochure, are the "store" through which our products are sold. A brochure introducing a new sales campaign is typically generated every three to four weeks. A purchase order is processed, and the products are picked at a distribution center and delivered to the Representative usually through a combination of local and national delivery companies. Generally, the Representative then delivers the merchandise and collects payment from the customer for her or his own account. A Representative generally receives a refund of the price the Representative paid for a product if the Representative chooses to return it. 
 A Representative Agreement, which outlines the basic terms of the agreement between Avon and the Representative, combined with a purchase order, constitutes a contract for the purposes of Accounting Standards Codification Topic ("ASC"), Revenue from Contracts with Customers ("ASC 606"). 
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
 We account for individual products and services separately in the contract if they are distinct (i.e., if a product or service is separately identifiable from the other items in the contract and if a Representative can benefit from the product or service on its own or with other resources that are readily available), which is recognized at a point in time, when control of a product is transferred to a Representative. In addition, we offer incentives to Representatives to support sales growth. Certain of these sales incentives are distinct promises to a Representative, and therefore are a separate performance obligation. As a result, revenue is allocated to the performance obligation for sales incentives and is deferred on the balance sheet until the associated performance obligations are satisfied. 
 Typically included within a contract is variable consideration, such as sales returns and late payment fees. Revenue is only recorded to the extent it is probable that it will not be reversed, and therefore revenue is adjusted for variable consideration. Variable consideration is generally estimated using the expected value method, which considers possible outcomes weighted by their probability. Specifically for sales returns, a refund liability will be recorded for the estimated cash to be refunded for the products expected to be returned, and a returns asset will be recorded for the products which we expect to be returned and re-sold, each of these based on historical experience. The estimate of sales returns as well as the measurement of the returns asset and the refund liability is updated at the end of each month for changes in expectations regarding the amount of salvageable returns, reconditioning costs and any additional decreases in the value of the returned products. Late payment fees are recorded when the uncertainty associated with collecting such fees are resolved (i.e., when collected). 
 F-14 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

F-15 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

iii) 
 Brochure costs and associated fees that are presented as inventory were at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. Brochure costs and associated fees that are presented as prepaid expenses and other were at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. 
 Brochure costs expensed to COGS and SG A in 2022 amounted to and , respectively. In 2021 brochure costs expensed to COGS and SG A were and , respectively. In 2020 brochure costs expensed to COGS and SG A were of and , respectively. 
 The fees charged to Representatives for brochures sold recorded in Other revenue in 2022, 2021 and 2020 amounted to , and , respectively. 
 years; land improvements, years; machinery and equipment, years; and office equipment, to years. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful life of the asset. Upon disposal of property, plant and equipment, the cost of the assets and the related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and the resulting gain or loss is reflected in earnings. Costs associated with repair and maintenance activities are expensed as incurred. 
 F-16 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. The amortization expense associated with capitalized software was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

F-17 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

and include an estimated terminal value at the end of the forecasted period. When determining the appropriate forecast period for the DCF approach, we consider the amount of time required before the reporting unit achieves what we consider a normalized, sustainable level of cash flows. The estimation of fair value utilizing a DCF approach includes numerous uncertainties which require significant judgment when making assumptions of expected growth rates and the selection of discount rates, as well as assumptions regarding general economic and business conditions, and the structure that would yield the highest economic value, among other factors. 
 F-18 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

and amounted to in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. 
 
 and amounted to in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. 
 in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. Research and development costs include all costs related to the design and development of new products such as salaries and benefits, supplies and materials and facilities costs. 
 
 F-19 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

periods. We use a December 31 measurement date for all of our employee benefit plans. Service cost is presented in SG A in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. The components of net periodic benefit costs other than service cost are presented in other expense, net in our Consolidated Statements of Operations . 
 
 NOTE 2. 
 to reflect a change in the allowance for doubtful accounts. 
 ASU 2018-14, Compensation - Retirement Benefits - Defined Benefit Plans 
 In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-14, Compensation - Retirement Benefits - Defined Benefit Plans - General. ASU 2018-14 modifies the disclosure requirements for employers that sponsor defined benefit pension or other postretirement plans. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years ending after December 15, 2020, therefore we adopted this standard effective December 31, 2020. The adoption did not have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 ASU 2017-04, Intangibles - Goodwill and other (Topic 350) 
 In January 2017, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2017-04 Intangibles - Goodwill and other, which simplifies the test for goodwill impairment. This Update eliminates Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. In computing the implied fair value of goodwill under Step 2, an entity had to perform procedures to determine the fair value at the impairment testing date of its assets and liabilities (including unrecognized assets and liabilities) following the procedure that would be required in determining the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. Instead an entity should perform its annual, or interim, goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying 
 F-20 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 3. 
 ownership interest in New Avon. These transactions closed on March 1, 2016; from that date, resolution of contingent liabilities relating to Avon's ownership and operation of the North America business prior to its separation from the Company into New Avon have been treated as discontinued operations. In April 2019, we signed an agreement with LG Household Health Care Ltd. to sell our ownership interest in New Avon, which was completed during August 2019. Refer to the Divestitures section below for information relating to the sale of New Avon. 
 The Company incurred costs and recognized contingent liabilities during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 related to its ownership and operation of the North America business prior to its separation into New Avon, including talc- 
 F-21 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 ) ) Operating loss ) ) ) Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) ) 
 
 Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale 
 Current held for sale liabilities Accounts payable Other liabilities 
 At December 31, 2021, assets held for sale included property in the Avon Latin America Segment. 
 At December 31, 2022, there were assets held for sale. 
 Divestitures 
 Sale of Poland Freehold Administrative Office 
 In December 2022, we completed the sale of our Polish freehold administrative office for a total selling price of , the proceeds of which are presented as investing activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022 we recognized a gain of before and after tax, which is reported separately in the Consolidated Statements of Operations representing the difference between the proceeds, the carrying value of the Poland Freehold Office on the date of sale, and associated disposal costs. 
 Disposal of Avon Beauty Arabia in Saudi Arabia 
 On December 23, 2021, the Company completed the sale of its share of the business and assets of Avon Beauty Arabia in exchange for converting the business to a distributorship model together with the write off of a loan balance. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2021 we recognized a loss of before and after tax, which is reported separately in the Consolidated Statements of Operations representing the difference between the write off of the loan balance, the carrying value of the business and assets of the Avon Beauty Arabia on the date of sale, and associated disposal costs. 
 Disposal of Cosmetics Manufacturing Operations in India 
 On November 17, 2021, the Company completed the sale of the business and assets of the Cosmetics Manufacturing Operation in India for a total selling price of , the proceeds of which are presented as investing activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2021 we recognized a gain of before and after tax, which is reported separately in the Consolidated Statements of Operations representing the difference between the proceeds, the carrying value of the business and assets of the Cosmetics Manufacturing Operation in India on the date of sale, and associated disposal costs. 
 F-22 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

, the proceeds of which are presented as investing activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. 
 In the third quarter of 2021 we recognized a gain of before and after tax, which is reported separately in the Consolidated Statements of Operations representing the difference between the proceeds, the carrying value of the branch of the Spanish Distribution Center on the date of sale, and associated disposal costs. 
 Sale of Avon Luxembourg Holdings S. r.l 
 On July 1, 2021, the Company sold Avon Luxembourg, including our Mexican business, to a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding for , with the proceeds used to repay maturing loans of borrowed under the Revolving Credit Facility with a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding. 
 The sale was accounted for as a transaction under common control in accordance with ASC805 - Business Combinations, with the resulting gain of , representing the difference between the proceeds, the net assets of Avon Luxembourg on the date of sale and the cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment, taken directly to Retained Earnings. For additional information, see the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Deficit. 
 Italy Branch 
 In June 2021, we completed the sale of a branch of our Italian business for a total selling price of , the proceeds of which will be received in installments between October 2021 and December 2026, and will be presented as investing activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. 
 In the second quarter of 2021, we recorded a gain of before and after tax, which is reported separately in the Consolidated Statements of Operations representing the difference between the proceeds and the carrying value of the branch of the Italian business on the date of sale. 
 Avon Shanghai 
 In August 2020, we signed an agreement to sell Avon Management Shanghai ("Avon Shanghai") to an affiliate of Natura Co for a selling price of . In August 2020, we completed the sale of the entity and received proceeds of . These proceeds are presented as investing activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows as the sale was to an affiliate under common control by Natura Co. The gain on sale of was recorded directly to Retained earnings. 
 Hungary Distribution Center in G d ll 
 In April 2020, we signed an agreement to sell the Hungary Distribution Center in G d ll for a selling price of and received a deposit of . In June 2020, we completed the sale of the asset and the remaining proceeds of were received. These proceeds are presented as investing activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. 
 In the second quarter of 2020, we recorded a gain of before and after tax, which is reported separately in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The gain represents the difference between the proceeds and the carrying value of the Hungary Distribution Center on the date of sale. 
 China Wellness Plant 
 In March 2020, we signed an agreement to sell the China Wellness Plant for a total selling price of before expenses. In the six-month period ended June 30, 2020, we received a cash deposit for the selling price of , which included of restricted cash held in escrow. 
 In August 2020, we completed the sale of the China Wellness Plant and of restricted cash in escrow was transferred to Avon. In the third quarter of 2020, we recorded a gain of before and after tax, which is reported separately in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The gain represents the difference between the net proceeds (after associated expenses) and the carrying value of the China Wellness Plant on the date of sale. 
 F-23 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 4. 
 Cost of sales from affiliates of Natura Co (2)(3) 
 ) ) ) Gross profit from affiliates of Natura Co (2)(3) 
 Interest income from Instituto Avon (1) 
 Interest expense on Loan from affiliates of Natura Co (5) 
 ) ) ) Interest income on Loan to affiliates of Natura Co (5) 
 
 Year Ended December 31,2022 Year Ended December 31,2021 Balance Sheet Data Trade Receivables due from affiliates of Natura Co (2) 
 Derivative Receivables due from affiliates of Natura Co (8) 
 Other receivables due from affiliates of Natura Co (7) 
 Loans to affiliates of Natura Co maturing within one year (7) 
 Loans to affiliates of Natura Co maturing after one year (7) 
 Right-of-use asset from affiliates of Natura Co (9) 
 Trade Payables due to affiliates of Natura Co (7) 
 ) ) Derivative Payables due to affiliates of Natura Co (8) 
 ) Other payables due to affiliates of Natura Co (4) 
 ) ) Loans from affiliates of Natura Co maturing within one year (5) 
 ) ) Loans from affiliates of Natura Co maturing after one year (5) 
 ) ) Lease liability to affiliates of Natura Co (9) 
 ) Investments in affiliates of Natura Co (6) 
 
 (1) During the second quarter of 2018, the Company entered into an agreement to loan the Instituto Avon, an independent non-government charitable organization in Brazil, R (Brazilian real) for an unsecured -year term at a fixed interest rate of per annum, to be paid back in equal annual installments. The Instituto Avon was created by an Avon subsidiary in Brazil, with the board and executive team comprised of Avon Brazil management. The purpose of the loan was to provide the Instituto Avon with the means to donate funds to Funda o Pio XII (a leading cancer prevention and treatment organization in Brazil and owner of the Hospital do C ncer de Barretos), in order to invest in equipment with the objective of expanding breast cancer prevention and treatment. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the loan was repaid in full. 
 (2) During the second quarter of 2020, the Company entered into manufacturing agreements with affiliates of Natura Co Holding. The Company recorded revenue from related party of , and associated with these agreements during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company recorded gross profit from related party of , and associated with these agreements during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Trade receivables due from affiliates of Natura Co primarily relate to these manufacturing agreements. 
 (3) The Company is party to a license agreement with Avon Mexico, whereby Avon Mexico pays the Company a variable royalty. The Company recorded revenue and gross profit from related party of nil associated with these agreements during the 
 F-24 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

and , respectively, from related party associated with these agreements during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 (4) T he payable to Natura Co relates to the vesting and settlement of share based compensation awards denominated in Natura Co American Depository Receipts including the 2018 and 2019 long-term employee incentive program which vested and were automatically exercised in March 2021 and March 2022, respectively. 
 (5) Loans from affiliates of Natura Co Holding at December 31, 2022 of include outstanding under a Promissory Note with Avon Beauty Limited with a maturity date of December 6, 2028, outstanding under a Promissory Note with Avon Products, Inc. with a maturity date of May 17, 2029 and outstanding under Promissory Notes with Avon Cosmetics Limited with maturity dates of May 17, 2029 and June 28, 2029. In addition loans from affiliates of Natura Co Holding at December 31, 2022 of include of intercompany loans between Avon Luxembourg and Avon Products, Inc. affiliates that, following the sale of Avon Luxembourg to a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding on July 1, 2021, were redesignated as loans from affiliates of Natura Co Holding. Loans from affiliates of Natura Co Holding at December 31, 2021 of include outstanding under a Promissory Note between Avon Beauty Limited and a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding, and outstanding under a Promissory Note with a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding and an affiliate of the Company. In addition loans from affiliates of Natura Co Holding at December 31, 2021 include of intercompany loans between Avon Luxembourg and Avon Products, Inc. affiliates that, following the sale of Avon Luxembourg to a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding on July 1, 2021, were redesignated as loans from affiliates of Natura Co Holding. See Note 7, Debt and Other Financing, for further information relating to these loans. 
 (6) During the second quarter of 2021, Avon Cosm ticos LTDA., made an investment of R in Natura Co Pay Holding Financeira S.A., representing a holding in the company. This is presented in other assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (7) On July 1, 2021, the Company sold Avon Luxembourg, including our Mexican business, to a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding. As a result, transactions and balances between Avon International and Avon Luxembourg are no longer eliminated on consolidation and instead are treated as transactions and balances with Related Parties. 
 (8) During the first quarter of 2022, the Company entered into foreign exchange forward contracts with Natura Co Luxembourg, a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding, to manage a portion of its foreign currency exchange rate exposures. At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding related party foreign exchange forward contracts with notional amounts totaling approximately for various currencies for up to 12 months, of which were designated as cash flow hedges. In addition we had of Accounts Receivable and of Accounts Payable recorded in our Consolidated Balance Sheets associated with these transactions, all of which are expected to be reclassified into earnings within the next 12 months. 
 at December 31, 2022. 

NOTE 5. 

F-25 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Fragrance Color Total Beauty Fashion Home: Fashion Home Total Fashion Home Certain Brazil indirect taxes ) ) ) Product sales Representative fees Other Other revenue Total revenue 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 Reportable segments Avon International Avon LATAM Total reportable segments Affiliates of Natura Total Beauty: Skincare Fragrance Color Total Beauty Fashion Home: Fashion Home Total Fashion Home Certain Brazil indirect taxes Product sales Representative fees Other Other revenue Total revenue 

F-26 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Fragrance Color Total Beauty Fashion Home: Fashion Home Total Fashion Home Product sales Representative fees Other Other revenue Total revenue 
 
 The years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 include impact of certain Brazil indirect taxes which resulted in an approximate cost of and benefit of , respectively. See Note 19 Supplemental Balance Sheet Information. 
 In June 2022, an Avon subsidiary concluded the negotiation of a settlement agreement to resolve a breach of contract dispute in Japan. As a result, Avon received cash compensation of , of which related to the settlement of historically recognized revenues. The remaining was recognized as revenue in the quarter ended June 30, 2022. 
 
 Contract balances 
 The timing of revenue recognition generally is different from the timing of a promise made to a Representative. As a result, we have contract liabilities, which primarily relate to the advance consideration received from Representatives prior to transfer of the related good or service for material rights, such as loyalty points and status programs, and are primarily classified within other accrued liabilities (with the long-term portion in other liabilities) in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Generally, we record accounts receivable when we invoice a Representative. In addition, we record an estimate of an allowance for doubtful accounts on receivable balances based on an analysis of historical data and, as applicable, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect collectability, including seasonality and changing trends, economic and geopolitical environment and the impact of COVID-19. The allowance for doubtful accounts is reviewed for adequacy, at a minimum, on a quarterly basis. We generally have no detailed information concerning, or any communication with, any ultimate consumer of our products beyond the Representative. We have no legal recourse against the ultimate consumer for the collection of any accounts receivable balances due from the Representative to us. If the financial condition of the Representatives were to deteriorate, resulting in their inability to make payments, additional allowances may be required. 
 and 
 Contract liabilities 
 The contract liability balances relate to certain material rights (loyalty points, status program and prospective discounts). During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, we recognized of revenue related to the contract liability balance at December 31, 2021, as the result of performance obligations satisfied. In addition, we deferred an additional related to 
 F-27 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 6. 
 Finished goods Total 

NOTE 7. 
 Loans from affiliates of Natura Co Total Long-term debt: Finance lease liabilities Notes, due March 2023 
 Notes, due March 2043 
 Loans from affiliates of Natura Co, due 2028 and 2029 Total 
 The carrying value of long-term debt is presented net of debt issuance costs and includes any related discount or premium, as applicable. 
 Unsecured Notes 
 In March 2013, we issued, in a public offering, principal amount of Notes due March 15, 2023 (the " Notes") and principal amount of Notes due March 15, 2043 (the " Notes") (collectively, the "2013 Notes"). Interest on the 2013 Notes is payable semi-annually on March 15 and September 15 of each year. 
 The indenture governing the 2013 Notes contains interest rate adjustment provisions depending on the credit ratings assigned to the 2013 Notes with S P and Moody's. As described in the indenture, the interest rates on the 2013 Notes increase or decrease by for each one-notch movement below investment grade on each of the credit ratings assigned to the 2013 Notes by S P or Moody's. These adjustments are limited to a total increase of above the respective interest rates in effect on the date of issuance of the 2013 Notes. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2016, we repurchased of our Notes and of our Notes and in the fourth quarter of 2018, we repurchased of our Notes. 
 In September 2020, we repurchased of our Notes due March 15, 2043. The aggregate repurchase price was equal to the principal amount of the notes, plus a premium of and accrued interest of . In connection with the repurchase, we incurred a loss on extinguishment of debt of before tax in the third quarter of 2020 consisting of the premium paid for the repurchases, and for the write-off of debt issuance costs and discounts related to the initial issuance of the notes that were repurchased. 
 In May 2022, we repurchased of our Notes due 15 March, 2023, financed by long-term related party loans (see below). The aggregate repurchase price was equal to the principal amount of the notes, plus a premium of and accrued interest of . In connection with the repurchase, we incurred a loss on extinguishment of debt of before tax in the second quarter of 2022 consisting of the premium paid for the repurchase and for the write-off of debt issuance costs and discounts related to the initial issuance of the notes that were repurchased. 
 F-28 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Notes, due March 2023 
 ) ) Notes, due March 2043 
 ) ) ) ) 
 
 The indentures governing our outstanding notes described above contain certain customary covenants, customary events of default, cross-default provisions and change in control provisions. In July and September 2019, bondholder consents for the Notes and the Notes, respectively, were obtained to amend the definition of "change of control" to permit the acquisition of Avon by Natura. No repayment of notes was triggered by the Transaction with Natura Co. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had recorded accrued interest on our unsecured notes of and , respectively, which is classified within other accrued liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Senior Secured Notes 
 In August 2016, Avon International Operations, Inc. ("AIO"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, issued, in a private placement exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Notes, with a maturity date of August 15, 2022 (the "2016 Notes"). 
 In July 2019, Avon International Capital, p.l.c. ("AIC"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, issued, in a private placement exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Notes, with a maturity date August 15, 2022 (the "2019 Notes"). 
 In November 2020, in connection with the Natura Co Promissory Note, we redeemed the outstanding principal amount of our 2016 Notes due August 15, 2022 and the outstanding principal amount of our 2019 Notes due August 15, 2022. With respect to the 2016 Notes, the aggregate redemption amount paid was equal to the outstanding principal amount of , plus a premium of and accrued interest of . With respect to the 2019 Notes, the aggregate redemption amount paid was equal to the outstanding principal amount of , plus a premium of and accrued interest of . 
 In connection with the redemption, we incurred a loss on extinguishment of debt of before tax in the fourth quarter of 2020 consisting of the premiums, and the write-off of of debt issuance costs related to the initial issuances of the notes that were redeemed. 
 Certain hedging and cash management obligations of the Company and certain subsidiaries are secured by first priority security interests in substantially all of its assets, subject to certain exceptions. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying values of our senior secured notes was . 
 Maturities of Long-Term Debt 
 
 Other Financing 
 Natura Revolving Credit Facility 
 In May 2020, the Company s subsidiary, Avon Luxembourg entered into a Revolving Credit Facility Agreement with Natura Co International S. r.l., a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding and an affiliate of the Company, in the initial amount of , increased to in March 2021, which may be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes (the "Facility"). Borrowings under the Facility bear interest at a rate per annum of LIBOR plus a margin determined on an arm's length basis, and the Facility is to mature on May 31, 2022. On July 1, 2021, the Company sold Avon Luxembourg to a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding and the Company no longer has access to this facility. 
 On November 7, 2022, the Company s subsidiary, Avon Cosmetics Limited entered into a two-year committed intercompany multi-currency revolving credit facility with Natura Co Luxembourg Holdings S. r.l, a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding and an affiliate of the Company, in the amount of , of which was drawn down at December 31, 2022. Borrowings 
 F-29 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 plus applicable currency benchmark rate. 
 Related Party loans 
 In November 2020, AIO entered into a Promissory Note with a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding S.A. and an affiliate of the Company in the amount of . The Promissory Note bears interest at a rate per annum of with a maturity date of November 2, 2022 the Natura Co Loan ). On July 1, 2021, as part of the sale of Avon Luxembourg to a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding the loan was partially repaid with the proceeds from a loan maturing in 2028. The loan was fully repaid in the second of quarter of 2022 as part of a refinancing and the subsequent repurchase of Unsecured Notes (see above). As at December 31, 2022, was outstanding under the loan maturing in 2028 which is between Avon Beauty Limited, and Natura Co Luxembourg Holdings S. r.l. ("Natura Co Lux Loan"). Avon Beauty Limited is a subsidiary of Avon Cosmetics Limited. 
 In May 2022, Avon Products, Inc and Avon Cosmetics Limited entered into Promissory Notes with a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding in the amount of and respectively. The Promissory Notes bear interest at a rate per annum of and mature on May 17, 2029. In addition, in June 2022 Avon Cosmetics Limited entered into an additional Promissory Note with a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding in the amount of . This Promissory Note bears interest at a rate per annum of and matures on June 28, 2029. 
 At December 31, 2022, our debt and other financing maturing within one year of include of intercompany loans between Natura Co Luxembourg Holdings S. r.l. and Avon Products, Inc. affiliates, including drawn down under a committed intercompany multi-currency revolving credit facility from an affiliate of Natura Co expiring in November 2024. 
 In addition, our short term contractual financial obligations and commitments include approximately relating to purchase obligations and approximately relating to operating lease repayments. We also expect to make contributions in the range of to to our defined benefit pension and postretirement plans. These commitments and repayments are expected to be fulfilled through a combination of operating cash flows and where necessary, further financial support from Natura Co Holding. 
 Other short-term financing 
 At December 31, 2022, we utilized approximately of short-term financing from third-party banks across multiple markets bearing an average interest rate of per annum of . 
 Letters of Credit 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we also had letters of credit outstanding totaling and , respectively. These balances primarily relate to a letter of credit issued to a lessor of certain equipment, a lease which was transferred to New Avon in connection with the separation of the Company's North America business, and letters of credit which guarantee various insurance activities. 
 Long-Term Credit Ratings 
 Our long-term credit ratings are: Moody s ratings of Stable Outlook with Ba3 for corporate family debt; S P ratings of Stable Outlook with BB- for corporate family debt and senior unsecured debt; and Fitch rating of Positive Outlook with BB for corporate family and unsecured debt. 
 Our credit ratings remain below investment grade which may impact our ability to access financing transactions on favorable terms. 
 
 NOTE 8. 
 
 F-30 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income other than reclassifications 
 ) Reclassifications into earnings: Amortization of net actuarial loss and prior service cost, net of tax of (1) 
 Total reclassifications into earnings Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) ) 
 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments Net Investment Hedges Pension and Postretirement Benefits Total Balance at December 31, 2020 
 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) other than reclassifications 
 ) Sale of Avon Luxembourg ) Reclassifications into earnings: Amortization of net actuarial loss and prior service cost, net of tax of (1) 
 Total reclassifications into earnings Balance at December 31, 2021 
 ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Gross amount reclassified to other expense, net, and related taxes reclassified to income taxes. 
 for 2022, a net loss of for 2021, and a net gain of for 2020, resulting from the translation of actuarial losses and prior service cost recorded in AOCI, are included in changes in foreign currency translation adjustments in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 
 NOTE 9.) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 ) Deferred Total Federal ) Foreign: Current Deferred ) Total Foreign State and Local: Current Deferred Total State and other Total 
 F-31 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 State and local taxes, net of federal tax benefit ) ) Tax on foreign income ) Tax on uncertain tax positions Reorganizations ) Net change in valuation allowances ) ) ) Other Effective tax rate ) ) ) 
 In 2022, the Company s effective tax rate continues to be impacted by the country mix of earnings. The country mix includes losses in certain jurisdictions that cannot be benefited and income tax expense in certain jurisdictions where taxable income is generated. In 2022, the Company increased its reserves for uncertain tax positions associated with current year activity and reduced reserves due to events, including settlements and the expiration of statutes of limitation. Included in Tax on Foreign Income is the effect of the Colombia Goodwill impairment which could not be benefitted. 
 In 2022, the Net Change in Valuation Allowances line in the rate reconciliation above includes of net benefits that could not be recognized. The of benefits which were not recognized consisted of the following key items: 1) of increased Valuation Allowances due to additional Deferred Tax Assets generated during 2022 which cannot be benefitted; and 2) of increased Valuation Allowances due to changes in judgment regarding the ability to use certain Deferred Tax Assets which existed at the beginning of 2022. 
 In 2021, the Company s effective tax rate continued to be impacted by the country mix of earnings. The country mix includes losses in certain jurisdictions that cannot be benefited and income tax expense in certain jurisdictions where taxable income is generated. In 2021, the Company increased its reserves for uncertain tax positions associated with current year activity and reduced reserves due to events, primarily restructuring and the expiration of statutes of limitation. Included in Tax on Foreign Income is the effect of tax rate changes including the increase in the United Kingdom tax rate from 19 to 25 which resulted in a deferred tax benefit of . 
 In 2021, the Net Change in Valuation Allowances line in the rate reconciliation above includes of net benefits that could not be recognized. The of benefits which were not recognized consisted of the following key items: 1) of increased Valuation Allowances due to additional Deferred Tax Assets generated during 2021 which cannot be benefitted; 2) of increased Valuation Allowances on Deferred Tax Assets due to a tax rate change offsetting equivalent and associated accruals of deferred tax benefits reflected in the Tax on Foreign Income line above; and 3) of increased Valuation Allowances due to changes in judgment regarding the ability to use certain Deferred Tax Assets which existed at the beginning of 2021. 
 In 2020, the Company s effective tax rate continues to be impacted by the country mix of earnings. The country mix includes losses in certain jurisdictions that cannot be benefited and income tax expense in certain jurisdictions where taxable income is generated. In 2020, the Company increased its reserves for uncertain tax positions associated with current year activity and reduced reserves due to events, primarily the expiration of statutes of limitation. Included in Tax on Foreign Income is the effect of tax rate changes including the increase in the United Kingdom tax rate from 17 to 19 which resulted in a deferred tax benefit of . Included in the Re-organizations line is the effect of a true-up for a change in estimate of regarding the amount of net operating losses generated as part of the 2018 restructuring transactions. 
 In 2020, the Net Change in Valuation Allowances line in the rate reconciliation above includes of net benefits that could not be recognized. The of benefits which were not recognized consisted of the following key items: 1) of increased Valuation Allowances due to additional Deferred Tax Assets generated during 2020 which cannot be benefitted; 2) of increased Valuation Allowances on Deferred Tax Assets due to a tax rate change offsetting equivalent and associated accruals of deferred tax benefits reflected in the Tax on Foreign Income line above; 3) of increased Valuation Allowances due to changes in judgment regarding the ability to use certain Deferred Tax Assets which existed at the beginning of 2020; and 4) decrease which offsets the true-up effect for the change in estimate of the benefit of net operating losses generated as part of the 2018 restructuring transactions. 
 
 F-32 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Intangibles Tax credit carryforwards Interest carryforwards All other future deductions Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 
 Deferred tax assets (liabilities) at December 31 were classified as follows: 2022 2021 Deferred tax assets: Other assets Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Long-term income taxes ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 We monitor the realizability of our deferred tax assets on a continuous basis. Should macroeconomic and socio-political conditions change or our business operations do not improve, some or all of our remaining deferred tax assets could potentially need to be offset with the recording of a valuation allowance during the next 12 months. 
 At December 31, 2022, the valuation allowance primarily represents amounts for certain foreign tax loss carryforwards, substantially all U.S. deferred tax assets and certain other foreign deferred tax assets. The recognition of deferred tax assets was based on the evaluation of current and estimated future profitability of the operations, reversal of deferred tax liabilities and the likelihood of utilizing tax credit and/or loss carryforwards. Tax planning strategies were also considered and evaluated as support for the realization of deferred tax assets. Where these sources of income existed along with sufficient positive evidence that indicated it was more likely than not that such sources of income could be relied upon, then the deferred tax assets were not reduced by a valuation allowance. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had deferred tax assets of relating to tax credit carryforwards (U.S. foreign tax credits, research and experimentation credits and other tax credits) for which a valuation allowance of has been provided. The tax credit carryforwards consist of U.S. foreign tax credits of which are substantially all subject to expiration between 2023 and 2027; U.S. research and experimentation credits of which are subject to expiration between 2027 and 2042 and other tax credits of which are subject to expiration between 2023 and 2036. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had deferred tax assets of relating to foreign loss carryforwards. The of recognized deferred tax assets includes a reduction for unrecognized tax benefits in accordance with ASU2013-11. The of recognized deferred tax assets are further reduced by a valuation allowance of resulting in a net deferred tax asset of for foreign loss carryforwards. At December 31, 2022, we had recognized deferred tax assets of relating to federal loss carryforwards for which a valuation allowance of has been provided. 
 At December 31, 2022 we had foreign tax loss carryforwards of , of which are not subject to expiration and are subject to expiration between 2023 and 2052. At December 31, 2022, we had federal tax loss carryforwards of which are not subject to expiration. 
 In prior years, we had previously recorded valuation allowances against certain deferred tax assets associated with the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions. We intend to continue maintaining these valuation allowances on our deferred tax assets until there is sufficient evidence to support the reversal of all or some portion of these allowances. Release of the valuation allowance would result in the recognition of certain deferred tax assets and a decrease to income tax expense for the period the release is recorded. However, the exact timing and amount of any such valuation allowance release is subject to change depending on the level of profitability that we are able to achieve. The Company continuously monitors its operational and capital structure changes, business performance, tax planning actions and tax planning strategies that could potentially allow for the recognition 
 F-33 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 of the Company's recognized deferred tax assets could potentially need to be offset with the recording of a valuation allowance in the future. 
 At December 31, 2022, we continue to assert that substantially all of our foreign earnings are indefinitely reinvested. At December 31, 2022 the company s undistributed foreign earnings of approximately billion and would generate an approximate of income tax if repatriated from the local subsidiaries. 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 At December 31, 2022, we had of total gross unrecognized tax benefits of which approximately would favorably impact the provision for income taxes, if recognized. 
 
 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) Reductions due to lapse of statute of limitations ) Reductions due to settlements with tax authorities ) Balance at December 31, 2020 
 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) Reductions due to lapse of statute of limitations ) Reductions due to settlements with tax authorities ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years Reductions due to lapse of statute of limitations Reductions due to settlements with tax authorities Balance at December 31, 2022 

We accrue interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes. We reversed previously recorded expenses for interest and penalties, net of tax of for the year ended December 31, 2022 and accrued interest and penalties, net of taxes of and , for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021 we had and , respectively, recorded for interest and penalties, net of tax benefit. The unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties, were classified within long-term income taxes in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 F-34 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

to within the next twelve months. Substantially all of these unrecognized tax benefits relate to an uncertain tax position resulting from characterization of revenue as indirect tax which is non-taxable rather than revenue that contributed to taxable income. In the past, this lack of recognition of the taxable income also resulted in an increase in net operating losses. In the next twelve months, approximately to of taxable income is anticipated to be triggered by certain legal entity restructurings. The resulting taxable income will be substantially all offset with net operating losses and other deferred tax assets. Approximately of the anticipated reduction in the reserve would favorably impact the provision for income taxes. 
 
 NOTE 10. 
 
 Accounts payable Derivatives not designated as hedges: Foreign exchange forward contracts Prepaid expenses and other Accounts payable Total derivatives 
 
 Derivatives are recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at their fair values. The following table presents the fair value of derivative instruments at December 31, 2021: 
 Asset Liability Balance Sheet Classification Fair Value Balance Sheet Classification Fair Value Derivatives not designated as hedges: Foreign exchange forward contracts Prepaid expenses and other Accounts payable Total derivatives 
 
 F-35 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 and of our debt portfolio at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, was exposed to floating interest rates, which relates to our short term debt portfolio. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 We may use foreign exchange forward contracts to manage a portion of our foreign currency exchange rate exposures. At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding third-party foreign exchange forward contracts with notional amounts totaling approximately for various currencies, all of which were designated as cash flow hedges. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into foreign exchange forward contracts with Natura Co Luxembourg, a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding, to manage a portion of its foreign currency exchange rate exposures. At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding related party foreign exchange forward contracts with notional amounts totaling approximately for various currencies for up to 12 months, of which were designated as cash flow hedges. In addition we had Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable recorded in our Consolidated Balance Sheets associated with these transactions, all of which are expected to be reclassified into earnings within the next 12 months. 
 We may use foreign exchange forward contracts to manage foreign currency exposure of certain balance sheet items. The change in fair value of these items is immediately recognized in earnings and substantially offsets the foreign currency translation impact recognized in earnings relating to the associated balance sheet items. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded gains of and losses of , respectively, in other expense, net in our Consolidated Statements of Operations related to these undesignated foreign exchange forward contracts. 
 Credit Risk of Financial Instruments 
 Our foreign currency derivatives are typically comprised of over-the-counter forward contracts, swaps or options with major international financial institutions. Although our theoretical credit risk is the replacement cost at the then estimated fair value of these instruments, we believe that the risk of incurring credit risk losses is remote and that such losses, if any, would not be material. 
 Non-performance of the counterparties on the balance of all the foreign exchange agreements would not have resulted in any write-off at December 31, 2022. In addition, in the event of non-performance by such counterparties, we would be exposed to market risk on the underlying items being hedged as a result of changes in foreign exchange rates. 
 
 NOTE 11. 
 Total Liabilities: Foreign exchange forward contracts Total 
 The following table presents the fair value hierarchy for those assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2021: 
 F-36 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Total 
 Other than our defined benefit pension and postretirement plan assets, the assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are comprised of foreign exchange forward contracts (see Note 10, Financial Instruments and Risk Management) and available-for-sale securities, which were immaterial at December 31, 2022 and 2021. See Note 13, Employee Benefit Plans, for the fair value hierarchy for our plan assets. The available-for-sale securities include securities held in a trust in order to fund future benefit payments for non-qualified retirement plans (see Note 13, Employee Benefit Plans). 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 Our financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, available-for-sale securities, short-term investments, accounts receivable, debt maturing within one year, accounts payable, long-term debt and foreign exchange forward contracts. The carrying value for cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and short-term investments approximate fair value because of the short-term nature of these instruments. 
 Loans to affiliates of Natura Co maturing within one year Loans to affiliates of Natura Co maturing after one year Debt maturing within one year 
 ) ) ) ) Loans from affiliates of Natura Co maturing within one year ) ) ) ) Long-term debt (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Loans from affiliates of Natura Co maturing after one year ) ) ) ) Foreign exchange forward contracts ) ) 
 (1) The carrying value of long-term debt is presented net of debt issuance costs and includes any related discount or premium, as applicable. 
 The methods and assumptions used to estimate fair value are as follows: 
 Available-for-sale securities - The fair values of these investments were the quoted market prices for issues listed on securities exchanges. 
 Long-term debt - The fair values of our debt and other financing were determined using Level 2 inputs based on indicative market prices. 
 Foreign exchange forward contracts - The fair values of forward contracts were estimated based on quoted forward foreign exchange prices at the reporting date. 
 
 NOTE 12. 
 shares of common stock, which includes additional shares and unused shares under the 2016 Plan as of March 15, 2019, where the maximum number of shares are reduced as follows: (i) in the case of the grant of an award of an option or SAR, by each share subject to such an award and (ii) in the case of the grant of an award payable in shares other than an option or SAR by multiplied by each share subject to such an award. Shares issued under share-based awards will be primarily funded with issuance of new shares. 
 F-37 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 period following each option grant date and have contractual terms. Restricted stock units granted to Associates generally vest and settle after . Restricted stock units awarded to non-management directors vest in approximately and settle upon a director's departure from the Board of Directors. Performance restricted stock units generally vest after only upon the satisfaction of certain market or performance conditions. 
 On January 3, 2020, upon the completion of the Transaction with Natura Co, our share-based compensation awards were either cancelled in exchange for the right to receive an amount in cash or converted into an award denominated in Natura Co shares. Subsequent to the Transaction, the 2013 Plan and the 2016 Plan (including under the Amended and Restated 2016 Plan) were replaced by the Natura Co Stock-Based Compensation Plan. 
 Under the Natura Co Stock-Based Compensation Plan, Natura has issued nominal cost options and performance share units ("performance shares" or "PSUs"). Nominal cost options were granted in exchange for Avon restricted stock units and performance restricted stock units and vest as a single tranche in line with the vesting date of the original Avon awards. Nominal cost options will automatically exercise on vest date. Performance share units generally vest after only upon the satisfaction of certain market and/or performance conditions. 
 Total income tax (cost)/ benefit recognized for share-based arrangements ) 
 All of the compensation cost for share based compensation for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was recorded in SG A expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Stock Options 
 During 2019 we granted premium-priced stock options, in which the exercise price was equal to a premium from the closing market price of our stock price at the date of grant. The premium-priced stock options vest on a graded vesting schedule. The fair value of each premium-priced stock option is estimated on the date of grant using a Monte-Carlo simulation. 
 Expected term (2) 
 years Expected Avon volatility (3) 
 Expected dividends 
 (1) The risk-free rate was based upon the rate on a zero coupon U.S. Treasury bill, for periods within the contractual life of the option, in effect at the time of grant. 
 (2) The expected term of the option was based on the vesting terms of the respective option and a contractual life of years. 
 (3) Expected Avon volatility was based on the daily historical volatility of our stock price, over a period similar to the expected life of the option. 
 The weighted-average grant-date fair value per share of options granted was . 
 On January 3, 2020, upon the completion of the Transaction with Natura Co, each of the approximately million outstanding stock options, whether or not then vested or exercisable, was automatically canceled in exchange for the right to receive an amount in cash, without interest, equal to the number of Avon Common Shares underlying such stock option immediately prior to the effective time of the Transaction multiplied by the excess, if any, of the per share cash-out price over the exercise price per share. The per share cash out price was the closing price of an Avon Common Share on the NYSE on the closing date of the Transaction. No amount was payable upon cancellation of stock option with an exercise price per share that is greater than the per share cash-out price. 
 F-38 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 was recognized through equity and of unrecognized compensation expense of the unvested options was accelerated and recorded in SG A expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 We recognized expense on stock options using a graded vesting method, which recognizes the associated expense based on the timing of option vesting dates. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were outstanding stock options as they were cancelled as per above. 
 Restricted Stock Units and Performance Restricted Stock Units 
 During 2019 we granted performance restricted stock units that would vest and settle after based on the relative total shareholder return of our common stock against companies included in the S P 400 index as of the date of grant over a performance period ("2019 PRSUs"). The grant date fair value per share of these awards already reflects the estimated probability of achieving the market condition, and therefore we record the expense ratably over the performance period. 
 The fair value of the PRSUs was estimated on the date of grant using a Monte-Carlo simulation that estimates the fair value based on the Company's share price activity, expected term of the award, risk-free interest rate, expected dividends and the expected volatility of the stock of the Company. 
 Expected Avon volatility (2) 
 Expected average volatility (3) 
 Expected dividends 
 (1) The risk-free rate was based upon the rate on a zero coupon U.S. Treasury bill, for periods within the performance period, in effect at the time of grant. 
 (2) Expected Avon volatility was based on the weekly historical volatility of our stock price, over a period similar to the performance period of the 2019 PRSUs. 
 (3) Expected average volatility was based on the weekly historical volatility of the stock prices of each member of companies included in the S P 400 index as of the date of the grant, over a period similar to the performance period of the 2019 PRSUs. 
 The weighted-average grant-date fair value per share of the 2019 PRSUs was . 
 On January 3, 2020, upon the completion of the Transaction with Natura Co, each of the approximately million outstanding Restricted Stock Units ("RSU") was converted into Natura Co Holding nominal cost options equal to the number of Avon Common Shares subject to each RSU immediately prior to the Transaction multiplied by the Exchange Ratio of . In addition, each of the approximately million outstanding PRSUs was converted into an award denominated in Natura Co Holding Shares, that is subject only to time-based vesting, equal to the number of Avon Common Shares subject to each PRSU immediately prior to the Transaction, giving effect to market conditions that are deemed to be attained, multiplied by the Exchange Ratios of . The terms and conditions, including service conditions but excluding market conditions, applicable to each RSU and PRSU will continue in full force and effect with respect to the nominal cost options as described below. 
 In accordance with ASC 718, Stock-based compensation , we accounted for the modification as a Type I (probable-to-probable) modification and the incremental fair value of approximately will be recognized over the remaining service period of the awards. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were outstanding RSUs and PRUs as they were exchanged for Natura Co Holding Nominal Cost Options. 
 Natura Co Holding options 
 As discussed above, each outstanding Avon RSU and PRSU at the time of the Transaction was exchanged for Natura Co Holding Options. These options vest in a single tranche in line with the original vesting schedule of and will automatically exercise on the vest date. 
 We accounted for the exchange as a Type I (probable-to-probable) modification where the cumulative amount of the compensation cost that should be recognized over the vesting period is the original grant-date fair value plus incremental fair value of resulting from the modification. 
 F-39 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 cost options with a weighted-average grant date fair value of per unit. These 2022 options normally vest in tranches of three and respectively. 
 Granted Exercised ) ) Forfeited ) ) Modified from option to restricted units 1 ) ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 
 We recognize expense over the requisite service period. At December 31, 2022, there was of unrecognized compensation cost related to options outstanding. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Natura Co Holding Performance Share Units (PSUs) and Restricted Share Units (RSUs) 
 On March 27, 2020, Natura Co s Board of Directors approved the new long-term stock-based incentive plan (the Long-Term Incentive Plan for 2020. The Long-Term Incentive Plan consists of the granting of PSUs, the rights of participants in relation to the PSUs will only be fully acquired to the extent that (i) the participant remains continuously linked as an employee of the Company and its subsidiaries until the rd anniversary of the grant date; and (ii) performance conditions are met. For certain participants, there is a different condition for item (i) above, in which of the PSUs granted will be acquired on the 3rd anniversary of the grant date and the remaining will be acquired on the 4th anniversary of the grant date. 
 In 2022, stock options, restricted shares and performance shares were granted pursuant to the Co-Investment Plan or Long Term Incentive Plan . 
 Under the Co-Investment Plan , eligible employees may invest part of their payout from the Profit Share Program in the purchase of Natura Co Holding s shares. Natura Co Holding will then grant awards ("Matching Awards to match such purchased shares on a :1 ratio. The Matching Awards vest in equal installments over , subject to remaining in employment. 
 Under the Long-Term Incentive Plan , Natura Co Holding s shares are awarded to eligible employees. Certain Long-Term Incentive Plan awards are only subject to a requirement to remain in employment over the vesting period, whereas the awards referred to as Performance Shares are subject to both a requirement to remain employed over the vesting period and meeting certain performance conditions. 
 During 2022 and 2021, Natura Co granted and PSUs respectively with a weighted-average grant date fair value of and per unit respectively. 
 Granted Exercised ) ) Forfeited ) ) Modified from option to restricted units (refer footnote 1) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 
 We recognize expense over the requisite service period to the extent that it is expected that the performance conditions are probable of being achieved. At December 31, 2022, there was of unrecognized compensation cost related to the PSUs outstanding. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 1 The original 31 March 2021 grant was of stock options but became a restricted shares award as a result of modification in September 2022. 
 F-40 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 RSUs and PRSUs were exchanged for Restricted Stock. The exchange was done in advance of the Transaction with Natura Co Holding. The Company accounted for the modification as a Type I (probable-to-probable) modification and the incremental fair value of approximately will be recognized over the remaining service period of the awards. The Restricted Stock would vest and settle after from the grant date of the original award. The Company retained and cancelled Restricted Stock to satisfy withholding tax obligations of the grantees. The cancellation resulted in the acceleration and recognition of of compensation cost for the year ended December 31, 2019 and was included as part of the of Transaction related costs. 
 On January 3, 2020, upon the completion of the Transaction with Natura Co, the Restricted Stock outstanding was converted at the exchange ratio of into an award denominated in Natura Co Holding equity. The terms and conditions, including service-based vesting conditions, continue in full force and effect with respect to such award of Natura Co Holding Restricted Stock. 
 During January 2020, it was announced that the employment of certain senior officers of the Company would be terminated, in connection with the Transaction. As a result, Restricted Stock held by these senior officers immediately vested and we recognized approximately relating to the acceleration of unamortized expense. 
 Restricted Stock Units and Performance Restricted Stock Units Funded With Treasury Shares 
 In March 2019 and March 2018, we granted and performance restricted stock units, respectively, that will be funded with treasury shares, outside of the 2016 Plan, in reliance upon the NYSE rules. These performance restricted stock units have a weighted-average grant-date fair value of and for the 2019 and 2018 grants respectively, and would vest and settle at the end of 2020 only upon the satisfaction of certain performance conditions over a performance period. During 2019 ne of these performance restricted stock units vested, and performance restricted stock units were outstanding at December 31, 2019. During 2019 we recognized compensation cost of , for these performance restricted stock units. 
 In February 2018 we granted restricted stock units that will be funded from treasury shares, outside of our shareholder-approved plans, in reliance upon the NYSE rules. The restricted stock units granted in February 2018 have a weighted-average grant-date fair value of and vest and settle in full after . During 2019 none of these restricted stock units vested, and there were restricted stock units outstanding at December 31, 2019. During 2019 we recognized compensation cost of for these restricted stock units. 
 As at December 31, 2019, there were no outstanding RSUs or PRSUs funded with Treasury Shares as they were all exchanged for Avon Restricted Stock. During 2020 all Avon Restricted Stock was exchanged for Natura Restricted Stock, as described above. 
 
 NOTE 13. 
 of eligible compensation and therefore the maximum level provided by Avon is of eligible compensation. We made matching contributions in cash to the UK defined contribution plan of in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020, which follow the same investment allocation that the participant has selected for his or her own contributions. 
 We also offer a qualified defined contribution plan for U.S.-based employees, the Avon Personal Savings Account Plan (the "PSA"), which allows eligible participants to contribute up to of eligible compensation through payroll deductions. We match employee contributions dollar for dollar up to the first of eligible compensation and fifty cents for each dollar contributed from to of eligible compensation. We made matching contributions in cash to the PSA of in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020, which follow the same investment allocation that the participant has selected for his or her own contributions. Prior to the separation of the North America business, the costs associated with the contributions to the PSA were allocated between Discontinued Operations and Global as the plan included both North America and U.S. Corporate Avon associates. See Note 3, Discontinued Operations and Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale. 
 For U.S.-based employees hired on or after January 1, 2015, we made additional contributions to a Retirement Savings Account ("RSA") within the PSA. Such contributions will range from to of a participant's eligible compensation depending on the sum of the participant's age and length of service (as of December 31 of the prior year). Investment of such contributions will follow the same investment allocation that the participant has selected for his or her own contributions to the PSA. A participant will be vested in the RSA generally after three full years of applicable service. 
 Defined Benefit Pension and Postretirement Plans 
 F-41 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 periods. 
 Reconciliation of Benefit Obligations, Plan Assets and Funded Status 
 
 F-42 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) ) ) ) ) ) Service cost ) ) ) ) Interest cost ) ) ) ) ) ) Actuarial gain (loss) Benefits paid Actual expenses and taxes Curtailments ) Settlements Special termination benefits ) Foreign currency changes and other ) Sale of Avon Luxembourg Ending balance ) ) ) ) ) ) Change in Plan Assets: Beginning balance Actual return on plan assets ) ) Company contributions ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Actual expenses and taxes ) ) Settlements ) ) Transfers Foreign currency changes and other ) ) Ending balance Funded Status: Funded status at end of year ) ) ) ) Amount Recognized in Balance Sheet: Other assets Accrued compensation ) ) ) ) ) ) Employee benefit plans liability ) ) ) ) ) ) Net amount recognized ) ) ) ) Pretax Amounts Recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss: 
 Net actuarial loss Prior service (credit) cost ) ) Total pretax amount recognized ) Supplemental Information: Accumulated benefit obligation N/A N/A Plans with Projected Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plan Assets: 
 Projected benefit obligation N/A N/A Fair value plan assets N/A N/A Plans with Accumulated Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plan Assets: 
 Accumulated benefit obligation N/A N/A Fair value plan assets N/A N/A 
 F-43 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 and plan assets of . At December 31, 2021, the PRA had benefit obligations of and plan assets of . We believe we have adequate investments and cash flows to fund the liabilities associated with the unfunded non-qualified plans. The Non-U.S. pension plans include a funded qualified pension plan in the UK. At December 31, 2022, the UK qualified pension plan had benefit obligations of and plan assets of . At December 31, 2021, the UK qualified pension plan had benefit obligations of and plan assets of . 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service credit ) ) ) ) Amortization of net actuarial losses Amortization of transition obligation Settlements/curtailments Special termination benefits ) Net periodic benefit cost 
 ) ) Other Changes in Plan Assets and Benefit Obligations Recognized in Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income: 
 Actuarial losses (gains) ) ) ) ) Prior service cost (credit) ) ) Amortization of prior service credit Amortization of net actuarial losses ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Foreign currency changes ) ) Total recognized in other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) ) ) ) 
 Amounts represent the pre-tax effect classified within other comprehensive loss. The net of tax amounts are classified within our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. 
 Assumptions 
 Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A Interest crediting rate N/A N/A 
 The discount rate used for determining the present value of future pension obligations for each individual defined benefit pension plan is based on a review of bonds that receive a high-quality rating from a recognized rating agency. The discount rates for our more significant plans, including the UK defined benefit pension plan and the PRA, were based on the internal rates of return for a portfolio of high-quality bonds with maturities that are consistent with the projected future benefit payment 
 F-44 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 at December 31, 2022, from at December 31, 2021. 
 Rate of compensation increase 
 N/A N/A N/A Rate of return on assets N/A N/A N/A Interest crediting rate N/A N/A N/A 
 In determining the long-term rates of return, we consider the nature of each plan s investments, an expectation for each plan s investment strategies, historical rates of return and current economic forecasts, among other factors. We generally evaluate the expected rate of return on plan assets annually and adjust as necessary. In determining the net cost for the year ended December 31, 2022, the assumed rate of return on assets globally was , which represents the weighted-average rate of return on all plan assets. 
 A significant portion of our pension plan assets relate to the UK defined benefit pension plan. The assumed rate of return for determining 2022 net periodic benefit cost for the UK defined benefit pension plan was . In addition, the 2022 rate of return assumption for the UK defined benefit pension plan was based on an asset allocation of approximately in liability driven investments, and approximately in equity securities, emerging market debt and high yield securities. In addition to the physical assets, the asset portfolio for the UK defined benefit pension plan has derivative instruments which increase our exposure to fixed income (in order to better match liabilities). 
 Similar assessments were performed in determining rates of return on other non-U.S. defined benefit pension plan assets, to arrive at our weighted-average assumed rate of return of for determining 2022 net cost for all non-US defined benefit pension plan assets. 
 Plan Assets 
 Debt securities Other ) Total 
 
 F-45 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 International equity Emerging markets Fixed Income Securities: Corporate bonds Government securities Other Other Cash Total 
 
 Non-U.S. Pension Plans Asset Category Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Equity Securities: Domestic equity International equity Fixed Income Securities: Corporate bonds Government securities Other Other Cash Derivatives ) ) Real estate Other ) ) Total 

F-46 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 International equity Emerging markets Fixed Income Securities: Corporate bonds Government securities Other Cash Total 

Non-U.S. Pension Plans Asset Category Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Equity Securities: Domestic equity International equity Fixed Income Securities: Corporate bonds Government securities Other Other: Cash Derivatives Real estate Total 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Actual return on plan assets held ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 Investments in equity securities classified as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy are valued at quoted market prices. Investments in equity securities classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy include collective funds that are valued at quoted market prices for non-active securities. Fixed income securities are based on broker quotes for non-active securities. Mutual funds are valued at quoted market prices. Real estate is valued by reference to investment and leasing transactions at similar types of property, supplemented by third party appraisals. Derivative instruments are not publicly traded, and each derivative contract is 
 F-47 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 to to our defined benefit pension and postretirement plans during 2023. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 Postemployment Benefits 
 We provide postemployment benefits, which include salary continuation, severance benefits, disability benefits and continuation of health care benefits to eligible former employees. The accrued cost for such postemployment benefits was at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 and was included in employee benefit plans in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Supplemental Retirement Programs 
 In the U.S., in addition to qualified retirement plans (i.e., the PSA and the PRA), we also maintain unfunded non-qualified plans. We offer a non-qualified deferred compensation plan, the Avon Products, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (the "DCP"), for certain higher paid key employees. The DCP is an unfunded, unsecured plan for which obligations are paid to participants out of our general assets. The DCP allows for the deferral of up to of a participant s base salary, the deferral of up to of incentive compensation bonuses, and the deferral of contributions that would normally have been made to the PSA but are not deferred because the amount was in excess of U.S. Internal Revenue Code limits on contributions to the PSA. Participants 
 F-48 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 permitted investment alternatives. Expense associated with the DCP was in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. The benefit obligation under the DCP was at December 31, 2022, at December 31, 2021 and at December 31, 2020 and was included in other liabilities and accrued compensation in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Transaction triggered a change of control provision in the DCP, resulting in the settlement of the majority of the obligation in 2020. 
 We maintain supplemental retirement programs consisting of the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan of Avon Products, Inc. ("SERP") and the Benefit Restoration Pension Plan of Avon Products, Inc. ("BRP") under which non-qualified supplemental pension benefits are paid to higher paid key employees in addition to amounts received under our qualified defined benefit retirement plan, which is subject to IRS limitations on covered compensation. The SERP has not been offered to new employees in the last ten years, and the BRP is closed to employees hired on or after January 1, 2015 in conjunction with the closure of the PRA. The annual cost of these programs has been included in the determination of the net periodic benefit cost shown previously and amounted to in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. The benefit obligation under these programs was at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 and was included in employee benefit plans and accrued compensation in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 We also maintain a Supplemental Life Plan ("SLIP") under which additional death benefits are provided to certain active and retired officers. The SLIP has not been offered to new officers in over ten years. 
 We established a grantor trust to provide assets that may be used for the benefits payable under the SERP and SLIP. The trust is irrevocable and, although subject to creditors claims, assets contributed to the trust can only be used to pay such benefits with certain exceptions. 
 Cash and cash equivalents Total 
 The assets are recorded at fair market value, except for investments in corporate-owned life insurance policies which are recorded at their cash surrender values as of each balance sheet date, which is a proxy of fair value. Changes in the cash surrender value during the period are recorded as a gain or loss within SG A expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 NOTE 14. 
 
 F-49 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Avon Latin America (2) 
 Total revenue from reportable segments (3) 
 Revenue from affiliates to Natura Co Total revenue Avon Latin America (2) 
 ) ) ) Total (loss) profit from reportable segments (4) (8) 
 ) ) Unallocated global expenses (5) 
 ) ) ) Certain Brazil Indirect taxes (6) 
 ) CTI restructuring initiatives ) ) ) Costs related to the Transaction (7) 
 ) Impairment of goodwill (9) 
 ) Operating (loss) profit 
 ) ) ) 
 , of which related to the settlement of historically recognized revenues. The remaining was recognized as revenue in the second quarter of 2022. 
 (2) 2022 includes the impact of certain Brazil indirect taxes, which was recorded in product sales in the amount of approximately in our Consolidated Income Statements. 2021 includes the impact of certain Brazil indirect taxes, which was recorded in product sales in the amount of approximately in our Consolidated Income Statements. See Note 19 Supplemental Balance Sheet Information. 
 (3) Total revenue from reportable segments also includes revenue from other business activities of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, allocated to Avon International and Avon Latin America segments. Other business activities include revenue from the sale of products to New Avon since the separation of the Company s North America business into New Avon on March 1, 2016 and ongoing royalties from the licensing of our name and products. Previously reported amounts have been allocated to Avon International and Avon Latin America segments to conform to the current year presentation. 
 (4) Total profit from reportable segments also includes profit from other business activities and central expenses allocated to Avon International and Avon Latin America segments. Other business activities of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, include profit from the sale of products to New Avon since the separation of the Company s North America business into New Avon on March 1, 2016 and ongoing royalties from the licensing of our name and products. Central expenses of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, include corporate general and administrative expenses allocated to Avon International and Avon Latin America to the extent they support the operating activity of the segment. Previously reported amounts have been allocated to segments to conform to the current year presentation. 
 (5) For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, unallocated global expenses primarily include stewardship and other expenses not directly attributable to reportable segments. 
 (6) The year ended December 31, 2022 includes the impact of certain Brazil indirect taxes in the amount of . The year ended December 31, 2021 includes the impact of certain Brazil indirect taxes, which were recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses, net in the amounts of approximately . 
 (7) For the year ended December 31, 2020, costs related to the Transaction primarily include professional fees of approximately , severance payments of approximately and acceleration of share based compensation of approximately relating to these terminations triggered by change in control provisions. Refer to Note 20, Merger with Natura Cosm ticos S.A. for more information relating to the Natura transaction. 
 (8) On July 1, 2021, the Company sold Avon Luxembourg, including our Mexican business, to a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding. As a result, from the same date, the results of Avon Luxembourg are no longer included within Avon's 
 F-50 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 was recorded to reduce the carrying amount of goodwill. 
 Avon Latin America (1) 
 Total assets 
 
 (1) On July 1, 2021, the Company sold Avon Luxembourg, including our Mexican business, to a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding. As a result, balances at December 31, 2021 do not include the assets of Avon Luxembourg. Balances at December 31, 2020 include the assets of Avon Luxembourg. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 2022 2021 2020 Avon International Avon Latin America (1) 
 Total capital expenditures 

Avon Latin America (1) 
 Total depreciation and amortization 
 (1) On July 1, 2021, the Company sold Avon Luxembourg, including our Mexican business, to a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding. As a result, from the same date, the results of Avon Luxembourg are no longer included within Avon's consolidated results. The year ended December 31, 2021 includes the results of Avon Luxembourg for the period from January 1 to June 30, 2021. The years ended December 31, 2020 include the results of Avon Luxembourg. 
 Total Revenue by Major Country 
 Mexico (1) 
 All other Total 
 (1) On July 1, 2021, the Company sold Avon Luxembourg, including our Mexican business, to a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding. As a result, from the same date, the results of Avon Luxembourg are no longer included within Avon's consolidated results. The year ended December 31, 2021 includes the results of Avon Luxembourg for the period from January 1 to June 30, 2021. The years ended December 31, 2020 include the results of Avon Luxembourg. 
 Long-Lived Assets by Major Country 
 A major country is defined as one with long-lived assets greater than 10 of consolidated long-lived assets, and also includes our country of domicile (the U.S.). Long-lived assets primarily include property, plant and equipment associated with our 
 F-51 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Brazil Poland Mexico (1) 
 All other Total 
 (1) On July 1, 2021, the Company sold Avon Luxembourg, including our Mexican business, to a subsidiary of Natura Co Holding. As a result, balances at December 31, 2021 do not include the assets of Avon Luxembourg. Balances at December 31, 2020 include the assets of Avon Luxembourg. 

NOTE 15. 
 Finance right-of-use assets Property, Plant and Equipment Total right-of-use assets Liabilities Current Operating lease liabilities Other accrued liabilities Finance lease liabilities Other accrued liabilities Total current lease liabilities Noncurrent Operating lease liabilities Long-term operating lease liability Finance lease liabilities Long-term debt Total noncurrent lease liabilities Total lease liability 

F-52 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Finance lease cost Amortization of right-of-use assets Selling, general and administrative expenses Interest on lease liabilities Interest Expense Short-term leases costs Selling, general and administrative expenses Sublease income (2) 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) Net lease cost 
 
 (1) Includes variable lease costs which are immaterial. These are presented in selling, general and administrative expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 The Company has calculated the weighted-average remaining lease term, presented in years below, and the weighted-average discount rate for our operating and finance lease population. 
 Finance leases Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 F-53 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Operating Cash Flows From Finance Leases Financing Cash Flows From Finance Leases Cash Paid For Amounts Included In Measurement of Liabilities Right-of-use Assets Obtained In Exchange For New Finance Liabilities Right-of-use Assets Obtained In Exchange For New Operating Liabilities 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Later years Total 

NOTE 16. 
 . Open Up Grow replaces and builds on the success of the Open Up Avon strategy, launched in 2018 to strengthen competitiveness through enhancing the representative experience, improving brand position and relevance, accelerating digital expansion and improving costs. Over the next , savings are expected to continue to be achieved through restructuring actions (that may continue to result in charges related to severance, contract terminations and asset write-offs), as well as other cost-savings strategies that would not result in restructuring charges. 
 Costs to Implement Restructuring Initiatives - Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 F-54 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 , of which related to Avon Integration, related to Open Up Grow, and a net benefit of related to the Transformation Plan and other restructuring initiatives, in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, we recorded net costs to implement of , of which related to Avon Integration, related to Open Up Grow, and a net benefit of related to the Transformation Plan and other restructuring initiatives, in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2020, we recorded costs to implement of of which related to Avon Integration, related to Open Up Avon, and a net benefit of related to the Transformation Plan and other restructuring initiatives, in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 ) ) CTI recorded in operating profit - SG A Net charges for employee-related costs, including severance benefits Implementation costs, primarily related to professional service fees Dual running costs Contract termination and other net costs Impairment of other assets Accelerated depreciation Variable lease charges Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment Write-offs CTI recorded in operating profit CTI recorded in other (income) expense Gain on sale of business / assets ) ) Total CTI Avon Integration Open Up Grow Transformation Plan Other ) ) ) 
 The tables below include restructuring costs such as employee-related costs, inventory and asset write-offs, foreign currency translation write-offs and contract terminations, and do not include other costs to implement restructuring initiatives such as professional services fees, dual running costs which are clearly identifiable and directly associated with exit activity such as people cost to perform knowledge transfer or rental costs for building being exited once the new building has become fully operational , accelerated depreciation and gain on sale of business. 
 The liability balance included in other accrued liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheet for the restructuring actions associated with Avon Integration at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is and , respectively, related to employee related costs. 
 
 F-55 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 2021 charges Adjustments ) ) Cash payments ) ) ) Non-cash write-offs ) ) Foreign exchange ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 2022 charges Adjustments Cash payments ) ) ) Non-cash write-offs ) ) Foreign exchange ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 The liability balance included in other accrued liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheet for the restructuring actions associated with our Transformation Plan at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is and , respectively, related to employee related costs. 
 The majority of cash payments, if applicable, associated with the year-end liability are expected to be made during 2023. 
 Estimated charges to be incurred on approved initiatives Total expected charges on approved initiatives Open Up Grow Charges incurred to-date ) Estimated charges to be incurred on approved initiatives Total expected charges on approved initiatives ) Transformation Plan Charges incurred to-date Estimated charges to be incurred on approved initiatives Total expected charges on approved initiatives 
 The charges, net of adjustments, of initiatives under the Open Up Grow and the Transformation Plan, along with the estimated charges expected to be incurred on approved initiatives under the plans, by reportable segment are as follows: 
 F-56 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 2021 ) 2022 Charges incurred to-date Estimated charges to be incurred on approved initiatives 
 Total expected charges on approved initiatives Open Up Grow 2018 2019 2020 ) 2021 2022 Charges incurred to-date Estimated charges to be incurred on approved initiatives 
 Total expected charges on approved initiatives 
 The charges above are not included in segment profit, as this excludes costs to implement restructuring initiatives. The amounts shown in the tables above as charges recorded to-date relate to initiatives that have been approved and recorded in the consolidated financial statements, as the costs are probable and estimable. The amounts shown in the tables above as total expected charges on approved initiatives represent charges recorded to-date plus charges yet to be recorded for approved initiatives as the relevant accounting criteria for recording an expense have not yet been met. 
 On November 3, 2022, the board of directors of Avon Products, Inc. approved a plan to relocate its research and development facilities to Brazil and Poland, two of its largest markets, by the end of its fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2024, in order to further deliver its Global Innovation Program and realize cost efficiencies. As a result, Avon will close its research and development facility in Suffern, New York. The closure of the Suffern facility is expected to be completed by the end of Avon s fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2024. 
 Avon is currently assessing the costs associated with the closure of its research and development facility in Suffern and the relocation of research and development activities to Brazil and Poland. Avon expects to incur total non-recurring restructuring costs in connection with the closure and relocation in the amount of approximately , of which approximately was incurred in the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 and the remainder to be incurred in the fiscal year ending 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025. Avon also expects to incur capital expenditures relating to the infrastructure and facilities in Brazil and Poland totaling approximately , to be incurred in the fiscal years ending December 31, 2023. 
 Following the announcement of the above plan, the remaining useful life and estimated residual value of facility fixed assets were reassessed and on the basis that the facility fixed assets continued to be held in use as a corporate asset, accelerated depreciation of approximately was recognized in the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. If the facility fixed assets were to become classified as held for sale, Avon would expect record a potential impairment charge in the range of and . 
 The restructuring costs described above are preliminary estimates and actual amounts may be materially different from these estimates. Avon may also incur additional charges, non-cash costs, future cash expenditures or impairments not currently contemplated due to events that may occur as a result of, or that are associated with, the Suffern facility closure and the relocation of its research and development facilities to Brazil and Poland. 

F-57 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 17. 
 . As of December 31, 2021, the total disputed amount of was classified as a reasonably possible risk of loss. The change in classification was a result of enactment of new legislation in Brazil in July 2022 which defined the legal term 'Place of Business', this enactment was in alignment with Avon's argument and resulted as a favorable assessment, whilst the change in the total amount was largely due to the new assessment received in June 2022 and movements in foreign exchange rates. 
 Tax on Manufactured Products Decree equated certain commercial companies (not subject to IPI taxation) to industrial companies (IPI taxpayers) 
 In May 2015, an executive decree established the levy of IPI on the sales of cosmetic products by Avon Brazil. Avon Brazil filed an objection to this levy on the basis that it is not constitutional since this tax is already paid by Avon Brazil Manufacturing. In December 2016, Avon Brazil received a favorable decision from the Federal District Court regarding this objection. This decision has been appealed by the Brazilian federal tax authority. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total amount under discussion classified as a reasonably possible risk of loss was and , respectively, with the increase being largely a result of higher interest and taxes due, and movements in foreign exchange rates. 
 Brazilian Financial Indemnities 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has issued a number of guarantees totaling and , respectively, which it could be required to make in the event of adverse judgments in a number of lawsuits in Brazil. 
 Talc-Related Litigation 
 The Company has been named a defendant in numerous personal injury lawsuits filed in U.S. courts, alleging that certain talc products the Company sold in the past were contaminated with asbestos. Many of these actions involve a number of co-defendants from a variety of different industries, including manufacturers of cosmetics and manufacturers of other products that, unlike the Company s products, were designed to contain asbestos. As of December 31, 2022, there were individual active cases pending against the Company, for which associated costs and estimated liabilities have been included in current liabilities of discontinued operations on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. During the three months ended December 31, 2022, new cases were filed and cases were dismissed, settled or otherwise resolved. During the year ended December 31, 2022, new cases were filed and cases were dismissed, settled or otherwise resolved. 
 In December 2022, one case, captioned Chapman, et al. v. Avon Products, Inc., et al ., No. 22STCV05968, resulted in an adverse jury verdict after a trial, with the jury awarding Plaintiffs a total of in compensatory damages and in punitive damages against Avon. The Company believes it has strong grounds for seeking to overturn the verdict in this case and in January 2023 began the process of appealing the verdict by seeking relief from the trial court. On March 1, 2023, following post-trial arguments, the trial court issued a conditional order reducing the compensatory damages award against Avon to . If Plaintiffs reject this reduction, there will be a new trial on the compensatory damages portion of the jury s verdict. Avon will proceed with its appeal of the jury s verdict in any event. 
 We account for these claims in accordance with our loss contingency accounting policy as set out in Note 1: Description of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. The company believes that the claims asserted against us in all of these cases are without merit and is defending vigorously against these claims and will continue to do so. However, additional similar cases arising out of the use of the Company's talc products are reasonably anticipated. Given the inherent uncertainties of litigation, it is not possible to predict the outcome of all individual cases pending against the Company or potential unasserted claims, and therefore a specific estimate and associated provision is made for a small number of individual cases that have advanced to the later stages of legal proceedings. This estimated liability for claims and associated legal costs incurred to date includes an amount for the Chapman case, however taking into consideration the strong grounds for appeal and seeking to overturn the verdict as noted above, should the Company ultimately lose the case, additional amounts representing a significant portion of the original awarded damages could be incurred. 
 F-58 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 and , respectively. Accordingly, we have recognized a liability for this amount. 
 Other Matters 
 Various other lawsuits and claims, arising in the ordinary course of business or related to businesses previously sold, are pending or threatened against Avon. In management s opinion, based on its review of the information available at this time, the total cost of resolving such other contingencies at December 31, 2022, is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 NOTE 18. 
 was recorded to reduce the carrying amount of goodwill. 
 Accumulated impairments ) ) Net balance at December 31, 2021 
 Changes during the period ended December 31, 2022: 
 Impairment ) ) Foreign exchange ) ) ) Gross balance at December 31, 2022 
 Accumulated impairments ) ) ) Net balance at December 31, 2022 

NOTE 19. 
 Receivables other than trade Prepaid brochure costs, paper and other literature Other Prepaid expenses and other 
 
 F-59 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Judicial deposits Net overfunded pension plans (Note 13) Long-term receivables including taxes Trust assets associated with supplemental benefit plans (Note 13) Other Other assets 
 and related to certain Brazil indirect taxes as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the second quarter of 2021, the Brazilian Supreme Federal Court ruled on a motion of clarification that supported the recognition of additional receivable balances related to certain Brazil indirect taxes. As of December 31, 2022, we have recorded our best estimate of the receivable of and will continue to assess the impacts of the ruling. 
 
 NOTE 20. 
 validly issued and allotted, fully paid-up American Depositary Shares of Natura Co Holding, ("Natura Co Holding ADSs") against the deposit of shares of common stock of Natura Co Holding ("Natura Co Holding Shares", subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, and any cash in lieu of fractional Natura Co Holding ADSs or (ii) validly issued and allotted, fully paid-up Natura Co Holding Shares, subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, and any cash in lieu of fractional Natura Co Holding Shares. The Company s Series C Preferred Stock held by Cerberus Investor were converted to common stock prior to consummation of the Transaction and were therefore automatically converted into common stock of Natura Co. 
 Natura Co Holding Shares are listed on the B3 S.A. - Brasil, Bolsa, Balc o stock exchange, and Natura Co Holding ADSs are listed on the NYSE. Additionally, upon the consummation of the Transaction, Avon common stock ceased to be traded on the NYSE. 
 In January 2020, subsequent to the Transaction, the Company restated the certificate of incorporation. The certificate of incorporation was restated to effect a change in capitalization of the Company by changing the number of authorized shares of stock from shares (of which (i) shares, par value per share, are common stock and (ii) shares, par value per share, are preferred stock) to shares of common stock, par value per share. As a result, all of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company, being were canceled and converted into common stock, par value per share, and all outstanding treasury shares were canceled. 
 The Company incurred costs of and in relation to the Transaction, primarily professional fees during the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 During January 2020, it was announced that the employment of certain senior officers of the Company would be terminated, in connection with the Transaction. The Company incurred severance of approximately and acceleration of share based compensation of approximately relating to these terminations triggered by change in control provisions. 
 F-60 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 related to the settlement of stock options. In addition, any remaining restricted stock units and performance restricted stock units were exchanged for awards of Natura Co Holding. The replacement awards contain substantially the same terms and conditions of the original awards except for the removal of the performance conditions. As such, the replacement awards contain only a service vesting condition. 
 On consummation of the Transaction, a deferred compensation scheme relating to former employees of the Company became payable which resulted in extinguishing the liability and a cash outflow of approximately . 
 In January 2020, upon completion of the Transaction, the Company s revolving credit facility was canceled, triggered by change in control provisions. As a result, debt issuance costs of were written off. 
 As a result of the Transaction, the Company will no longer have access to certain tax attributes of approximately to approximately in certain taxing jurisdictions. These tax attributes had been formerly reflected as deferred tax assets which were subject to a full valuation allowance and as a result, there was no impact to net income in 2020 from the write-off of the deferred tax asset and the associated valuation allowances. 

NOTE 21. 
 in order to begin the process of appealing the verdict in Chapman, et al. v. Avon Products, Inc., et al . With the bond in place, the Company is not obligated to pay any damages to Plaintiffs for the duration of the appeals process. The amount of the bond represents a statutory multiple of the damages that the jury awarded to Plaintiffs. 
 On March 1, 2023, following post-trial arguments, the trial court issued a conditional order reducing the compensatory damages award against Avon to . If Plaintiffs reject this reduction, there will be a new trial on the compensatory damages portion of the jury s verdict. Avon will proceed with its appeal of the jury s verdict in any event. 
 See Note 17, Contingencies for further information. 
 F-61 

SCHEDULE II 
 ) (1) Refund liability ) (2) Allowance for inventory obsolescence ) (3) Deferred tax asset valuation allowance 2021 Allowance for doubtful accounts receivable ) (1) Refund liability ) (2) Allowance for inventory obsolescence ) (3) Deferred tax asset valuation allowance ) (4) 2020 Allowance for doubtful accounts receivable ) (1) Refund liability ) (2) Allowance for inventory obsolescence ) (3) Deferred tax asset valuation allowance ) 
 
 (1) Accounts written off, net of recoveries and foreign currency translation adjustment. 
 (2) Returned product reused or destroyed and foreign currency translation adjustment. 
 (3) Obsolete inventory destroyed and foreign currency translation adjustment. 
 (4) Deductions associated with divestiture of Luxembourg Holdings and subsidiaries. 
 F-62 

<EX-10.64>
 2
 ex1064.htm
 EX-10.64

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.64 

 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LICENSE AGREEMENT 
 
 This AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LICENSE 
 AGREEMENT (this Amendment No. 1 ), dated as of June 17, 2022 (the Amendment Date ), is entered into by and among Avon Products, Inc., a New York corporation, Avon International Operations, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Avon NA IP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and The Avon Company (f k a New Avon LLC, f k a C-A NA LLC), a Delaware limited liability company. 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 WHEREAS, the Parties have heretofore entered into that certain Intellectual Property License Agreement dated as of March 1, 2016 (the Agreement 
 
 WHEREAS, the Parties wish to amend the Agreement to reflect the terms and conditions set forth herein and 
 
 WHEREAS, Section 11.08 of the Agreement provides that the Agreement may be amended if, and only if, such amendment is in writing and is signed by the Party against whom such amendment shall be enforced. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements set forth herein, the Parties, intending to be bound, hereby agree as follows 
 
 1. Definitions . Any capitalized term that is used herein but is not otherwise defined in this Amendment No. 1 shall have the meaning given to such term in the Agreement. 
 
 2 . Amendments . 
 
 (a) Section 2.03(a) of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated in 
 its entirety as follows 
 
 Subject to this Section 2.03, each Licensee may grant sublicenses under the Licensed IP Rights to its Affiliates or to third parties provided that such Licensees may not grant any such sublicense to any Restricted Person. Any sublicense to a Subsidiary shall automatically terminate if the sublicensee ceases to be a Subsidiary of Licensee. 
 
 (b) Section 3.04(a) of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated in 
 its entirety as follows 
 
 Each Licensee agrees that in connection with all uses by such Licensee or permitted sublicensees of the Trademarks or Trademark Extensions included in the Licensed IP Rights, and all products and services offered in connection therewith, such Licensee and any permitted sublicensee (i) shall not make any statements that are misleading as to the quality of the products or services, or that cause confusion with the business or identity of a Person (provided that the use by Licensee and its permitted sublicensees of the Trademarks or Trademark Extensions included in the Licensed IP Rights within the scope of the licenses granted pursuant to this Agreement shall not be deemed to cause confusion as to the business or identity of any Person), 

EXHIBIT 10.64 

 (ii) shall be in compliance with all Judgments, (iii) shall not enter into any agreement that conflicts with, results in any breach of, or constitutes a default under, the terms and conditions of this Agreement, (iv) shall not do, omit to do, or permit to be done, any act that will invalidate any registration of any Trademark, Trademark Extension or other associated IP Rights included in the Licensed IP Rights, (v) shall not do any act that will cause substantial damage to a Specified Quality Brand, provided (A) no Licensee nor any sublicensee shall be deemed to have caused substantial damage to a Specified Quality Brand by exercising its rights under this Agreement, (B) the occurrence of an ordinary adverse event in the conduct of any such Licensee s or sublicensee s business or an act outside the reasonable control of such Licensee or sublicensee cannot be the basis for an allegation of substantial damage under this Section 3.04, (C) upon learning of any act that will cause substantial damage to a Specified Quality Brand, Licensor shall promptly give notice to the applicable Licensee or sublicensee, (D) such Licensee or sublicensee shall have a reasonable period of time to remedy such act before Licensor seeks to enforce any rights under this Agreement in connection with the act that violates Section 3.04 but without limiting Licensor s rights to enforce under this Agreement should that same act violate another section of this Agreement, and (E) the burden to prove substantial damage to a Specified Quality Brand under this Section 3.04 is on the Licensor and must be met by clear and convincing evidence, (vi) shall not file applications to register any Trademarks or design patent registrations that consist in whole or in part of, or are confusingly similar to, the Trademarks or Trademark Extensions included in the Licensed IP Rights, or assist any Person in doing the same, and (vii) shall not contest, challenge, or otherwise take any action adverse to Licensor s ownership of or rights in and to the Trademarks or Trademark Extensions included in the Licensed IP Rights, or assist any Person in doing the same. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the event that any Licensee or sublicensee engages in, or conducts, any animal testing with respect to any products or services offered under any Specified Quality Brand, such Licensee or sublicensee, as applicable, shall be deemed to have caused substantial damage to such Specified Quality Brand. 
 
 (c)Article VI of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following language as new Section 6.02 of the Agreement 
 
 SECTION 6.02. Right of First Offer . In the event that, during the Term, Avon NA or any of its Affiliates intends, desires or proposes to transfer, assign, sublicense, pledge, create an encumbrance or lien on or otherwise monetize in any manner its rights under any NA Licensed IP Rights (excluding any sublicenses of such NA Licensed IP Rights to Avon NA s Subcontractors) (such rights, collectively, the ROFO Rights and any such transaction, a ROFO-Triggering Transaction ), whether such intent, desire or proposal is independent on the part of Avon NA or related to or arising from receipt by Avon NA of an unsolicited offer to do so, Avon NA shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, provide written notice (an Offer Notice to Avon International that Avon NA intends, desires or proposes to engage in a ROFO-Triggering Transaction (it being understood that (a) such Offer Notice shall set forth all material terms that Avon NA would seek in the event that the rights afforded to Avon International under this Section 6.02 were exercised by Avon International and Avon NA would enter into the ROFO-Triggering Transaction with Avon International (which terms sought by Avon NA and described in such Offer Notice shall be made in good faith and shall not be made with the purpose of frustrating or otherwise circumventing Avon International s rights under this Section 6.02), and (b) in the event the Offer Notice is provided as a result of Avon NA receiving an unsolicited offer to engage in a ROFO- Triggering Transaction, such Offer Notice shall set forth all material terms of such offer). The provision of an Offer Notice shall constitute an offer (the Offer by Avon NA to provide Avon 

EXHIBIT 10.64 

 International such ROFO Rights and engage in the ROFO-Triggering Transaction with Avon International on the terms set forth in such Offer Notice. Avon International shall have a thirty 
 (30) day period commencing on the date the Offer is received by Avon International (the Offer Period in which to accept such Offer and, during the Offer Period (and, during the sixty (60)- period described in the following sentences of this Section 6.02, if applicable), Avon NA shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, (i) reasonably cooperate with Avon International, and reasonably respond to Avon International, with respect to any information reasonably requested by Avon International in order to evaluate the ROFO-Triggering Transaction and (ii) not engage in any manner with respect to or be a party to any ROFO-Triggering Transaction with any Person other than Avon International (including by not making available to any such Person any confidential information with respect to the ROFO Rights). At the same time, Avon International shall, during the Offer Period, use commercially reasonable efforts to evaluate and respond to the Offer in an expeditious manner. In the event that Avon International provides a notice of acceptance of the Offer to Avon NA prior to the expiration of such Offer Period, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith the terms of definitive agreements which shall reasonably reflect the material terms of the Offer. If Avon International fails to notify Avon NA of its acceptance of such Offer prior to the expiration of the Offer Period, or if Avon International accepts the Offer during the Offer Period but the Parties do not agree on and enter into definitive agreements within sixty (60) days following the date of Avon International s notice of acceptance (other than as a result of Avon NA s breach of this Agreement or otherwise acting in bad faith), Avon International shall be deemed to have declined such Offer, in which case Avon NA shall have the right to negotiate and enter into definitive agreements with respect to such ROFO-Triggering Transaction with any third party on identical or more favorable, in the aggregate, as to Avon NA, terms and conditions as were set forth in the Offer Notice. For the avoidance of doubt, Avon NA and Avon International shall comply in all respects with the procedures set forth in this Section 6.02 with respect to any newly proposed ROFO-Triggering Transaction. 
 
 (d) Section 9.02 of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its 
 entirety as follows 
 
 SECTION 9.02 Indemnity by Avon NA. Avon NA shall indemnify and hold harmless Avon International, its Affiliates, equity holders, and each of their Personnel (collectively, Avon International Indemnified Parties and defend such Avon International Indemnified Party, from and against all Losses arising out of or resulting from Claims by any third Person against such Avon International Indemnified Party arising out of (a) any material breach by Avon NA of any of its representations or warranties set forth in this Article IX or of the covenants set forth in Section 6.01 or (b) the conduct or operation by Avon NA of any Restricted Business (all such Claims, together with all Claims that are the subject of the indemnity by Avon NA in Section 2.08(c), hereafter referred to as Avon International Indemnified Claims ). 
 
 (e) Section 9.03 of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its 
 entirety as follows 
 
 SECTION 9.03 Indemnity by Avon International. Avon International shall indemnify and hold harmless Avon NA, its Affiliates and each of their Personnel (collectively, Avon NA Indemnified Parties and defend such Avon NA Indemnified Party, from and against all Losses arising out of or resulting from Claims by any third Person against such Avon NA 

EXHIBIT 10.64 

Indemnified Party arising out of (a) any material breach by Avon International of any of its representations or warranties set forth in this Article IX or of the covenants set forth in Section 6.01, (b) Avon International s exercise of the licenses granted under this Agreement to Avon International, (c) the conduct or operation by Avon International of any Restricted Business, or 
 (d) the operation by Avon International of the Avon International Business from and after the Effective Date, including any product liability Claims or Claims for infringement or misappropriation of any IP Rights (all such Claims, together with all Claims that are the subject of the indemnity by Avon International in Section 2.08(d), hereafter referred to as Avon NA Indemnified Claims ). 
 
 (f) Schedule F of the Agreement is hereby amended by removing Natura Cosmeticos S.A. and replacing it with O Botic rio . 
 
 3. Notices. All notices sent under this Amendment No. 1 shall be treated as notices for the purposes of Section 11.05 of the Agreement and may be delivered as specified therein. The addresses to which notices from Avon NA to Avon International shall be sent are hereby amended as follows 
 
 If from Avon NA to Avon International 
 
 Avon Products, Inc. One Avon Place Suffern, NY 10901 
 Attention General Counsel Email ginny.edwards avon.com 
 with a copy to (which copy alone shall not constitute notice) Avon Products, Inc. 
 Nunn Mills Road 
 Northampton NN1 5PA United Kingdom 
 Attention Legal Department 
 
 4. Conflicts . In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of this Amendment No. 1, on the one hand, and the Agreement (other than this Amendment No. 1), on the other hand, the terms and conditions of this Amendment No. 1 shall govern solely to the extent of any such conflict. 
 
 5. Governing Law . This Amendment No. 1 shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely within such state, without regard to the conflicts of law principles of such state. 
 
 6. Counterparts Effectiveness Third Party Beneficiaries . This Amendment No. 1 may be executed in two or more identical counterparts (including by facsimile or electronic transmission), each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto 
 
 and hereto were upon the same instrument, and shall become effective as of the Amendment Date when one or more counterparts have been signed by each Party and delivered (by facsimile, electronic transmission or otherwise) to the other Parties. Except as expressly set forth in the Agreement, this Amendment No. 1 is for the sole benefit of the Parties and their permitted assigns and nothing expressed or referred to in this Amendment No. 1 will be construed to give any Person, other than the Parties and such permitted assigns, any legal or equitable right, 

EXHIBIT 10.64 

 remedy or claim under or with respect to this Amendment No. 1 or any provision of this Amendment No. 1, whether as third-party beneficiary or otherwise. 
 
 7. Amendments and Waivers. This Amendment No. 1 may be amended or waived if, and only if, such amendment or waiver is in writing and signed by the Party against whom such amendment or waiver shall be enforced. The failure of any Party to exercise any right, power or remedy provided under this Agreement or otherwise available in respect hereof at law or in equity, or to insist upon compliance by any other Party with its obligations hereunder, shall not constitute a waiver by such Party of its right to exercise any such other right, power or remedy or to demand such compliance. 
 
 8. Agreement Otherwise Unchanged . This Amendment No. 1 is limited precisely as written and shall not be deemed to be an amendment to, or waiver of, any other term or condition of the Agreement. Wherever the Agreement is referred to therein, such reference shall be to the Agreement as amended hereby. Except as expressly amended by this Amendment No. 1, all terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect. 
 
 9. Section Headings. The section headings used herein are for reference and convenience only, and shall not enter into the interpretation hereof. 
 
 10. Severability. If any term or other provision of this Amendment No. 1 is or becomes invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced because of any Applicable Law or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Amendment No. 1 shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of this Amendment No. 1 is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any Party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Amendment No. 1 so as to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely as possible in a mutually acceptable manner in order that this Amendment No. 1 be given the effect originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible. 

Signature Page Follows 

EXHIBIT 10.64 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Amendment No. 1 to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the Amendment Date. 

AVON PRODUCTS, INC. 

By 
 Name Ginny Edwards 
 Title VP, General Counsel & Corporate Secretary 

AVON INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS, INC. 

By 
 Name Ginny Edwards Title Director & Secretary 

AVON NA IP LLC 

By 
 Name Ginny Edwards Title Manager 

EXHIBIT 10.64 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to the Intellectual Property License Agreement 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Amendment No. 1 to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the Amendment Date. 

THE AVON COMPANY 

Suk Cha 
 CEO & Chairman 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to the Intellectual Property License Agreement 

</EX-10.64>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Angela Cretu, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Avon Products, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 14, 2023 
 s Angela Cretu Angela Cretu Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Marcin Kopa, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Avon Products, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 14, 2023 
 
 s Marcin Kopa Marcin Kopa Vice President Finance 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Avon Products, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Angela Cretu, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 a. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 a. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date March 14, 2023 

s Angela Cretu Angela Cretu Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Avon Products, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Carl Rogberg, Vice President Finance of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 a. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 a. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date March 14, 2023 

s Marcin Kopa Marcin Kopa Vice President Finance 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 avp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 avp-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 avp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 avp-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 avp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

