<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_1701051_0001558370-23-002153.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12614007</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>270460</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1697533</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4458640</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2218118</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3614427</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-002153.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227143449
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-002153
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		112
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WideOpenWest, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001701051
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CABLE & OTHER PAY TELEVISION SERVICES [4841]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38101
		FILM NUMBER:		23673356

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7887 EAST BELLEVIEW AVENUE, SUITE 1000
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80111
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7204793500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7887 EAST BELLEVIEW AVENUE, SUITE 1000
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80111

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-002153.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 wow-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number: 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was million based on the closing price of 18.21 reported on the New York Stock Exchange. As of February 17, 2023, the number of outstanding shares of common stock was of the registrant was . Documents Incorporated By Reference Information required by Part III is incorporated by reference from Registrant s proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed no later than 120 days after the end of the Registrant s fiscal year ended. 

Table of Contents 
 WIDEOPENWEST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES FORM 10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page PART I Item 1: Business 3 Item 1A: Risk Factors 19 Item 1B: Unresolved Staff Comments 31 Item 2: Properties 31 Item 3: Legal Proceedings 31 Item 4: Mine Safety Disclosures 31 PART II Item 5: Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 32 Item 6: [Reserved] 33 Item 7: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 33 Item 7A: Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 47 Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 47 Item 9: Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 47 Item 9A: Controls and Procedures 47 Item 9B: Other Information 49 Item 9C : Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 49 PART III Item 10: Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 50 Item 11: Executive Compensation 50 Item 12: Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 50 Item 13: Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 50 Item 14: Principal Accountant Fees and Services 50 PART IV Item 15: Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 51 Item 16: Form 10-K Summary 51 This Annual Report on Form 10-K is for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Any statement contained in a prior periodic report shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this Annual Report to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such statement. The Securities and Exchange Commission allows us to incorporate by reference information that we file with them, which means that we can disclose important information by referring you directly to those documents. Information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this Annual Report. References in this Annual Report to WOW, we, us, or our are to WideOpenWest, Inc. and its direct and indirect subsidiaries, unless the context specifies or requires otherwise. 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this Annual Report contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements represent our goals, beliefs, plans and expectations about our prospects for the future and other future events. These statements identify prospective information and can generally be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms believe, expect, anticipate, intend, plan, estimate, seek, will, may, might, should, could, would, project, predict, potential or similar expressions or the negative of these terms. The foregoing is not an exclusive list of all forward-looking statements we make. Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions regarding our business, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Our actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements. They are neither statements of historical fact nor guarantees or assurances of future performance. The matters referred to in the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report may not in fact occur. We caution you therefore against relying on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, without limitation, regional, national or global political, economic, business, competitive, market and regulatory conditions and the following: the ability to retain and further attract customers due to increased competition, resource abilities of competitors, and shifts in the entertainment desires of customers; our ability to respond to rapid technological change, including our ability to develop and deploy new products and technologies; increases in programming and retransmission costs and/or programming exclusivity in favor of our competitors; the disruption or failure of our network information systems or technologies as a result of hacking, viruses, outages or natural disasters in one or more of our geographic markets; the effects of new regulations or regulatory changes on our business; our substantial level of indebtedness, sensitivity to increases in prevailing interest rates and our ability to comply with all covenants in our debt agreements; our ability to procure necessary materials, equipment and services from our vendors in a timely manner in connection with our network expansion initiatives; changes in laws and government regulations that may impact the availability and cost of capital; effects of uncertain economic conditions (e.g., unemployment, decreased disposable income, etc.) which may negatively affect our customers demand or ability to pay for our current and future products and services, other risks referenced in the section of this Annual Report entitled Risk Factors our ability to manage the risks involved in the foregoing; and 
 other factors described from time to time in our reports filed or furnished with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and in particular those factors set forth in the section entitled Risk Factors and other reports subsequently filed with the SEC. All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. We caution you that the important factors referenced above may not contain all of the factors that are important to you. In addition, we cannot assure you that we will realize the results or developments we expect or anticipate or, even if substantially realized, that they will result in the consequences we anticipate or affect us or our operations in the way we expect. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as required by law. If we do update one or more forward-looking statements, there should be no inference that we will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business Overview We are one of the nation s leading broadband providers offering an expansive portfolio of advanced services, including high-speed data HSD ), cable television Video ), and digital telephony Telephony services to residential customers and offer a full range of products and services to business customers. Our services are delivered across 14 markets via our efficient, advanced hybrid fiber-coax network HFC ). Our footprint covers certain suburban areas within the states of Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Michigan, South Carolina and Tennessee. At December 31, 2022, our broadband networks passed 1.9 million homes and businesses and served 530,600 customers, reflecting a total customer penetration rate of approximately 28 . Our core strategy is to provide outstanding service at affordable prices. We execute this strategy by managing our operations to focus on continuous network enhancements and our customers. We believe that the customer experience should be reliable, easy and pleasantly surprising, every time. To achieve this customer experience, we operate one of the most technically advanced and high-performing networks in the industry. We operate under a broadband first strategy. Our advanced network offers HSD speeds up to 1.2 GIG (1200 Mbps) in approximately 99 of our footprint. Led by our robust HSD offering, our products are available either as an individual service or a bundle to residential and business service customers. We believe that HSD represents the greatest opportunity to enhance profitability across our residential and business markets. We manage our network bandwidth to meet the needs of our customers and continue to meet capacity demands as network traffic increases. To meet this objective, we continually invest in our network to ensure speed and reliability, and obtain a better understanding of how customers utilize our network. Through this understanding, we continue to make certain capacity improvements and network enhancements to improve the customer experience; as well as introduce more self-help and self-care options to increase flexibility and choice for our customers. Our Systems and Markets An overview of our markets as of December 31, 2022 is shown below: Homes Coaxial Fiber Total Market Passed Miles Miles Network Miles Detroit, MI 716,500 6,302 2,166 8,468 Pinellas, FL 302,900 3,444 603 4,047 Huntsville, AL 129,100 1,978 476 2,454 Montgomery, AL 105,000 1,306 347 1,653 Augusta, GA 96,500 1,364 498 1,862 Charleston, SC 94,200 1,213 578 1,791 Lansing, MI 92,500 2,059 740 2,799 Columbus, GA 88,700 1,042 313 1,355 Panama City, FL 94,000 972 229 1,201 Knoxville, TN 55,300 766 317 1,083 Newnan, GA 43,800 839 353 1,192 Dothan, AL 34,200 553 214 767 West Point, GA 17,800 339 341 680 Auburn, AL 15,500 193 206 399 1,886,000 22,370 7,381 29,751 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Corporate Information WOW s principal executive offices are located at 7887 East Belleview Avenue, Suite 1000, Englewood, Colorado 80111. WOW s telephone number is (720) 479-3500 and our website is accessible at www.wowway.com. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments thereto, are available on our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been filed. The information posted on our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report. These reports are also available on the Securities and Exchange Commission s website, www.sec.gov. Our Vision and Commitment to Customer Service We believe our vision of connecting people to their world through the WOW experience: reliable, easy and pleasantly surprising, every time is central to our success. This vision influences how we are organized as a company and informs the way we acquire and retain customers. For example, we use a needs-based selling process to recommend products and services that offer the best value to our customers . We keep our customer response activities closely coordinated with all operational aspects of our business, so resources are appropriately allocated and operating efficiencies are optimized. We believe in offering a convenient customer experience by providing self-installation options for certain services and technician service appointments within a two hour window, seven days a week. We use targeted marketing modeling to drive profitable growth and minimize risk of non-pay churn. This analysis is performed at the node level in our network so marketing and sales tactics can drive penetration in a highly targeted manner. We also believe the responsibility for winning new customers extends beyond the sales and marketing department to our entire company. We recognize that customer preferences are continually evolving in response to rapid technological change. We have demonstrated our ability to adapt by delivering a strong customer experience and offering an expansive and competitive product portfolio that showcases our robust broadband network. As a result, approximately 90 of our new customers purchase our HSD-only offerings. We continue to evaluate and evolve our broadband product portfolio based on consumer preferences. Our Service Offerings We offer subscription based HSD, Video and Telephony services in all of our markets. Our service offerings are designed to address the varying needs of customers. The subscription fee is based on the type of services selected and offered to customers either as an individual service or a bundle of services. Residential Services High-Speed Data Services We offer tiered HSD services to residential customers that include high-speed connections to the Internet using cable modems. We offer a connection up to 1.2 GIG (1200 Mbps) in approximately 99 of our footprint. We continue to develop features and products that allow our customers to take advantage of our high-speed data offering. Our data packages generally include the following: specialized technical support 24 hours a day, seven days a week; a home portal page with customizable access to local content, weather, news, sports and financial reports; value-added features such as e-mail accounts; advanced wireless home networking; and a DOCSIS-compliant modem. 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 69 of our customer base subscribed only to our HSD service. We expect the portion of our customer base that subscribes only to our HSD service to continue to rise as broadband utilization increases across every facet of our customers lives. In addition, we fully anticipate new and existing customers to continue to purchase higher speed tiers to support the evolution of how customers consume entertainment content, and the changing environment of where and how customers work and learn. Video Services We offer our customers a full array of video services and programming choices. Customers generally pay initial connection charges and fixed monthly fees for video service. Our video service offering is comprised of the following: Basic Cable Service: All of our video customers receive a package of limited basic programming, which generally consists of local broadcast television and local community programming, including public, educational and government access channels, and various home shopping networks. The expanded basic level of programming includes approximately 75 channels of satellite-delivered or non-broadcast channels, such as ESPN, MTV, USA, CNN, The Discovery Channel and Nickelodeon. Digital Cable Service, HD channels, and Premiums: This digital level of service includes more than 275 channels of digital programming, including our expanded basic cable service, and more than 40 music channels. We enable value added features to strengthen our competitive position and generate additional revenues, including HD TV, digital video recording DVR ), video on demand VOD and subscription VOD. VOD permits customers to order movies and other programming on demand with DVD-like functions, with thousands of hours of content available for free and on a pay-per-view basis. Subscription VOD is a similar service that has specific content available to customers who subscribe to the underlying associated channel. WOW tv+: WOW tv+ offers a traditional cable video experience plus cloud DVR functionality, voice remote with Google Assistant, and an advanced viewing experience with curated content. WOW tv+ provides Netflix integration along with quick access to dozens of streaming services and apps through the Google Play Store with no change of input required. WOW tv+ is available via rental of a set-top box and may also be accessed through Amazon s Fire TV stick and iOS and Android mobile and tablet devices. Premium Channels: These channels, such as HBO, Showtime, STARZ, STARZ ENCORE and Cinemax, provide commercial-free movies, TV shows, sports and other special event programming and are available as part of a bundle or an additional charge above our expanded basic and digital tiers of service. 
 Our platform enables us to provide an attractive service offering of extensive programming as well as interactive services. Telephony Services We provide residential voice services using Voice over Internet Protocol VoIP ). Our telephony services include local and long-distance telephone services. We offer telephone packages that include different combinations of the following core services: local area calling plans; flat-rate local and long-distance plans; unlimited local and long-distance plans; popular calling features such as caller ID, call waiting, voicemail, call-blocking; and measured and fixed rate toll packages based on usage. 

 5 

Table of Contents 
 Business Services Our broadband network also supports services to business customers and we have developed a full suite of products for small, medium and large local enterprises. We offer the traditional bundled product offering and offer products to meet the more complex high-speed data and telephony needs of medium and large local enterprises. We offer fiber based services, which enable our customers to have enhanced telephony services, data speeds of up to 10 gigabit per second on our fiber network, and office-to-office metro Ethernet services that provide a secure and managed connection between customer locations. Our Hosted Voice product offering can replace customers aging private branch exchange PBX products with telephony and data service that offers more flexible features at a lower cost. In addition, we have a Session Initiated Protocol SIP trunking service. This service is a direct replacement for the traditional telephone service used by large PBX customers and is delivered over our fiber network and terminated via an Ethernet connection at the customer s premise. We have a complete line of colocation infrastructure services, cloud computing, managed backup and recovery services. We serve our business customers by providing customer service and network support 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Pricing for Our Products and Services We employ value based pricing strategies for our subscription HSD, Video and Telephony services. We focus our pricing strategy around our HSD offering and provide the option for HSD customers to purchase Video and Telephony services as part of a bundled service with tiered features and pricing. We believe that our services are priced and featured to meet the demands of a variety of consumers. We typically charge a one-time installation fee which is sometimes waived or discounted during certain sales or promotional periods. Additionally, we charge monthly fees for customer premise equipment utilized in providing the selected service. Our Interactive Broadband Network Our broadband network is critical to the implementation of our operating strategy, allowing us to offer HSD, Video, Telephony, metro ethernet, and other enterprise class services to our customers in an efficient manner and with a high level of quality. In addition to providing high capacity and scalability, our network has been specifically engineered to have increased reliability, including features, where available, such as: redundant fiber routing which enables the rapid, automatic redirection of network traffic in the event of a fiber cut; backup power supplies in our network which ensure continuity of our service in the event of a power outage; and network monitoring to the customer premise ensuring the integrity of our HSD, Video and Telephony services. 
 Technical Overview Our interactive broadband network consists primarily of an advanced hybrid fiber-coaxial HFC cable network. Fiber-optic cable is a communications medium that uses glass fibers to transmit signals over long distances with minimum signal loss or distortion. In most of our network, our system s owned high capacity fiber-optic cables connect to our technical facilities and multiple nodes throughout our network. These nodes are connected to individual homes and buildings by fiber and coaxial cable and are shared by a number of customers. We have sufficient fiber and cable capacity to subdivide our nodes if growth so dictates. Our HFC network has excellent broadband frequency characteristics and physical durability, which is conducive to providing HSD, Video and Telephony transmission. Our interactive broadband network is designed using redundant fiber-optic cables. Our fiber rings are self-healing, which means they provide for very rapid, automatic redirection of network traffic so our service will continue even if there is a single point of failure on a fiber ring. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 We distribute our services from our technical facilities called head-ends, hub sites, and data centers most of which are equipped with a generator and/or battery backup power source to allow service to continue during a power outage. Additionally, most individual nodes served by the facilities are equipped with backup generators and/or batteries. Our redundant fiber-optic cables and network powering systems allow us to provide telephony services consistent with industry reliability standards for traditional telephone systems. We monitor our network 24 hours a day, seven days a week from our network operations centers. Technicians in each of our service areas schedule and perform installations and repairs and monitor the performance of our interactive broadband network. We actively maintain the quality of our network to minimize service interruptions and extend the network s operational life. High-Speed Data Services We provide Internet access using high-speed cable modems or Optical Network Terminals that facilitate the connection to the customer home. We provide our customers with a high level of low latency data transfer rates through multiple peering arrangements with tier-one Internet facility providers. Video Services Our network is designed for digital two-way interactive transmission with fiber-optic cable carrying signals from the head-end to hubs and to distribution points (nodes) within our customers neighborhoods, where the signals are transferred to our coaxial cable network for delivery to our customers. Telephony Services We offer telephony service over our broadband network. We install a network interface box outside a customer s home or an Embedded Multimedia Terminal Adapter in the home to provide dial tone service. Our network interconnects with those of other local phone companies. In addition, we serve our telephony customers using VoIP switching technology. This architecture allows for the same enhanced custom calling services as traditional time division multiplexing switching systems, as well as additional advanced business services such as SIP, hosted PBX services and other services. Business Services In addition to the HSD, Video and Telephony services outlined above, we also utilize our network to provide other business services, including SIP, web hosting, metro Ethernet and wireless backhaul services. We also provide advanced colocation and cloud infrastructure services including private cage or cabinet with high availability power, virtual and physical computing, high performance storage, dedicated firewall/load balancers, private virtual local area network segmentation, disaster recovery to the cloud and backup and archive as a service. Programming We purchase some of our programming directly from the program networks by entering into affiliation agreements with the programming suppliers. We also benefit from our membership with the National Cable Television Cooperative NCTC ), which enables us to take advantage of volume discounts. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 60 of our programming was sourced from the NCTC, which also handles our contracting and billing arrangements for this programming. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Competition We operate in a highly competitive and rapidly-changing environment, competing with both existing communications providers and new entrants that provide similar HSD, Video and Telephony services to subscribers within our operating footprint. We have at least one major cable competitor (typically Comcast Corporation Comcast or Charter Communications Inc. Charter )) in most of our markets and our largest telecommunications competitor is AT T, Inc. AT T ). We believe the reliability and efficiency of our advanced broadband network, as well as the consistent recognition for our commitment to customer service provides meaningful differentiation versus our competitors. High Speed Data Services We primarily face competition from multiple system operators MSO ), fiber-to-the-home FTTH ), wireless broadband offerings, incumbent local exchange carriers ILECs that provide dial-up and DSL services, and other Internet access service providers, including fixed wireless and satellite-based broadband services. We offer HSD speeds up to 1.2 GIG (1200 Mbps) in approximately 99 of our footprint. Several of our competitors, including AT T and Google, have announced similar offerings in their service areas which overlap with a portion of our footprint. We face increasing competition from mobile phone companies, such as AT T, T-Mobile, and Verizon Communications, Inc. Verizon ), which offer fixed or unlimited access to the Internet as a part of mobile service packages. These same mobile phone companies offer fifth generation 5G services. Due to rapidly changing technologies, consumers will continue to have a variety of options to obtain access to the Internet. Video Services Cable television systems are operated under non-exclusive franchises granted by local authorities, which may result in more than one cable operator providing video services in a particular market. Our primary competitors are other fiber and HFC providers, including Charter, Comcast and AT T U-verse, and direct broadcast satellite systems, including DirecTV and Dish Network. In addition, our Video services face increasing competition from companies that deliver video content over Internet connections, referred to as over-the-top or OTT , directly to consumers on televisions, computers, tablets, gaming and mobile devices. These competitors include virtual multichannel video programming distributors V-MVPD ), which aggregate live and on-demand linear television, and direct content distributors, which provide and distribute content directly to customers through an internet-connected device for a subscription fee. Examples of V-MVPD providers include Sling, AT T TV, YouTubeTV, Philo, FuboTV, and Hulu Live. Examples of direct on-demand content distributors include Netflix, Roku, Apple TV+, Amazon Prime, Disney+, Paramount+, Peacock and Hulu Plus. Additionally, some programmers, such as HBO (HBO Max), CBS (CBS All Access) and Discovery (Discovery +), are choosing to deliver content directly to the consumer over the Internet. We believe the movement away from traditional video subscription services will continue to accelerate and further reduce our video subscriber base. We are well positioned to benefit from these trends as customers require a robust Internet connection to efficiently access OTT content, which is increasing demand for our HSD services and resulting in a reduction of programming costs and other costs required to support our Video offering. Telephony Services We mainly compete against wireless, VoIP, and wireline telephone providers. VoIP places and transmits telephone calls over an IP network, such as the Internet, instead of the traditional public switched telephone network. Our primary wireless and VoIP competitors include AT T, Verizon, Charter, Comcast and Frontier. We expect Internet based technology, including video conferencing, instant messaging, smart speakers, home automation and email, to rapidly evolve to include or displace the need for telephony services. Given the continuously changing technology and various communications options, competition will continue to intensify for telephony service subscribers. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Human Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,390 full-time employees. We recruit from several major industries for employees with skills from a plethora of areas to ensure the success of our broadband first strategy. Our compensation and benefit plans are structured to attract and retain high-performing employees. Our people are the most valuable asset we have. As such, in 2022, we launched our hybrid work model, allowing eligible employees the ability to work from home or the office on a voluntary basis. We believe giving our employees more choice increases overall productivity and provides the ability for greater work-life balance. Additionally, we continue to offer an employee funded hardship-relief program and additional paid time off for employees diagnosed with COVID-19. We are committed to the retention and evolution of our hybrid work model and the overall health and wellness of our employees. Compensation Our compensation packages are designed to attract, retain and motivate high-performing employees. The Company reviews and analyzes current market data and participates in annual surveys to ensure its compensation packages are both competitive and generous to ensure the overall well-being of its employees. These packages include market-based salaries and wages, affordable comprehensive health care plans for individuals and families, the ability to contribute to the Company s defined contribution retirement plan, competitive bonus structures, stock grants, and annual merit increases based on overall employee performance. We provide high-quality, comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage for all full-time employees. It is our priority to keep this coverage affordable for our employees and their families. We absorb an average of 81 of the total premium cost for medical, dental, and vision coverage. Additionally, the Company matches 100 of the participant s voluntary contributions into a defined contribution retirement plan up to 3 and 50 of the next 2 subject to a limit of the first 4 of the participant s compensation. Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion We are also committed to fostering, cultivating and preserving a culture of diversity, equity and inclusion. The collective sum of the individual differences, life and work experiences, knowledge, innovation, self-expression, unique capabilities and talent that our employees invest in their work represents a significant part of not only our culture but our reputation and the Company s achievement. Our Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion DEI program reflects our culture and contributes to the Company s strategy by valuing the differences in our employees, customers, investors, and vendors to grow our customer base by further leveraging race, ethnicity, gender, nationality, ability, military status, religion, generation, sexual orientation, diversity of thought, and diversity of perspective. In 2022, we continued to enhance our DEI program by enhancing internal practices and broadening our diversity outreach. A cross functional DEI Ambassador team was established which in turn created an Employee Resource Group ERG dedicated to further developing a culture of inclusion where everyone belongs. Our ERG is an employee-led, self-directed voluntary group that offers opportunities to network internally, to attract a diverse employee base, provide inclusion of ideas and solutions, and create opportunities for mentoring and career development. We also offer multiple company-wide trainings focused on building and maintaining an inclusive workforce. Employee Learning Development We believe building a learning culture is key to employee retention and in cultivating productive and engaged employees focused on continuous improvement. Our utmost goal is to prepare our employees for the future. To achieve this goal, we identify the types of skills and competencies needed to develop our new hires, and seek to re-skill and up-skill all of our employees on a regular basis to best meet the demands of the Company and the industry. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 We offer ongoing instructor-led and self-led training for new hires and all current active employees. Training focus areas include: (i) on-the-job, (ii) business readiness, (iii) skill building or upskilling in a specific functional area, (iv) personal and professional development, and (v) leadership development and management skills. For the year ending December 31, 2022, we provided approximately 27,000 total training hours to our employees. Legislation and Regulation We operate in highly regulated industries and both our cable television and telecommunications services are subject to broad regulation at the federal, state and local levels. Our Internet services have historically been subject to more limited regulation by the Federal Communications Commission FCC ). The following is a summary of laws and regulations affecting the business we operate. It does not purport to be a complete summary of all present and proposed legislation and regulations pertaining to our operations. Regulation of Cable Services The FCC is the principal federal regulatory agency with jurisdiction over cable television operators and services, and has promulgated regulations covering many aspects of cable television operations. The FCC has modified some regulations applicable to our business and is considering further changes, but the full impact of these changes on our business is not yet known. The FCC enforces its regulations through the imposition of monetary fines, the issuance of cease-and-desist orders and/or the imposition of other administrative sanctions. Cable franchises, the principal instrument of governmental authority for our cable television operations, are not issued by the FCC but by states, cities, counties or political subdivisions. A brief summary of certain key federal regulations follows. Rate Regulation The Cable Television Consumer Protection and Competition Act of 1992 1992 Cable Act authorized rate regulation for certain cable services and equipment in certain markets. It also eliminated direct oversight of rates by the FCC and local franchising authorities of all but the basic service tier of cable service. Rate regulation of the basic tier does not apply when a cable operator is subject to effective competition in the relevant community. Under an order issued by the FCC in 2015, cable operators are presumed to be subject to effective competition. That order was appealed to the D.C. Circuit Court, which denied the petition for review. Moreover, some local franchising authorities that could otherwise regulate basic cable rates for cable systems that are not subject to effective competition choose not to do so. We are not currently subject to cable service rate regulation in any of our markets. Program Access To promote competition between incumbent cable operators and independent cable programmers, the 1992 Cable Act placed restrictions on dealings between certain cable programmers and cable operators. Satellite video programmers affiliated with cable operators are prohibited in most cases from favoring those cable operators over competing distributors of multi-channel video programming, such as satellite television operators and unaffiliated competitive cable operators such as us. Specifically, the program access regulations generally prohibit exclusive contracts for satellite cable programming or satellite broadcast programming between any cable operator and any cable-affiliated programming vendor. On October 5, 2012, the FCC adopted and released a Report and Order in which it declined to extend the exclusive contract prohibition section of the program access rules beyond its October 5, 2012 sunset date. The FCC determined that a preemptive prohibition on exclusive contracts is no longer necessary to preserve and protect competition and diversity in the distribution of video programming, but that a case-by-case process will remain in place to assess the impact of individual exclusive contracts. Also, on October 5, 2012, the FCC released a Further Notice of Proposed Rulemaking Program Access FNPRM, requesting comment on revisions to the program access rules pertaining to buying groups and rebuttable presumptions in program access complaint proceedings challenging certain exclusive contracts. The Program Access FNPRM is still pending. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Commercial Leased Access The Communications Act of 1934, as amended (the Communications Act requires that cable operators make a portion of their channel capacity available for commercial leased access by third parties to facilitate competitive programming efforts. The amount of capacity to be provided depends on the cable system s total activated capacity. We have not been subject to many requests for carriage under the leased access rules. In 2019 and 2020, the FCC streamlined aspects of its cable leased access regime, including its calculation of rates. We cannot predict how these rule changes or possible future rule changes might impact our business or the nature of any leased access requests we may receive. Carriage of Broadcast Television Signals The 1992 Cable Act established broadcast signal carriage (so-called must carry requirements that allow local commercial television broadcast stations to elect every three years whether to require the cable systems in the relevant area to carry the station s signal or whether to require the cable system to negotiate for consent to carry the station. The most recent election deadline was October 1, 2020, with elections then taking effect on January 1, 2021. Cable systems are also subject to must-carry obligations for local, non-commercial stations. We now carry most commercial stations pursuant to retransmission consent agreements and pay fees for such consents. The FCC and/or Congress have introduced or are considering certain rules governing the election process and the negotiations of retransmission consent agreements, but we cannot yet assess the impact of these rules on our ability to obtain programming or on our business more generally. Franchise Authority Cable television systems operate pursuant to non-exclusive franchises issued by franchising authorities, which, depending on the specific jurisdiction, can be the states, cities, counties or political subdivisions in which a cable operator provides cable service. Franchising authority is premised upon the cable operator crossing and using public rights-of-way to construct and maintain its system. The terms of franchises, while variable, often include requirements concerning services, franchise fees, service areas, customer service standards, technical requirements, public, educational and government PEG access channels and support, and channel capacity. Franchise authorities may terminate a franchise or assess penalties if the franchised cable operator fails to adhere to the conditions of the franchise. Although largely discretionary, the exercise of state and local franchise authority is limited by federal statutes and regulations adopted pursuant thereto. We believe that the requirements imposed by our franchise agreements are fairly typical for the industry. Although they do vary, our franchises generally provide for the payment of fees to the applicable franchise authority of up to 5 of our gross cable service revenues, which is the current maximum authorized by federal law. Many of our franchises also require that we pay a percentage of our gross revenue in support of PEG channels. These so-called PEG fees vary, but generally do not exceed 2 of our gross cable services revenues. On December 20, 2006, the FCC established rules and provided guidance 2006 Order pursuant to the Communications Act that prohibit local franchising authorities from unreasonably refusing to award competitive franchises for the provision of cable services. In order to eliminate certain barriers to entry into the cable market, and to encourage investment in broadband facilities, the FCC preempted local laws, regulations, and requirements, including local level-playing-field provisions, to the extent they impose greater restrictions on market entry than those adopted under the order. This order has the potential to benefit us by facilitating our ability to obtain and renew cable service franchises. On January 21, 2015, the FCC issued an Order on Reconsideration of the Second Report and Order. The FCC clarified that the franchising rules and findings it extended to incumbent cable operators in the 2006 Order do not apply to state laws governing cable television operators, or to any state-level cable franchising process. In its Second Further Notice of Proposed Rulemaking released September 25, 2018, the FCC sought comment on this conclusion. On August 1, 2019, the FCC adopted a Third Report and Order 2019 Order concluding, among other things, that its franchising rules and findings fully apply to state-level franchising actions and regulations, and limiting the ability of franchising authorities to impose franchise fees and to regulate non-cable services. In May 2021, a federal appeals court largely upheld that decision, reversing only on a discrete issue pertaining to the calculation of franchise fees. We cannot predict how the FCC s rulings concerning franchising will impact our business. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Many state legislatures have enacted legislation streamlining the franchising process, including having the state, instead of local governments, issue franchises. Of particular relevance to us, states with laws streamlining the franchising process or authorizing state-wide or uniform franchises currently include Florida, Georgia, Michigan, South Carolina and Tennessee. In some cases, these laws enable us to expand our operations more rapidly by providing for a streamlined franchising process. At the same time, they enable easier entry by additional providers into our service territories. Franchise Renewal Franchise renewal, or approval for the sale, transfer or assignment of a franchise, may involve the imposition of additional requirements not present in the initial franchise agreement. Franchise renewal is not guaranteed, but federal law imposes certain standards to prohibit the arbitrary denial of franchise renewal. Our franchises are typically issued for 10 to 15 year initial terms, but the terms vary depending upon whether we are operating under a local or state franchise. Many of our existing franchise terms will expire over the course of the next several years, and we operate under some expired franchises. Still, we expect our franchises to be renewed by the relevant franchising authorities. The 2006 Order and 2019 Order discussed under Franchise Authority above, as well as some state laws that regulate the issuance of state video franchises, reduce the potential for unreasonable conditions being imposed upon renewal. Pole Attachments The Communications Act requires all local telephone companies and electric utilities, except those owned by municipalities and co-operatives, to provide cable operators and telecommunications carriers with nondiscriminatory access to poles, ducts, conduit and rights-of-way at just and reasonable rates, except where states have certified to the FCC that they regulate pole access and pole attachment rates. The right to access poles, ducts, conduits and rights-of-way pursuant to regulated rates and set timeframes is highly beneficial to facilities-based providers such as us. Federal law also establishes principles to govern the pricing and terms of such access. Currently, 22 states and the District of Columbia have made certifications to the FCC, which leaves pole attachment matters to be regulated by those states. Of the states in which we operate, Florida and Michigan have made certifications to the FCC. The FCC has clarified that the provision of Internet services by a cable operator does not affect the agency s jurisdiction over pole attachments by that cable operator, nor does the provision of such non-cable services affect the rate formula otherwise applicable to the cable operator. In April 2011, the FCC adopted an order that examined a number of issues involving access to pole attachments by telecommunications carriers, including the rights of ILECs to demand nondiscriminatory access in certain situations, and which attempted to bring the rates that cable operators and telecommunications carriers charge closer to parity. In November 2015, the FCC released another order taking further steps to balance the rates paid by cable operators and telecommunications carriers. The 2015 order was appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 8th Circuit, which upheld the FCC s order. In August 2018, the FCC adopted an order allowing a party adding new attachments to poles in most circumstances to elect one-touch make-ready, meaning the new attacher may move others existing attachments to make room for its new attachment. The 2018 order also established a presumption that for newly negotiated or renewed pole attachment agreements, ILECs must receive comparable rates, terms, and conditions to other telecommunications attachers. The presumption established by the 2018 order was appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit, which rejected the appeal. Regulation of Internet Service In January 2018, the FCC released a decision rescinding various net neutrality requirements governing how broadband Internet access providers were permitted to offer mass market broadband service (the Internet Freedom Order ). As a result, under the current approach, broadband Internet access providers must publicly disclose detailed information regarding their service offerings, Internet traffic management processes, and other practices affecting broadband customers, but are not otherwise limited by federal law in their ability to block, throttle, or prioritize specific types of Internet traffic. The FCC also held that states are preempted (prohibited) from enacting their own versions of these or similar requirements. On October 1, 2019, a federal appeals court upheld most of the FCC s decision, but it directed the agency to give further consideration to several issues and reversed the FCC s blanket preemption of state rules, holding that such state laws could only be prohibited on a case-by-case basis, and only when they conflict with state or federal policy. No party appealed that decision. On October 27, 2020, the FCC adopted a decision reaffirming other aspects of its earlier decision. That decision has been appealed, both in court and before the FCC. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 In the meantime, several states have adopted, or are considering, net neutrality requirements of their own. Some of these are currently subject to legal challenge by broadband providers trade associations in federal court. We cannot predict with any certainty the likely timing or outcome of these or future challenges, or how state efforts to adopt net neutrality requirements will continue to evolve. In addition, the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act IIJA ), which became law on November 15, 2021, directed the FCC to require broadband service providers to display, in the form of labels, certain information regarding their broadband internet access service plans. On November 17, 2022, the FCC released a decision adopting the IIJA s requirements. The decision requires broadband service providers to display, at the point of sale, labels that disclose certain information about broadband prices, introductory rates, data allowances, broadband speeds, and latency. Providers must also include links to information about their network management practices, privacy policies, and the FCC s Affordable Connectivity Program. The FCC established requirements for the label s format and display location to ensure consumers can easily compare a provider s services and services among different providers. These labeling and display rules, however, are not yet in effect. The FCC also is seeking comment on issues related to more comprehensive pricing information, bundled plans, label accessibility for individuals with disabilities, label availability in multiple languages, performance characteristics, service reliability, cybersecurity, network management and privacy, label formatting, and whether providers should submit label information to the FCC. We cannot predict how a future FCC will address internet service regulation. The IIJA also requires the FCC to adopt rules by November 15, 2023 that address broadband digital discrimination of access based on income level, race, ethnicity, color, religion, or national origin. We cannot predict the content of the FCC s rules or how they will impact us. Tier Buy-through The tier buy-through prohibition contained in the 1992 Cable Act generally prohibits cable operators from requiring subscribers to purchase a particular service tier, other than the basic service tier, in order to obtain access to video programming offered on a per-channel or per-program basis. In general, a cable television operator has the right to select the channels and services that are available on its cable system. With the exception of certain channels that are required to be carried by federal law as part of the basic tier, such as certain local broadcast television channels, the cable operator has broad discretion in choosing the channels that will be available and how those channels will be packaged and marketed to subscribers. In order to maximize the number of subscribers, the cable operator selects channels that are likely to appeal to a broad spectrum of viewers. If Congress or the FCC were to place more stringent requirements on how we package our services, such requirements could have an adverse effect on our profitability. The tier buy-through provision does not apply if the cable operator is subject to effective competition. Potential Regulatory Changes The regulation of cable television systems at the federal, state and local levels has substantially changed over the past three decades since enactment of the 1992 Cable Act. Material additional changes in the law and implementing regulatory requirements, both those described above and others, cannot be ascertained with any certainty at this time. Our business could be adversely affected by future changes in regulations. Regulation of Telecommunication Services Our telecommunications services are subject to varying degrees of federal, state and local regulation. Pursuant to the Communications Act, the FCC generally exercises jurisdiction over the facilities of, and the services offered by, telecommunications carriers that provide interstate or international communications services. The FCC has extended many of its regulations that apply to traditional telecommunications service to Internet based, or interconnected VoIP phone services, discussed further below. Barring federal preemption, state regulatory authorities retain jurisdiction over the same facilities to the extent that they are used to provide intrastate telecommunications services, as well as facilities solely used to provide intrastate services. Local regulation is largely limited to the management of the occupation and use of county or municipal public rights-of-way. Various international authorities may also seek to regulate the provision of certain services that originate or terminate outside the U.S. The Internet Freedom Order, discussed above, had reversed the FCC s earlier Open Internet Order and re-characterized broadband Internet access services as information service. Accordingly, broadband internet access service currently is not regulated as a telecommunications service. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Regulation of Local Exchange Operations Our ILEC subsidiaries are regulated by both federal and state agencies. Our interstate products and services and the regulated telecommunications earnings of all of our subsidiaries are subject to federal regulation by the FCC, and our local and intrastate products and services and the derived regulated earnings are subject to regulation by state public service commissions PSC ). The FCC has principal jurisdiction over matters including, but not limited to, interstate switched and special access rates. The FCC also regulates the rates that ILECs and CLECs may charge for the use of their local networks in originating or terminating interstate and international transmissions. PSCs have jurisdiction over matters including local service rates, intrastate access rates and the quality of service. The Communications Act places certain obligations, including those described below, on ILECs to open their networks to competitive providers, as well as heightened interconnection obligations and a duty to make their services available to resellers at a wholesale discount rate. The following are certain obligations that the Communications Act, as implemented by the FCC, place on ILECs, which gives us important rights in the areas where we operate as competitors, and actual or potential obligations where our ILEC subsidiaries operate: Interconnection. Establishes requirements and standards applicable to ILECs that receive requests from other carriers for network interconnection, unbundling of network elements, colocation of equipment and resale, and requires all LECs to enter into mutual compensation arrangements with other for transport and termination of local calls on each other s networks. Reciprocal Compensation. Requires all ILECs and CLECs to complete calls originated by competing local exchange carriers under reciprocal arrangements. Colocation of Equipment. Allows CLECs to install and maintain their own network equipment in ILEC central offices. Local Number Portability. Requires all providers of telecommunications services, as well as providers of interconnected VoIP services, to permit users of telecommunications services to retain their existing telephone numbers without impairment of quality, reliability or convenience when switching from one telecommunications provider to another local provider. Access to Rights-of-Way. Requires telecommunications carriers to permit other carriers access to poles, ducts, conduits and rights-of-way at regulated prices and set time frames. Unbundled Network Elements. Requires ILECs to offer certain parts of their telecommunications networks on an unbundled basis to competitors in certain geographic markets at cost-based rates set by the states. 
 In a series of decisions in 2019 and 2020, the FCC significantly reduced unbundling obligations for ILECs subject to a transition period. The 2020 Order, which phased out unbundling requirements for some types of local loops and dark fiber, remains subject to a pending Petition for Reconsideration. We have entered into PSC approved local interconnection agreements with a variety of telecommunications providers for, among other things, the transport and termination of our local and toll telephone traffic. Some of these agreements have expired; however, we continue to operate on the same rates, terms, and conditions in the interim as we seek to enter into successor agreements. These agreements are subject to changes as a result of changes in laws, regulations and technology, and there is no guarantee that the rates and terms concerning our interconnection agreements with ILECs under which we operate today will be available in the future. Inter-Carrier Compensation Our ILEC subsidiaries currently receive compensation from other telecommunications providers, including long distance companies, for origination of interexchange traffic through network access charges that are established in accordance with state and federal laws. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Several of our subsidiaries are classified by the FCC as non-dominant carriers with respect to both interstate and international long-distance services and competitive local exchange services. As non-dominant carriers, these subsidiaries rates presently are not generally regulated by the FCC, although the rates are still subject to general statutory requirements applicable to all carriers that the rates be just, reasonable and nondiscriminatory. We may file tariffs for certain interstate access charges for these carriers on a permissive basis, but otherwise our interstate services are mandatorily de-tariffed and subject to our ability to enter into relationships with our customers through contracts. Our interstate access services are tariffed and fall within FCC-established benchmarks for such services. Certain of our subsidiaries are regulated by the FCC as dominant carriers in the provision of interstate switched access services. These subsidiaries must file tariffs with the FCC and must provide the FCC with notice prior to changing their rates, terms or conditions of their interstate access services. Each such subsidiary has filed its own tariff or concurred in the tariffs filed by the National Exchange Carrier Association. Regulatory Treatment of VoIP Services A significant part of our telephony line of business is classified by the FCC as VoIP. At this time, the FCC and state regulators have not classified most IP-enabled services as regulated telecommunications services. The FCC, for example, has applied to providers of interconnected VoIP services some of its rules applicable to traditional circuit switched telephone providers, but has yet to issue a ruling determining whether interconnected VoIP services are to be classified as information services (which are subject to little or no regulation) or telecommunications services. The FCC initiated a rulemaking proceeding in 2004 to examine issues relating to the appropriate regulatory classification of IP-enabled services, including VoIP services. We cannot predict when or if the FCC will issue a final decision in this proceeding, although it has issued several decisions in the interim applying certain regulatory requirements to providers of interconnected VoIP services. These requirements include, among others, regulations relating to federal universal service contributions, the confidentiality of customer data and communications, cooperation with law enforcement, discontinuation of service, numbering and number portability, outage reporting, 911 emergency access, 988 National Suicide Prevention Lifeline access, caller ID authentication, and disability access. The FCC has also established certain other requirements that impact our interconnected VoIP services. For example, the FCC requires that we provide certain notices to our VoIP customers concerning the limitations of the services, particularly in connection with the ability of the service (including access to E911) to function in the event of a power outage. Limited regulations also apply to non-interconnected VoIP services. We are also required to offer our customers a back-up power solution to enable the services to continue to function in the event of a power outage. Within our VoIP line of business, we currently comply with all applicable regulations that have been issued by the FCC or state regulatory agencies. Decisions and regulations from similar proceedings in the future could lead to an increase in the costs associated with providing VoIP services. At this time, we are unable to predict the impact, if any, that additional regulatory action on these issues will have on our business. Telemarketing, Robocalls, and Call Blocking Over the last few decades, the FCC has taken various steps to curb unwanted and illegal telephone calls, including restricting the use of automatic telephone dialing systems and artificial or prerecorded voice messages under the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, establishing the Do-Not-Call registry in coordination with the Federal Trade Commission, and permitting voice service providers to block calls in certain circumstances. In 2019, Congress passed the Pallone-Thune Telephone Robocall Abuse Criminal Enforcement and Deterrence Act TRACED Act giving the FCC additional tools to combat robocalls. Since the enactment of the TRACED Act, the FCC has issued various rules and policies with respect to caller ID authentication and call blocking. Significantly, voice service providers were required to implement by June 30, 2021 the STIR/SHAKEN caller ID authentication framework in the Internet Protocol portions of their voice networks, subject to certain extensions. The STIR/SHAKEN framework allows service providers to verify that the caller ID information transmitted with a particular call is accurate, which deters illegally spoofing caller ID information. Among other things, voice providers also were required to file a certification in the FCC s Robocall Mitigation Database RMD certifying whether they had implemented STIR/SHAKEN. They also must adopt affirmative, effective measures to prevent new and renewing customers from using their network to originate illegal calls. Voice service providers and intermediate providers are prohibited from accepting calls directly from a voice service provider and beginning April 11, 2023, from a gateway provider that is not listed in the RMD, and must respond to FCC, law enforcement, and industry efforts to traceback unlawful traffic. We have implemented STIR/SHAKEN and certified to our compliance in the RMD. The 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 FCC has several ongoing proceedings that consider additional measures to combat unwanted and illegal telephone calls. At this time, we are unable to predict the impact, if any, that additional regulatory action on these issues will have on our business. Universal Service The Federal Universal Service Fund USF is a support mechanism established by the FCC to ensure that high quality, affordable telecommunications service is available to all Americans. Pursuant to the FCC s universal service rules, all telecommunications providers and interconnected VoIP providers, including us, must contribute a percentage of their interstate and international end-user telecommunications and interconnected VoIP revenues to the USF. The FCC establishes an industry-wide quarterly contribution factor, which sets the exact percentage that applies for the given quarter. The contribution factor for the first quarter of 2023 is 32.6 of gross assessable interstate and international telecommunications and interconnected VoIP revenues. The contribution rate is reviewed quarterly and may increase or decrease, which would either increase or decrease our contributions to the USF. The USF is not materially adverse to our business as we currently choose to recover the cost of the contributions from our end user customers, as allowed by FCC rules. However, climbing USF contributions may negatively impact our end users because they effectively make our products more expensive. Broadband Benefit Programs The Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021 established an Emergency Broadband Connectivity Fund of 3.2 billion to help Americans afford internet service during the COVID-19 pandemic. The Act directed the FCC to use the fund to establish an Emergency Broadband Benefit EBB Program, under which eligible low-income households may receive a discount off the cost of broadband service and certain connected devices, and participating providers can receive a reimbursement for such discounts. The EBB Program was set to conclude when the fund was expended or six months after the end of the public health emergency. The FCC adopted rules and policies in February 2021 creating and governing the EBB Program. The Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, which became law on November 15, 2021, created the Affordable Connectivity Program ACP ), a long-term, 14 billion program, to modify and replace the EBB Program. The FCC officially launched the ACP on December 31, 2021, and the FCC adopted final FCC program rules in January 2022. We elected to participate in the EBB, and have continued to participate in the ACP, so that eligible customers can receive discounted broadband services and devices. At this time, we are unable to predict whether the FCC s ACP rules, or any other program changes made by the FCC, will impact our decision to continue to participate in the program or have an impact on our business. Forbearance and Other Relief to Dominant Carriers The Communications Act permits the FCC to forbear from requiring telecommunications carriers to comply with certain of its regulations and provisions of the Communications Act if certain conditions are present that make enforcement of the regulations or statutory provisions unnecessary. Future reduction or elimination of federal regulatory and statutory requirements could free us from regulatory burdens, but might also increase the relative flexibility of our major competitors. As a result of grants of forbearance, for example, our costs (and those of our competitors) of purchasing broadband services from carriers could increase significantly, as the rates, terms and conditions offered in non-tariffed commercial agreements may become less favorable and we may not be able to purchase services from alternative vendors. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Multiple Tenant Properties The FCC has prohibited telecommunications carriers from entering into exclusive access agreements (or enforcing pre-existing exclusive arrangements) with building owners or managers in both commercial and residential multi-tenant environments. The FCC has also adopted rules requiring utilities (including ILEC s) to provide telecommunications carriers (and cable operators) with reasonable and non-discriminatory access to utility-owned or -controlled conduits and rights-of-way in all multiple tenant environments (e.g., apartment buildings, office buildings and campuses) in those states where the state government has not certified to the FCC that it regulates utility pole attachments and rights-of-way matters. These requirements may facilitate our access (as well as the access of competitors) to customers in multi-tenant environments, at least with regard to our provision of telecommunications services. In an order released November 13, 2007, the FCC found that contractual agreements between multiple dwelling unit MDU owners and cable operators that grant exclusive access to the cable operator are proscribed as unfair methods of competition. Under the rule, the FCC prohibits the enforcement of existing exclusivity clauses and the execution of new ones by cable operators and others subject to the relevant statutory provisions. MDUs include a multiple dwelling unit building and any other centrally managed residential real estate development (such as a gated community, mobile home park, or garden apartment complex). These requirements facilitate our access (as well as the access of competitors) to customers in MDU environments, at least with regard to our provision of cable services. They also, however, invalidate any of our existing exclusive access agreements covered by the rules. In 2019, the FCC issued a rulemaking proposal to explore additional actions the FCC could take to facilitate deployment and consumer choice in MDU environments. In February 2022, the FCC adopted new rules prohibiting telecommunications carriers in both commercial and residential multi-tenant environments (MTEs), and multichannel video programming distributors subject to Section 628 of the Communications Act, from entering into exclusive revenue sharing or graduated revenue sharing agreements with an MTE owner. It also required such entities to disclose to tenants or prospective tenants the existence of exclusive marketing arrangements they may have with MTE owners and prohibited sale-and-leaseback arrangements. At this time, we are unable to predict the impact, if any, that these actions will have on our business. Customer Proprietary Network Information and Personally Identifiable Information We are subject to specific customer privacy obligations with respect to our telecommunications, interconnected VoIP and video services. FCC rules protect the privacy of certain information about customers that telecommunications providers, including us, acquire in the course of providing telecommunications and interconnected VoIP services. Such protected information, known as Customer Proprietary Network Information CPNI ), includes information related to the quantity, technological configuration, type, destination and the amount of use of a telecommunications offering. Certain states have also adopted state-specific CPNI rules. The FCC s rules require affected providers to implement policies to notify customers of their rights, take reasonable precautions to protect CPNI and notify law enforcement agencies if a breach of CPNI occurs. If a federal or state regulatory body determines that we have breached the applicable regulations or implemented the FCC s requirements incorrectly, we could be subject to fines or penalties. Section 631 of the Communications Act requires that we protect the privacy of our video customers. In general, that section: (i) requires that cable operators, such as us, notify customers of our obligations and their privacy rights; and (ii) prohibits cable operators from: (a) disclosing cable customer personally identifiable information PII without customer consent, or a court order, except in limited situations; and (b) using the cable system to collect PII without customer consent, unless necessary to provide service or prevent theft of service. Section 631 specifically provides our customers with the right to bring legal action against us if we fail to comply with the statutory requirements. In addition, statutory protections in Section 222 of the Communications Act apply to our telecommunications services. In addition, FCC regulations apply to our use, disclosure, and protection of CPNI associated with our telecommunications and VoIP telephone service. In the Internet Freedom Order, the FCC returned jurisdiction to regulate broadband privacy and data security to the Federal Trade Commission. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Privacy continues to be a major focus of Congress, the Federal Trade Commission, the FCC, the U.S. Department of Commerce and the states. Additional laws, regulations or advisory guidelines could affect our ability to use and share customer information under various additional circumstances. Taxes and Regulatory Fees We are subject to numerous local, state and federal taxes and regulatory fees, including, but not limited to, local sales taxes, franchise fees and PEG fees, FCC regulatory fees and PSC regulatory fees. We have procedures in place to ensure that we properly collect taxes and fees from our customers and remit such taxes and fees to the appropriate entity pursuant to applicable law and/or regulation. If our collection procedures prove to be insufficient or if a taxing, franchise or regulatory authority determines that our remittances were inadequate, we could be required to make additional payments, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Environmental Regulation We are subject to a variety of federal, state, and local environmental, safety and health laws, and regulations, including those governing such matters as the generation, storage, reporting, treatment, handling, remediation, use, disposal and transportation of and exposure to hazardous materials, the emission and discharge of hazardous materials into the atmosphere, the emission of electromagnetic radiation, the protection of wetlands, historic sites and threatened and endangered species, and health and safety. We also may be subject to laws requiring the investigation and cleanup of contamination at sites we own or operate or at third-party waste disposal sites. Such laws often impose joint and strict liability even if the owner or operator did not know of, or was not responsible for, the contamination. We operate several sites in connection with our operations. Our switch sites and some customer premise locations are equipped with backup power sources in the event of an electrical failure. Each of our switch site locations has battery and diesel fuel powered backup generators, and we use batteries to back up some of our customer premise equipment. In addition, some of our sites may have potential contamination risks from historical and surrounding activities. We are not aware of any liability or alleged liability at any owned or operated sites or third-party waste disposal sites that would be expected to have a material adverse effect on us. Franchises As described above, cable television systems generally are constructed and operated under the authority of nonexclusive franchises, granted by local and/or state governmental authorities. Cable system franchises typically contain many conditions, such as time limitations on commencement and completion of system construction, customer service standards including number of channels, the provision of free service to schools and certain other public institutions, the maintenance of insurance and indemnity bonds, the payment of franchise fees and the support of PEG channels. We are currently in the process of seeking renewal of some expired franchises. We anticipate that those franchises will be renewed. Local regulation of cable television operations and franchising matters is limited in part by federal parameters set forth in the Communications Act and the corresponding regulations of the FCC. The FCC has taken steps in recent years toward streamlining the franchising process. See Legislation and Regulation Regulation of Cable Services above. Prior to the scheduled expiration of franchises, we may initiate renewal proceedings with the relevant franchising authorities. The Cable Communications Policy Act of 1984 provides for an orderly franchise renewal process in which the franchising authorities may not unreasonably deny renewals. If a renewal is withheld and the franchising authority takes over operation of the affected cable system or awards the franchise to another party, the franchising authority must pay the cable operator the fair market value of the system. The Cable Communications Policy Act of 1984 also established comprehensive renewal procedures requiring that the renewal application be evaluated on its own merit and not as part of a comparative process with other proposals. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors RISK FACTORS The most significant risks and uncertainties that we believe affect our business are described below. These risks and uncertainties may not be the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are not aware of or focused on, or risks currently deemed less significant, may also impair business operations. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below together with all of the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes. If any of the risks and uncertainties described below actually occurs, our business, financial condition, operating results or liquidity could be materially adversely affected. Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry We face a wide range of competition, which could negatively affect our business and financial results. Our industry is, and will continue to be, highly competitive. Our principal residential services competitors, including other cable and telecommunications companies, offer services that provide features and functions comparable to the residential high-speed data, video, and/or telephony services that we offer. In most markets, our direct competitors are larger and possess greater resources than we do. In some instances, we compete against companies with fewer regulatory burdens, better access to financing, greater personnel resources, greater resources for marketing, greater brand name recognition, and long-established relationships with regulatory authorities and customers. Increasing consolidation in the cable industry and the repeal of certain ownership rules have provided additional benefits to certain of our competitors, either through access to financing, resources or efficiencies of scale. In some of our operating areas, AT T, Verizon or other incumbent telephone providers have upgraded their networks to carry two-way video, fifth generation 5G high-speed data technology with substantial bandwidth and IP-based telephony services, which they market and sell in bundles, in some cases, along with their wireless services. These telephone incumbents may also offer satellite video as a part of their bundle. Consequently, there are more than two providers of triple-play services in some of our markets. In addition, each of our residential services faces competition from other companies that provide such services on a stand-alone basis. Our residential video service faces competition from other cable and direct broadcast satellite providers that seek to distinguish their services from ours by offering aggressive promotional pricing, exclusive programming, and/or assertions of superior service or offerings. Increasingly, our residential video service also faces competition from companies that deliver content to consumers over the Internet and on mobile devices. This trend could negatively impact customer demand for our residential video service, especially premium channels and VOD services, and could encourage content owners to seek higher license fees from us in order to subsidize their free distribution of content. Our residential high-speed data and telephony services also face competition from wireless Internet and voice providers, and our residential voice service faces competition from other cable providers, over-the-top OTT phone service and other communication alternatives, including texting, social networking and email. Furthermore, due to consumer electronics innovations, consumers are more readily able to watch such Internet-delivered content on television sets and mobile devices, which could lead to additional cord-cutting . We expect these trends to continue in the future. Any inability to compete effectively or an increase in competition could have an adverse effect on our financial results and return on capital expenditures due to possible increases in the cost of acquiring and retaining subscribers and lower per subscriber revenue, could slow or cause a decline in our growth rates and could reduce our revenue. As we expand and introduce new and enhanced services, we may be subject to competition from other providers offering the same services. We cannot predict the extent to which this competition will affect our future business and financial results or return on capital expenditures. Future advances in technology, as well as changes in the marketplace, the economy and in the regulatory and legislative environments, may also result in changes to the competitive landscape. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Our business is characterized by rapid technological change, and if we do not respond appropriately to technological changes, our competitive position may be harmed. We operate in a highly competitive, consumer-driven, rapidly changing technological environment and our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt and exploit new and existing technologies to distinguish our services from those of our competitors. We have invested in advanced technology platforms that support advanced communications services and multiple emerging interactive services, such as VOD, DVR, interactive television, VoIP and pure fiber network services. If we choose technologies or equipment that are less effective, cost-efficient or attractive to our customers than those chosen by our competitors, or if we offer services that fail to appeal to consumers, are not available at competitive prices or that do not function as expected, our competitive position could deteriorate, and our business and financial results could suffer. In addition, we may be required to select one technology over another and may not choose the technology that is the most economic, efficient or attractive to customers. We may also encounter difficulties in implementing new technologies, products and services and may encounter disruptions in service as a result. The ability of our competitors to acquire or develop and introduce new technologies, products and services more quickly than us may adversely affect our competitive position. Furthermore, advances in technology, decreases in the cost of existing technologies or changes in competitors product and service offerings also may require us to make additional future research and development expenditures or to offer at no additional charge, or at a lower price, certain products and services that we currently offer to customers separately or at a premium. In addition, the uncertainty of the costs for obtaining intellectual property rights from third parties could impact our ability to respond to technological advances in a timely manner. Increases in programming and retransmission costs or the inability to obtain popular programming could adversely affect our operations, business, financial condition or results of operations. Programming has been and is expected to continue to be, our largest single operating expense. In recent years, the cable industry has experienced rapid increases in the cost of cable programming, retransmission consent charges for local commercial television broadcast stations and regional sports programming. We expect these trends to continue. As compared to large national providers, our relatively modest base of subscribers limits our ability to negotiate lower programming costs. In addition, as we increase the channel capacity of our systems and add programming to our expanded basic and digital programming tiers, we may face additional market constraints on our ability to pass programming cost increases on to our customers. Furthermore, content providers may be unwilling to enter into distribution arrangements on acceptable terms and owners of non-broadcast video programming content may enter into exclusive distribution arrangements with our competitors. Any inability to pass programming cost increases on to our customers would have an adverse impact on our results of operations and a failure to carry programming that is attractive to our subscribers could adversely impact subscription and advertising revenues. Programming exclusivity in favor of our competitors could adversely affect the demand for our video services. We obtain our programming by entering into contracts or arrangements with programming suppliers. Federal rules restrict cable operators and other multichannel video programming distributors from entering into certain exclusive programming arrangements. A programming supplier, however, could enter into some types of exclusive arrangements with certain of our video competitors, consistent with these rules, that could create a competitive advantage for that competitor by restricting our access to this programming. If our ability to offer popular programming on our cable television systems is restricted by exclusive arrangements between our competitors and programming suppliers, the demand for our video services may be adversely affected and our cost to obtain programming may increase. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 We may encounter substantially increased pole attachment costs. Under federal law, we have the right to attach cables carrying video and other services to telephone and similar poles of privately-owned utilities at regulated rates. However, because these cables may carry services other than video services, such as high-speed data services or new forms of telephony services, some utility pole owners have sought to impose additional fees for pole attachment. If these rates were to increase significantly or unexpectedly, it would cause our network to be more expensive to operate. It could also place us at a competitive disadvantage with respect to video and telecommunications service providers who do not require or who are less dependent upon pole attachments, such as satellite providers and wireless telephony service providers. In April 2011, the FCC enacted revised pole attachment rules to improve the efficiency and reduce the costs of deploying telecommunications, cable and broadband networks in order to accelerate broadband deployment. The formula for calculating the telecommunications attachment rate was revised, lowering the rate and bringing it in-line to the video rate. Many utilities seek to impose the telecommunications rate on us when they carry our services, other than video services, over their attachments. In November 2015, the FCC released another order taking further steps to balance the rates paid by cable operators and telecommunications carriers. Moreover, the appropriate method for calculating pole attachment rates for cable operators that provide VoIP services may continue to be challenged. Some states in which we operate have assumed jurisdiction over the regulation of pole attachment rates, and so the federal regulations and the protections provided in those regulations may not apply in those states. In addition, some of the poles we use are exempt from federal regulation because they are owned by utility cooperatives and/or municipal entities or are otherwise exempt from the pole attachment regulations. Subject to applicable pole attachment access and rate regulations, the entities that own the poles that we attach to and conduits that we access may not renew our existing agreements when they expire, and they may require us to pay substantially increased fees. Some of these pole and conduit owners have recently imposed or are currently seeking to impose substantial rate increases. Any increase in our pole attachment or conduit access rates or inability to secure continued pole attachment and access agreements on commercially reasonable terms could adversely affect our operations, business, financial condition or results of operations. A phase-out of the compulsory copyright license for broadcast programming could adversely affect our ability to carry the programming transmitted by broadcast stations or could increase our programming costs. In exchange for filing reports and contributing a percentage of revenue to a federal copyright royalty pool, we obtain a compulsory copyright license allowing us to retransmit copyrighted material contained in broadcast television signals. The U.S. Copyright Office, the U.S. Government Accountability Office and the FCC all issued reports to Congress in 2011 that generally supported an eventual phase-out of the compulsory licenses. Such a change, if made, could adversely affect the ability of our cable television systems to obtain programming carried by broadcast television stations, and could increase the cost of such programming. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Risks related to Our Legal and Regulatory Environment We operate our network under some franchises that may be subject to non-renewal or termination. Our network generally operates pursuant to franchises, permits or licenses typically granted by a municipality or state agency with the authority to grant franchises. Additionally, other state or local governmental entities may exercise control over the use of public rights-of-way. Often, franchises are terminable if the franchisee fails to comply with material terms of the franchise agreement or the local franchise authority s regulations. Although none of our existing franchise or license agreements have been terminated, and we have received no threat of such a termination, one or more local authorities may attempt to take such action. We may not prevail in any judicial or regulatory proceeding to resolve such a dispute. Further, franchises generally have fixed terms and must be renewed periodically. Our franchises are typically issued for 10 to 15 year initial terms, but the terms vary depending upon whether we are operating under a local or state franchise. Many of our existing franchise terms will expire over the course of the next several years, and we operate under some expired franchises. Local franchising authorities may resist granting a renewal if they consider either past performance or the prospective operating proposal to be inadequate. In a number of jurisdictions, local authorities have attempted to impose rights-of-way fees on providers that have been challenged as violating federal law. A number of FCC and judicial decisions have addressed the issues posed by the imposition of rights-of-way fees on CLECs and on video distributors. On August 1, 2019, the FCC adopted an order concluding, among other things, that its franchising rules and findings fully apply to state-level franchising actions and regulations, and limiting the ability of franchising authorities to impose franchise fees and to regulate non-cable services. In May 2021, a federal appeals court largely upheld that decision, reversing only a discrete issue pertaining to the calculation of franchise fees. We cannot predict how the FCC s rulings concerning franchising will impact our business. The local franchising authorities can grant franchises to competitors who may build networks in our market areas. Recent FCC decisions facilitate competitive video entry by limiting the actions that local franchising authorities may take when reviewing applications by new competitors and lessen some of the burdens that can be imposed upon incumbent cable operators with which we ourselves compete. Local franchise authorities have the ability to impose regulatory constraints or requirements on our business, including those that could materially increase our expenses. In the past, local franchise authorities have imposed regulatory constraints on the construction of our network either by local ordinance or as part of the process of granting or renewing a franchise. They have also imposed requirements on the level of customer service that we provide, as well as other requirements. The local franchise authorities in our markets may also impose regulatory constraints or requirements that may be found to be consistent with applicable law, but which could increase the cost of operating our business. Changes in broadcast carriage regulations could impose significant additional costs on us. Federal must carry rules require us to carry some local broadcast television signals on our broadband network that we might not otherwise carry. If the FCC seeks to revise or expand the must carry rules, for example by requiring carriage of multicast signals, we would be forced to carry video programming that we would not otherwise carry, potentially drop more popular programming in order to free capacity for the required programming, decrease our ability to manage our bandwidth efficiently and/or increase our costs, which could make us less competitive. As a result, cable operators, including us, could be placed at a disadvantage versus other multichannel video providers. Potential federal legislation regarding programming packaging, bundling or la carte delivery of programming could fundamentally change the way in which we package and price our services. We cannot predict the outcome of any current or future FCC proceedings or legislation in this area, or the impact of such proceedings on our business at this time. Loss of interconnection arrangements could impair our telephone service. We rely on other companies to connect the calls made by our local telephone customers to the customers of other local telephone providers. These calls are completed because our network is interconnected with the networks of other telecommunications carriers. These interconnection arrangements are mandated by the Communications Act Communications Act ), and the FCC s implementing regulations. It is generally expected that the Communications Act will continue to undergo considerable interpretation and modification, including the FCC s potential forbearance from continuing to enforce carriers statutory and regulatory interconnection obligations, which could have a negative impact on our interconnection agreements. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 It is also possible that further amendments to the Communications Act may be enacted, which could have a negative impact on our interconnection agreements. The contractual arrangements for interconnection generally contain provisions for incorporation of changes in governing law. Thus, future FCC, state PSC and/or court decisions may negatively impact the rates, terms and conditions of the interconnection services that we have obtained and may seek to obtain under these agreements, which could adversely affect our operations, business, financial condition or results of operations. Our ability to compete successfully in the provision of services will depend on the nature and timing of any such legislative changes, regulations and interpretations and whether they are favorable to us or to our competitors. Applicable laws and regulations pertaining to our industry are subject to change. We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations at the federal, state, and local jurisdictions in which we operate. Specifically, we are subject to regulation of our video services relating to rates, equipment, technologies, programming, levels and types of services, taxes and other charges. The current telecommunications and cable legislation and regulations are complex and in many areas set forth policy objectives to be implemented by regulation at the federal, state and local levels. Additionally, we are subject to environmental safety and health laws and regulations, including those governing such matters as the generation, storage, reporting, treating, handling, remediation, use, transportation and disposal of, and exposure to hazardous materials, the emission and discharge of hazardous materials into the atmosphere, the emission of electromagnetic radiation, the protection of wetlands, historic sites, and threatened and endangered species. Some of our sites have battery and diesel fuel powered backup generators or sources, or may have potential contamination risks from historical or surrounding activities. Under certain environmental laws and regulations, we may be liable for the costs of remediating contamination, regardless of fault, and these costs could be significant. The exact requirements of applicable law are not always clear, and the rules affecting our businesses are always subject to change. For example, the FCC may interpret its rules and regulations in enforcement proceedings in a manner that is inconsistent with the judgments we have made. Likewise, regulators and legislators at all levels of government may sometimes change or forbear from existing rules, or establish new rules. Congress, for example, considers new legislative requirements for cable operators virtually every year, and there is always a risk that such proposals (if unfavorable to us) will ultimately be enacted. In addition, federal, state or local governments and/or tax authorities may change tax laws, regulations or administrative practices that could adversely affect our operations, business, financial condition or results of operations. Net neutrality or other regulation could limit our ability to operate our high-speed data service business profitably and manage our broadband facilities efficiently. In January 2018, the FCC released a decision rescinding various net neutrality requirements governing how broadband Internet access providers were permitted to offer mass market broadband service. As a result, under the current federal approach, broadband Internet access providers must publicly disclose detailed information regarding their service offerings, Internet traffic management processes, and other practices affecting broadband customers, but are not otherwise limited by federal law in their ability to block, throttle, or prioritize specific types of Internet traffic. The FCC also held that states are preempted (prohibited) from enacting their own versions of these or similar requirements. On October 1, 2019, a federal appeals court upheld most of the FCC s decision, but it directed the agency to give further consideration to several issues and reversed the FCC s blanket preemption of state rules, holding that such state laws could only be prohibited on a case-by-case basis, and only when they conflict with state or federal policy. No party appealed that decision. On October 27, 2020, the FCC adopted a decision reaffirming other aspects of its earlier decision. That decision has been appealed, both in court and before the FCC. In the meantime, several states have adopted, or are considering, net neutrality requirements of their own. We cannot predict with any certainty how state efforts to adopt net neutrality requirements will continue to evolve. In addition, on November 17, 2022, the FCC released a decision requiring broadband service providers to display, at the point of sale, labels that disclose certain information about broadband prices, introductory rates, data allowances, broadband speeds, and latency. Providers must also include links to information about their network management practices, privacy policies, and the FCC s Affordable Connectivity Program. These rules are not yet in effect. The FCC is currently seeking comments on issues related to disclosing such additional information. We cannot predict which of the proposed rules will take effect or their future impact on our business. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Regulation may limit our ability to make required investments or adopt business models that are necessary to continue to provide robust high-speed data service. The rising popularity of bandwidth-intensive Internet-based services increases the demand for, and usage of, our high-speed data service. Examples of such services include the delivery of content via streaming technology and by download, peer-to-peer file sharing services and gaming services. We need flexibility to develop pricing and business models that will allow us to respond to changing consumer uses and demands and, if necessary, to invest more capital than currently expected to increase the bandwidth capacity of our systems. Our ability to do so could be restricted by legislative or regulatory efforts associated with net neutrality or other regulations affecting pricing. Rate regulation could materially adversely impact our operations, business, financial results or financial condition. Under current FCC rules, rates for basic service tier BST video service and associated equipment may be regulated where there is no effective competition. Under current FCC rules, cable operators are presumed to be subject to effective competition. In all of the communities we serve, we are not subject to BST video rate regulation, either because the local franchising authority has not asked the FCC for permission to regulate rates due to the lack of effective competition or because of the presumed presence of effective competition. Except for telephony services provided by our operating companies that are ILECs (which are subject to certain rate regulations), there is currently no rate regulation for our other services, including high-speed data and non-ILEC telephony services. It is possible, however, that the FCC or Congress will adopt more extensive rate regulation for our video services or regulate the rates of other services, such as high-speed data, business data (or special access) services and telephony services, which could impede our ability to raise rates, or require rate reductions, and therefore could adversely affect our operations, business, financial condition or results of operations. Our business may be adversely affected by the application of certain regulatory obligations governing the intellectual property rights of third parties or if we cannot continue to license or enforce the intellectual property rights on which our business depends. We rely on patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws and licenses that are proprietary to our business, as well as our key vendors, along with other agreements with our employees, customers, suppliers and other parties, to establish and maintain our intellectual property rights in technology and the products and services used in our operations. However, any of our intellectual property rights could be challenged or invalidated, or such intellectual property rights may not be sufficient to permit us to take advantage of current industry trends or otherwise to provide competitive advantages, which could result in costly redesign efforts, discontinuance of certain product or service offerings or other competitive harm. Claims of intellectual property infringement by third parties under applicable agreements, laws and regulations (including the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998) could require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary liability or be enjoined preliminarily or permanently from further use of the intellectual property in question, which could require us to change our business practices or offerings and limit our ability to compete effectively. Even claims without merit can be time-consuming and costly to defend and may divert management s attention and resources away from our business. Also, because of the rapid pace of technological change, we rely on technologies developed or licensed by third parties, and we may not be able to obtain or continue to obtain licenses from these third parties on reasonable terms, if at all. Our business is subject to numerous federal and state laws and regulations regarding privacy and data protection. Existing laws and regulations are evolving and subject to uncertain interpretation, and new laws and regulations affecting our business have been proposed. These laws and regulations could result in legal claims, changes to our business practices, increased cost of operations, or could otherwise impact our business. As a provider of high-speed data, video and telephony services, we are subject to an array of privacy-related laws and regulations that are constantly evolving and can be subject to significant change. In the course of providing service, we collect certain information about our subscribers and their use of our services. Our collection and use of personally identifiable information about our subscribers is subject to a variety of federal and state privacy requirements, including those imposed specifically on cable operators by Section 631 of the Communications Act. That section generally restricts the nonconsensual collection and disclosure to third parties of cable customers personally identifiable information by cable operators, subject to certain specified exceptions. Several states and numerous local jurisdictions have enacted privacy laws or franchise privacy provisions that apply to cable services. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Section 222 of the Communications Act also governs our use of customer proprietary network information CPNI related to our telecommunications services. In addition, FCC regulations apply to our use, disclosure, and protection of CPNI associated with our telecommunications and VoIP telephone service. In the Restoring Internet Freedom Order, the FCC returned jurisdiction to regulate broadband privacy and data security to the Federal Trade Commission. As we continue to provide interactive and other advanced services, additional privacy considerations may arise. Privacy continues to be a major focus of Congress, the Federal Trade Commission, the FCC, the U.S. Department of Commerce, and the states. Additional laws, regulations, or advisory guidelines could affect our ability to use and share customer information under various additional circumstances or generally increase our operating expenses. We are also subject to state and federal regulations and laws regarding information security. Most of these regulations and laws apply to customer information that could be used to commit identity theft. Nearly all U.S. states and the District of Columbia have enacted some form of security breach notification laws. These laws generally require that we give notice to customers whose personal account information has been disclosed because of a security breach. The Communications Act and FCC rules also impose breach notification and information security requirements, which may require that we give notice to customers of breaches in some circumstances where notice would not be required by state law. Our efforts to protect customer information may be unsuccessful due to the actions of third parties, technical malfunctions, employee error, employee malfeasance, cyber-criminals, state-sponsored espionage or cyberwarfare, or other factors. If any of these events occur, the confidentiality, integrity, or accessibility of our customers information could be compromised, and could subsequently be used, accessed or disclosed improperly. Claims resulting from actual or purported violations of these or other federal or state privacy laws could impact our business. Adverse rulings in privacy-related litigation or regulatory proceedings could cause us to incur significant expense and liability or result in orders or consent decrees forcing us to modify our business practices. Moreover, because many of these privacy and data security laws are relatively new, there is not a robust body of case law to suggest how courts may interpret compliance or assess fines. Finally, any actual or purported incidents involving unauthorized access to or improper use of the information of our customers could damage our reputation and our brand and diminish our competitive position. Regulation of the set-top box market could materially and adversely impact our operations and impose additional costs on us. The FCC has adopted regulations to permit consumers to connect televisions and other consumer electronics equipment through a separate security device directly to digital cable television systems to enable receipt of one-way digital programming without requiring a set-top box. Additional FCC regulations promote the manufacture of plug-and-play TV sets and other equipment that can connect directly to a cable system through these separate security devices, although in September 2020, the FCC eliminated some of these rules. Although we generally require less up-front capital when our customers buy and self-install their own set-top boxes, these regulations could impose substantial costs on us and impair our ability to innovate. If our trade names are not adequately protected, then we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets and our business may be adversely affected. We own some trademarks in connection with the operation of our business. We cannot, however, assure you that we have obtained or can obtain all necessary trademarks to adequately protect our intellectual property. It is possible that a third party could bring suit against us claiming infringement of registered trademarks, and if it did so and if there were a court determination against us, we might then be obligated to pay monetary damages, enter into a license agreement, or cease use of any such marks, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 Tax matters, including the changes in corporate tax rates, disagreements with taxing authorities and imposition of new taxes, including new tax legislation, could impact our results of operations and financial condition. We operate in locations throughout the United States and, as a result, are subject to the tax laws and regulations of federal, state and local governments. From time to time, various legislative and/or administrative initiatives may be proposed that could adversely affect our tax positions. There can be no assurance that our effective tax rate or tax payments will not be adversely affected by these initiatives. As a result of state and local budget shortfalls, certain states and localities have imposed or are considering imposing new or additional taxes or fees on our services or changing the methodologies or base on which certain fees and taxes are computed. Such potential changes include additional taxes or fees on our services which could impact our customers, and combined reporting and other changes to general business taxes, central/unit-level assessment of property taxes and other matters, which could increase our income, franchise, sales, use and/or property tax liabilities. In addition, federal, state and local tax laws and regulations are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. Changes to income tax laws and regulations, or the interpretation of such laws, in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate could impact our effective tax rate and our tax positions. There can be no assurance that our tax positions will not be challenged by relevant tax authorities or that we would be successful in any such challenge. In addition, we have significant NOL carryforwards that are available to offset future operating results, but the availability and value of the NOLs may be impacted by future changes in federal or state law. The FCC and local franchising authorities exercise authority over cable television systems and the FCC and state PSCs exercise authority over telecommunications and VoIP services. The FCC has promulgated regulations covering many aspects of cable television operations. Failure to comply with those regulations could lead the FCC to impose on us monetary fines, cease-and-desist orders and/or other administrative sanctions. The cable franchises that our systems operate under, which are issued by states, cities, counties or other political subdivisions, may contain similar enforcement mechanisms in the event of any failure to comply with the terms of those franchises. The FCC also has promulgated regulations covering the interstate aspects and the regulated telecommunications earnings and VoIP services of our ILEC and CLEC operations. Our local and intrastate products and services and the regulated earnings are subject to regulation by state PSCs. Failure to comply with these regulations could lead the FCC or state PSCs to impose on us monetary fines, cease-and-desist orders and/or other administrative sanctions. These fines, cease-and-desist order and/or other administrative sanctions may adversely affect our operations, business, financial condition or results of operations. Risks Relating to Our Outstanding Indebtedness We have substantial indebtedness, which may increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions and may limit our ability to pursue strategic alternatives and react to changes in our business and industry. We have substantial indebtedness. This amount of indebtedness may: subject us to sensitivity to increases in prevailing interest rates; place us at a disadvantage to competitors with relatively less debt with respect to economic downturns, adverse industry conditions or catastrophic external events; limit our flexibility as a result of our debt service requirements or financial and operational covenants; limit our access to additional capital and other investments in our business; require us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operating activities to make payments on our debt, reducing our funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, and other general corporate expenses; limit our ability to pursue strategic alternatives, including merger or acquisition transactions; and limit our ability to plan for or react to changes in our business and industry. 

 26 

Table of Contents 
 Our ability to comply with the financial and other covenants contained in our debt instruments may be affected by changes in economic or business conditions or other events beyond our control. If we do not comply with these covenants and restrictions, we may be required to take actions such as reducing or delaying capital expenditures, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing all or part of our existing debt, or seeking additional equity capital. Failure to comply could also cause a default, which may result in our substantial indebtedness becoming immediately due and payable and could permit the lenders to foreclose on our assets securing such debt. If such foreclosures were to occur, we would be unable to adequately finance our operations. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful. Our ability to make scheduled payments on our anticipated debt obligations will depend on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to financial, business, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. We might not be able to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures or to dispose of material assets or operations, seek additional debt or equity capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. We may not be able to affect any such alternative measures on commercially reasonable terms or at all and, even if successful, those alternative actions may not allow us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. We expect that the agreements governing our indebtedness could restrict our ability to dispose of assets and use the proceeds from those dispositions and could also restrict our ability to raise debt capital to be used to repay other indebtedness when it becomes due. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain proceeds in an amount sufficient to meet any debt service obligations then due. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our debt obligations, or to refinance our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all, could have a material adverse effect on our operations, business, financial condition or results of operations. Risks Relating to Our Common Stock A significant portion of our common stock will continue to be held by Crestview, whose interests may differ from yours. Crestview owns approximately 36 of our outstanding shares of common stock. Crestview may have interests that are different from or adverse to our other stockholders. For example, Crestview may support proposals and actions with which you may disagree or which are not in your interests or which adversely impact the value of our common stock. Crestview will be able to strongly influence or effectively control our decisions requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors, amendment of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions and, through our Board of Directors, the ability to control decision-making with respect to our business direction and policies. This control could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control in us or changes in management and could also make the approval of certain transactions difficult or impossible without the support of these stockholders, which in turn could reduce the price of our common stock. Under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, Crestview and its affiliates do not have any obligation to present to us, and they may separately pursue, corporate opportunities of which they become aware, even if those opportunities are ones that we would have pursued if granted the opportunity. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Future sales of our common stock, or the perception in the public markets that these sales may occur, may depress our stock price. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales could occur, could adversely affect the price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional shares. We have approximately 86.4 million shares of common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Of these shares, all common stock sold in our initial public offering, except for any shares held by our affiliates, are eligible for sale in the public. All of our shares of common stock currently outstanding may be sold in the public market by existing stockholders subject to applicable volume and other limitations imposed under federal securities laws. Further, holders of approximately 36 of our outstanding common stock have demand and/or piggyback registration rights to require us to register our common stock with the SEC. If we register these shares, the stockholders would be able to sell those shares freely in the public market. In addition, we filed a registration statement registering under the Securities Act the common stock reserved for issuance in respect of incentive awards to our directors, officers and employees. If any of these holders cause a large number of securities to be sold in the public market, the sales could reduce the trading price of our common stock. These sales also could impede our ability to raise capital in the future. Other Risks A prolonged economic downturn, especially any downturn in the housing market, may negatively impact our ability to attract new subscribers and generate increased revenues. We are exposed to risks associated with prevailing economic conditions, which could adversely impact demand for our products and services and have a negative impact on our financial results. In addition, the global financial markets have displayed uncertainty, and at times the equity and credit markets have experienced unexpected volatility, which could cause economic conditions to worsen. The expanded availability of free or lower cost competitive services, such as video streaming over the Internet, combined with substitute services, such as wireless phones, may further reduce consumer demand for our services during periods of weak economic conditions. Our ability to gain new subscribers is partially dependent on growth in occupied housing in our service areas, which is influenced by both national and local economic conditions. If the number of occupied homes in our operating areas declines and/or the number of home foreclosures significantly increases, we may be unable to maintain or increase the number of our subscribers. The demand for our broadband communications services may be lower than we expect. The demand for high-speed data, video and telephony services, either alone or as part of a bundle, cannot readily be determined. Our business could be adversely affected if demand for broadband communications services is materially lower than we expect. Our ability to generate revenue will suffer if the markets for the services we offer, including telephony and high-speed data services, fail to develop, grow more slowly than anticipated or become saturated with competitors. We may not be able to access the credit and capital markets at the times and in the amounts needed and on acceptable terms. From time to time we may need to access the long-term and short-term capital markets to obtain financing. Our access to, and the availability of, financing on acceptable terms and conditions in the future will be impacted by many factors, including our financial performance, our credit ratings or absence of a credit rating, the liquidity of the overall capital markets and the state of the economy. There can be no assurance that we will have access to the capital markets on terms acceptable to us. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 Our reliance on third parties could adversely affect our operations, business, financial condition and results of operations. We are susceptible to risks associated with the potential financial instability of the vendors and third parties on which we rely to provide products and services, or to which we delegate certain functions. Specifically, we depend on third-party suppliers and licensors to supply some of the hardware, software and operational support necessary to provide our services. Some of these vendors represent our sole source of supply or have, either through contract or as a result of intellectual property rights, a position of some exclusivity. If demand exceeds these vendors capacity, they experience operating or financial difficulties, they significantly increase the amount we pay for necessary products or services, or they cease production of any necessary product due to lack of demand, our ability to provide some services may be materially adversely affected. In addition, a general economic downturn, as well as volatility and disruption in the capital and credit markets, could adversely affect vendors and third parties and lead to significant increases in prices, reduction in output or the bankruptcy of our vendors or third parties upon which we rely. Any interruption in the services provided by our vendors or by third parties could adversely affect our operations, business, financial condition or results of operations. Since our business is concentrated in specific geographic locations, our business could be adversely impacted by natural disasters in these areas. We provide our services to areas in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Michigan, South Carolina and Tennessee, which are in the Southeastern and Midwestern regions of the United States. Our success depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our communications services. Our network is attached to poles and other structures in many of our service areas, and our ability to provide service depends on the availability of electric power. A tornado, hurricane, flood, mudslide, earthquake or other natural catastrophe in one of these areas could damage our network, interrupt our service and harm our business in the affected area. In addition, many of our markets are close together, and a single natural catastrophe could damage our network in more than one market. We rely on network and information systems and other technology, and a disruption or failure of such networks, systems or technology as a result of computer viruses, cyber-attacks, misappropriation of data or other malfeasance, as well as outages, accidental releases of information or similar events, may disrupt our business. As network and information systems and other technologies are critical to our operating activities, network or information system shutdowns caused by events such as computer hacking, dissemination of computer viruses, worms and other destructive or disruptive software, cyber-attacks, denial of service attacks and other malicious activity pose increasing risks. Our network and information systems are also vulnerable to damage or interruption from power outages, terrorist attacks and other similar events which could have an adverse impact on us and our customers, including degradation of service, service disruption, excessive call volume to call centers and damage to our network, equipment, data and reputation. The occurrence of such an event also could result in large expenditures necessary to repair or replace such networks or information systems or to protect them from similar events in the future. Significant incidents could result in a disruption of our operations, customer dissatisfaction or a loss of customers or revenues. Furthermore, our operating activities could be subject to risks caused by misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification and accidental release or loss of information maintained in our information technology systems and networks, including customer, personnel and vendor data. We could be exposed to significant costs if such risks were to materialize, and such events could damage the reputation and credibility of our business and have a negative impact on our revenue. We also could be required to expend significant capital and other resources to remedy any such security breach. As a result of the increasing awareness concerning the importance of safeguarding personal information, the potential misuse of such information and legislation that has been adopted or is being considered regarding the protection, privacy and security of personal information, information-related risks are increasing, particularly for businesses like ours that handle a large amount of personal customer data. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Our ability to use our net operating losses to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. In general, under Section 382 Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, a corporation that undergoes an ownership change is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its existing federal and state net operating losses and capital losses. Future changes in our stock ownership, some of which are outside of our control, could result in an additional ownership change under Section 382. Furthermore, our ability to utilize NOLs of companies that we have acquired or may acquire in the future may be subject to limitations. There is also a risk that due to regulatory changes, such as suspensions on the use of NOLs or other unforeseen reasons, our existing NOLs could expire or otherwise be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities, including for state tax purposes. The generation of NOLs subsequent to December 31, 2017 are subject to the Tax Cut and Jobs Act, which removes NOL expirations, but limits utilization against taxable income to 80 . For these reasons, we may not be able to utilize a material portion of the NOLs, even if we continue to remain profitable. We have experienced net losses and may generate net losses in the future. We experienced net losses in the past and may report net losses in the future. In general, these prior net losses have principally resulted from interest expense related to our indebtedness, acquisitions and depreciation and amortization expenses associated with capital expenditures related to expanding and upgrading of our broadband network, as well as impairment charges to certain intangible assets. If we report net losses in the future, these losses may limit our ability to attract needed financing, and to do so on favorable terms, as such losses may prevent some investors from investing in our securities. Public health threats or outbreaks of communicable diseases could have a material adverse effect on the Company s operations and overall financial performance. We may face risks related to public health threats or outbreaks of communicable diseases. A global health crisis, such as coronavirus or COVID-19, could adversely affect the United States and global economies and limit the ability of enterprises to conduct business for an indefinite period of time. A public health crisis may negatively impact the global economy, disrupt financial markets and international trade, and result in increased unemployment levels and impact global supply chains, all of which could have the potential to impact our business. In the event of a public health crisis, government authorities may, from time to time, implement various mitigation measures, including travel restrictions, limitations on business operations, stay-at-home orders and social distancing protocols. The economic impact of the aforementioned actions may impair our ability to sustain sufficient financial liquidity and impact our financial results. Impacts of a public health crisis could: (i) result in an increase in costs related to delayed payments from customers and uncollectable accounts, (ii) cause a reduction in revenue related to waiving late fees and other charges related to governmental regulations, (iii) cause delays and disruptions in the supply chain related to obtaining necessary materials for our network infrastructure or customer premise equipment, (iv) cause workforce disruptions, including the availability of qualified personnel; and (v) cause other unpredictable events. As we cannot predict the probability, duration, or scope of any global health crisis, the anticipated negative financial impact to our operating results cannot be reasonably estimated, but could be material and last for an extended period of time. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments Not Applicable. Item 2. Properties We lease our executive corporate offices in Englewood, Colorado. All of our other real or personal property is owned or leased by our subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries own or lease the fixed assets necessary for the operation of their respective businesses, including office space, headend facilities, cable television and telecommunications distribution equipment, telecommunications switches and customer premise equipment and other property necessary for our subsidiaries operations. The physical components of our broadband networks require maintenance and periodic upgrades to support the new services and products we introduce. Our management believes that our current facilities are suitable and adequate for our business operations for the foreseeable future. Item 3. Legal Proceedings Refer to Note 17 Commitments and Contingencies for a discussion of the Company s legal proceedings. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not Applicable. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information Our common stock has traded on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol WOW since May 25, 2017. Prior to that date, there was no public trading for our common stock. Our IPO was priced at 17.00 per share on May 25, 2017. Holders of our Common Stock As of December 31, 2022, there were 28 holders of record of WOW s common stock. A substantially greater number of holders are beneficial owners whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers and other nominees. The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is American Stock Transfer and Trust. Dividend Policy No dividends have been declared or paid on our shares of common stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings for use in operations of our business, and therefore we do not anticipate paying any cash dividend in the foreseeable future. Performance Graph The performance graph required by Item 5 will be included in WOW s 2023 Proxy Statement (the Proxy Statement under the heading Compensation Discussion and Analysis, or in amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities During 2022, there were no unregistered sales of securities of the registrant. Purchases of Equity Securities by Issuer The following table presents WOW s purchases of equity securities completed during the fourth quarter of 2022 (dollars in millions, except per share data). 

Approximate Dollar Value of Total Number of Shares Shares that May Yet be Number of Shares Average Price Purchased as Part of Publicly Purchased Under the Plans Period Purchased (1) Paid per Share Announced Plans or Programs or Programs (in millions) October 1 - 31, 2022 2,560 13.71 November 1 - 30, 2022 526,537 11.25 525,032 44.1 December 1 - 31, 2022 659,843 9.71 658,119 37.7 

 (1) Includes 2,560, 1,505 and 1,724 shares withheld from employees for the payment of taxes upon the vesting of restricted stock awards for the months of October, November and December 2022, respectively. The balance of the shares were repurchased pursuant to a stock repurchase plan approved by our Board of Directors on October 4, 2022, which authorized us to repurchase up to 50.0 million of our outstanding common stock. The repurchase plan expires in May of 2024. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Item 6. Reserved Not applicable. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion is provided to assist in understanding our Company, operations and current business environment and should be considered a supplement to, and read in conjunction with, the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes included within Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, as well as the discussion of our business and related risk factors in Part I Item 1 Business and Part I Item 1A Risk Factors, respectively. Overview We are one of the nation s leading broadband providers offering an expansive portfolio of advanced services, including high-speed data HSD ), cable television Video ), and digital telephony Telephony services to residential customers and offer a full range of products and services to business customers. Our services are delivered across 14 markets via our efficient, advanced hybrid fiber-coax HFC network. Our footprint covers certain suburban areas within the states of Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Michigan, South Carolina and Tennessee. At December 31, 2022, our broadband networks passed 1.9 million homes and businesses and served 530,600 customers. Our core strategy is to provide outstanding service at affordable prices. We execute this strategy by managing our operations to focus on the customer. We believe that the customer experience should be reliable, easy and pleasantly surprising, every time. To achieve this customer experience, we operate one of the most technically advanced and high-performing networks in the industry. We operate under a broadband first strategy. Our advanced network offers HSD speeds up to 1.2 GIG (1200 Mbps) in approximately 99 of our footprint. Led by our robust HSD offering, our products are available either as an individual service or a bundle to residential and business service customers. Based on our per subscriber economics, we believe that HSD represents the greatest opportunity to enhance profitability across our residential and business markets. We continue to experience strong demand for our HSD service. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the average percentage of HSD only new connections was approximately 87 in line with the corresponding period in 2021. Customers also connected at higher speeds with approximately 71 of HSD only new connections purchasing 500MB or higher speeds during the year ended December 31, 2022, representing an increase of 17 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Throughout 2022, WOW has been focused on expanding its state-of-the-art all IP fiber technology and award-winning customer service to new markets. As such, the Company has been building and marketing its specific greenfield initiatives to expand its network in locations non-adjacent to its existing network. Our current greenfield initiatives include Seminole County and Orange County, Florida and Greenville County, South Carolina, representing thousands of homes passed. Additionally, the Company continues to show its commitment to bringing fast, reliable, affordable broadband services to communities in need as evidenced by our recent announcement regarding our most recent edge-out near Dothan, Alabama, which will bring a robust portfolio of products and services to Headland, Alabama. Key Transactions Impacting Operating Results and Financial Condition Share Repurchase Program On October 4, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase up to 50.0 million of our outstanding common stock. As of December 31, 2022, we repurchased 1.2 million shares for approximately 12.3 million. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 Sale of Service Areas On September 1, 2021, we completed the sale of our Cleveland and Columbus, Ohio markets and on November 1, 2021, we completed the sale of our Chicago, Illinois, Evansville, Indiana and Baltimore, Maryland markets. We utilized the majority of the total net proceeds of 1.8 billion to pay down outstanding debt in the third and fourth quarter of 2021 and to refinance our credit agreement in December of 2021. The divestitures strengthened our financial position and continue to help accelerate our broadband first strategy, which includes additional investments in edge-outs, greenfield initiatives and commercial services. Refinancing of the Term B Loans and Revolving Credit Facility On December 20, 2021, the Company entered into a new secured credit agreement with Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent, collateral agent and issuing bank (the Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement consists of (i) a new Term Loan B in an aggregate principal amount of 730.0 million and (ii) a 250.0 million revolving credit commitment. The Term Loan B matures in December 2028 and bears interest at a rate equal to SOFR plus 3.00 , subject to a 50 basis point floor, and the revolving credit commitment bears interest at a rate equal to SOFR plus 2.75 and matures in December 2026. The Senior Secured Term B loans and Revolving Credit Facility are secured on a first-priority basis by a lien on substantially all of the Company s assets, subject to certain exceptions and permitted liens. Crestview Investment A significant block of the Company s outstanding shares are held by affiliates of Crestview Partners, LLC Crestview ), a private equity firm based in New York. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 36 of our outstanding common shares were held by Crestview. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates In the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, we are required to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that we believe are reasonable based upon the information available, in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). The estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. Critical accounting policies are defined as those policies that are reflective of significant judgments, estimates and uncertainties, which would potentially result in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions. We believe the following accounting policies are the most critical in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements because of the judgment necessary to account for these matters and the significant estimates involved, which are susceptible to change. Property, Plant and Equipment Carrying Value. The net carrying value of our property, plant and equipment was 725.8 million and 722.3 million, representing approximately 42 and 38 of our total assets, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost and include costs associated with the construction of cable transmission and distribution facilities and new service installations at customer locations. Capitalized costs include materials, labor and certain indirect costs attributable to the capitalization activity. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. Upon sale or retirement of an asset, the cost and related depreciation are removed from the related accounts and resulting gains or losses are reflected in operating results. We make judgments regarding the installation and construction activities to be capitalized. We capitalize direct labor associated with capitalizable activities and indirect cost using standards developed from operational data, including the proportionate time to perform a new installation relative to the total technical operations activities and an evaluation of the nature of the indirect costs incurred to support capitalizable activities. Judgment is required to determine the extent to which indirect costs that have been incurred are related to capitalizable activities and, as a result, should be capitalized. Indirect costs include (i) employee benefits and payroll taxes associated with capitalized direct labor, (ii) direct variable costs of installation and construction vehicle costs, (iii) the direct variable 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 costs of support personnel directly involved in assisting with installation activities, such as dispatchers and (iv) other indirect costs directly attributable to capitalizable activities. Impairment of Property, Plant and Equipment . Long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment, are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If the total of the expected undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset, a loss is recognized for the difference between the fair value and the carrying value of the asset. No impairments of long-lived assets were recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Intangible Assets Intangible assets consist primarily of acquired franchise operating rights, franchise related customer relationships and goodwill. Franchise operating rights represent the value attributable to agreements with local franchising authorities, which allows access to homes in the public right of way. Our franchise operating rights were acquired through business combinations. We do not amortize cable franchise operating rights as we have determined that they have an indefinite life. Costs incurred in negotiating and renewing cable franchise agreements are expensed as incurred. Franchise related customer relationships represent the value of the benefit to us of acquiring the existing cable subscriber base and were fully amortized as of December 31, 2021. Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the identifiable net assets we acquired in business combinations. We conduct our cable operations under the authority of state cable television franchises, except in Alabama and parts of Michigan where we continue to operate under local franchises. Our franchises have service terms that vary, but generally last from five to 15 years. All of our term-limited franchise agreements are subject to renewal. The renewal process for our state franchises is specified by state law and tends to be a simple process, requiring the filing of a renewal application with information no more burdensome than that contained in our original application. In our experience, state and local franchising authorities encourage our entry into the market, as our competitive presence often leads to overall better service, more service options and lower prices. In our and our expert advisors experience, it has not been the practice for a franchising authority to deny a cable franchise renewal. We have never had a renewal denied. Franchise Operating Rights. The net carrying value of our franchise operating rights was 585.1 million and 620.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, representing approximately 34 and 33 of total assets, respectively. See Note 6 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further discussion of how we value and evaluate franchise operating rights for impairment. The estimates and assumptions made in our impairment analysis are inherently subject to significant uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, and there is no assurance that these results can be achieved. The primary assumptions for which there is a reasonable possibility of the occurrence of a variation that would significantly affect the measurement value include the assumptions regarding revenue growth, programming expense growth rates, the amount and timing of capital expenditures and the discount rate utilized. We evaluate the recoverability of our franchise operating rights at least annually on October 1, or more frequently whenever events or substantive changes in circumstances indicate that the assets might be impaired. As a result of the 2022 analysis, we identified two franchise operating rights assets in which the fair value was less than the carrying value and recognized an impairment charge equal to the difference. We recognized impairment charges of 35.0 million, nil and 14.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 Goodwill . The net carrying value of goodwill was 225.1 million for both years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, representing approximately 13 and 12 of total assets, respectively. See Note 6 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further discussion of how we value and evaluate goodwill for impairment. Similar to franchise operating rights, we evaluate the recoverability of our goodwill annually on October 1, or more frequently whenever events or substantive changes in circumstances indicate that the assets might be impaired. No such impairment charges were recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 as the result of the annual impairment test indicated the fair value of our goodwill exceeded the carrying value. Income Taxes We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred tax liabilities and assets are determined based on the difference between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the difference is expected to reverse. Additionally, the impact of changes in the tax rates and laws on deferred taxes, if any, is reflected in the financial statements in the period of enactment. Valuation allowances are established to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that will more likely than not be realized. To the extent that a determination was made to establish or adjust a valuation allowance, the expense or benefit is recorded in the period in which the determination is made. From time to time, we engage in transactions in which the tax consequences may be subject to uncertainty. Examples of such transactions include business acquisitions and dispositions, including dispositions designed to be tax free, issues related to consideration paid or received, investments and certain financing transactions. Significant judgment is required in assessing and estimating the tax consequences of these transactions. We prepare and file tax returns based on interpretation of tax laws and regulations. In the normal course of business, our tax returns are subject to examination by various taxing authorities. Such examinations may result in future tax, interest and penalty assessments by these taxing authorities. In determining our income tax provision for financial reporting purposes, we establish a reserve for uncertain income tax positions unless such positions are determined to be more likely than not of being sustained upon examination, based on their technical merits. That is, for financial reporting purposes, we only recognize tax benefits taken on the tax return that we believe are more likely than not of being sustained. There is considerable judgment involved in determining whether positions taken on the tax return are more likely than not of being sustained. We adjust our tax reserve estimates periodically because of ongoing examinations by, and settlements with, the various taxing authorities, as well as changes in tax laws, regulations and interpretations. The consolidated income tax provision of any given year includes adjustments to prior year income tax accruals that are considered appropriate and any related estimated interest. Our policy is to recognize, when applicable, interest and penalties on uncertain income tax positions as part of income tax provision. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Homes Passed and Subscribers We report homes passed as the number of serviceable addresses, such as single residence homes, apartments and condominium units, and businesses passed by our broadband network and listed in our database. We report total subscribers as the number of subscribers who receive at least one of our HSD, Video or Telephony services, without regard to which or how many services they subscribe. We define each of the individual HSD subscribers, Video subscribers and Telephony subscribers as a revenue generating unit RGU ). The following table summarizes homes passed, total subscribers and total RGUs for our services as of each respective date and for comparability purposes, presents subscribers associated with the Company s continuing operations as of each specified date prior to December 31, 2022: 

Dec. 31, Mar. 31, Jun.30, Sep. 30, Dec. 31, 2021 2022 2022 2022 2022 Homes passed 1,882,100 1,886,000 1,886,000 1,886,000 1,886,000 Total subscribers 532,900 534,700 536,600 538,100 530,600 HSD RGUs 511,700 515,000 517,200 518,600 511,600 Video RGUs 150,600 142,000 135,500 129,900 123,200 Telephony RGUs 100,000 97,300 95,200 92,900 89,900 Total RGUs 762,300 754,300 747,900 741,400 724,700 The following table displays the homes passed and subscribers related to the Company s edge-out activities: 

Dec. 31, Mar. 31, Jun.30, Sep. 30, Dec. 31, 2021 2022 2022 2022 2022 Homes passed 78,200 78,600 78,900 79,100 81,100 Total subscribers 19,300 19,500 19,700 19,800 20,300 HSD RGUs 19,200 19,400 19,600 19,700 20,200 Video RGUs 6,900 6,900 6,900 6,900 6,900 Telephony RGUs 2,800 2,800 2,800 2,800 2,900 Total RGUs 28,900 29,100 29,300 29,400 30,000 While we take appropriate steps to ensure subscriber information is presented on a consistent and accurate basis at any given balance sheet date, we periodically review our policies in light of the variability we may encounter across our different markets due to the nature and pricing of products, services and billing systems. Accordingly, we may from time to time make appropriate adjustments to our subscriber information based on such reviews. Financial Statement Presentation Revenue Our operating revenue is primarily derived from monthly recurring charges for HSD, Video, Telephony and other business services to residential and business customers, in addition to other revenues. HSD revenue consists primarily of fixed monthly fees for data service and rental of modems. Video revenue consists primarily of fixed monthly fees for basic, premium and digital cable television services and rental of video converter equipment, as well as charges from optional services, such as pay-per-view, video-on-demand and other events available to the customer. The Company is required to pay certain cable franchising authorities an amount based on the percentage of gross revenue derived from video services. The Company generally passes these fees on to the customer, which is included in video revenue. Telephony revenue consists primarily of fixed monthly fees for local service and enhanced services, such as call waiting, voice mail and measured and flat rate long-distance service. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Other business service revenue consists primarily of monthly recurring charges for session initiated protocol, web hosting, metro Ethernet, wireless backhaul, broadband carrier services and cloud infrastructure services provided to business customers. Other revenue consists primarily of revenue from late fees, advertising placement and line assurance warranty services provided to residential and business customers. 
 Revenues attributable to monthly subscription fees charged to customers for our HSD, Video and Telephony services provided by our broadband networks were 92 and 93 of total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The remaining percentage of total revenue represents non-subscription revenue primarily from other business services, late fees, advertising placement and line assurance warranty services. Costs and Expenses Our expenses primarily consist of operating, selling, general and administrative expenses, depreciation and amortization expense, and interest expense. Operating expenses primarily include programming costs, data costs, transport costs and network access fees related to our HSD, Video and Telephony services, hardware/software expenses, network operations and maintenance services, customer service and call center expenses, bad debt, billing and collection expenses and franchise and other regulatory fees. Selling, general and administrative expenses primarily include salaries and benefits of corporate and field management, sales and marketing personnel, human resources and related administrative costs. Depreciation and amortization includes depreciation of our network infrastructure, including associated equipment, hardware and software, buildings and leasehold improvements, and finance lease obligations. Amortization is recognized on other intangible assets with definite lives primarily related to acquisitions. Depreciation and amortization expense is presented separately from operating and selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. We control our costs of operations by maintaining strict controls on expenditures. More specifically, we are focused on managing our cost structure by improving workforce productivity, increasing the effectiveness of our purchasing activities and maintaining discipline in customer acquisition. We expect programming expenses to continue to increase per Video subscriber due to a variety of factors, including increased demands by owners of some broadcast stations for carriage of other services or payments to those broadcasters for retransmission consent and annual increases imposed by programmers with additional selling power as a result of media consolidation. We have not been able to fully pass these increases on to our customers without the loss of customers, nor do we expect to be able to do so in the future. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 Continuing Operations Results of Operations The following table summarizes our results from continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in millions) Revenue 704.9 725.7 Costs and expenses: Operating (excluding depreciation and amortization) 327.0 376.4 Selling, general and administrative 165.4 175.2 Depreciation and amortization 178.2 169.3 Impairment losses on intangibles 35.0 705.6 720.9 (Loss) income from operations (0.7) 4.8 Other income (expense): Interest expense (38.7) (93.5) Loss on early extinguishment of debt (3.2) Other income, net 16.6 9.5 Loss before provision for income tax (22.8) (82.4) Income tax benefit 20.3 13.8 Net loss (2.5) (68.6) Revenue Total revenue from continuing operations decreased 20.8 million, or 3 , during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in millions) Residential subscription 537.7 561.6 Business services subscription 111.0 110.4 Total subscription 648.7 672.0 Other business services 21.2 22.3 Other 35.0 31.4 Total revenue 704.9 725.7 Subscription Revenue Total subscription revenue from continuing operations decreased 23.3 million, or 3 , during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by a 50.4 million shift in service offering mix, as we continue to experience a reduction in Video and Telephony RGUs. The decrease was partially offset by a 22.5 million increase in average revenue per unit ARPU ), as HSD customers continue to purchase higher speed tiers; coupled with HSD and Video rate increases and a 4.6 million increase in average volume attributable exclusively to HSD subscribers. ARPU is calculated as subscription revenue for each of the HSD, Video and Telephony services divided by the average total RGUs for each service category for the respective period. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Other Business Services Other business services revenue from continuing operations decreased 1.1 million, or 5 , during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to decreases in data center revenue. Other Other revenue from continuing operations increased 3.6 million, or 11 , during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily related to a one-time receipt of government grant revenue. Operating Expenses (Excluding Depreciation and Amortization) Operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization) from continuing operations decreased 49.4 million, or 13 , during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by decreases in direct operating expenses, specifically programming expenses of 33.2 million, which is attributable to the reduction in Video RGUs between periods and decreases in call center and cash compensation related expenses. Incremental Contribution Incremental contribution is defined as subscription services revenue less costs directly incurred from third parties in connection with the provision of such services to our customers (service direct expense). Incremental contribution from continuing operations increased 17.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily related to the reduction in service direct expense combined with an increase in HSD revenue. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses from continuing operations decreased 9.8 million, or 6 , during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease is primarily attributable to decreases in costs associated with digital transformation initiatives, debt refinancing and marketing expenses, partially offset by increases in restructuring costs related to employee severance charges and stock compensation expense. Depreciation and Amortization Expenses Depreciation and amortization expenses from continuing operations increased 8.9 million, or 5 , during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily attributable to increases of equipment placed into service as we continue to expand our network. Impairment Losses on Intangibles The Company recognized non-cash impairment charges of 35.0 million and nil for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The primary driver of the impairment charge in 2022 was a decline in the estimated fair market value of certain indefinite-lived intangible assets, as indicated by the increase in the discount rate combined with the decline in the Company s common stock price. See Note 6 Franchise Operating Rights Goodwill for discussion of non-cash impairment charges for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Interest Expense Interest expense from continuing operations decreased 54.8 million, or 59 , during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease is primarily due to a lower outstanding principal balance as a result of the debt refinancing that occurred in December 2021, and the expiration of the interest rate swap agreement in May 2021. Loss on Early Extinguishment of Debt In connection with the December 20, 2021 refinancing of the Company s Term B loans and Revolving Credit Facility, the Company recorded a 3.2 million loss on early extinguishment of debt related to the write-off of unamortized debt issuance and third-party costs during the year ended December 31, 2021. No such losses were recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022. Other Income, net Other income from continuing operations increased 7.1 million, or 75 , during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily related to providing a full year of transition services in 2022 as compared to partial periods in 2021. Refer to the discussion of transition services provided in the Discontinued Operations section below. As of December 31, 2022, the transition services agreements with both buyers were still in effect for certain limited services. Discontinued Operations On September 1, 2021, WOW completed the sale of its Cleveland and Columbus, Ohio markets and on November 1, 2021, WOW completed the sale of its Chicago, Illinois, Evansville, Indiana and Baltimore, Maryland markets. The Company presents these markets as discontinued operations in the consolidated statements of operations and excludes them from continuing operations for all periods in which such discontinued operations are presented. Results of discontinued operations include all revenues and direct expenses of these markets. General corporate overhead is not allocated to discontinued operations. In connection with the asset sales, the Company entered into two separate transition services agreements under which WOW has provided certain services to each of the buyers. Under the transition services agreements, the buyers may elect a variety of services, including but not limited to: information technology, network, business support services, etc. The term of the transition services agreements are for 12 months following each closing date, respectively, with two optional three month extensions. As of December 31, 2022, the transition services agreements with both buyers were still in effect for certain limited services. None of the costs related to the employees, processes or systems that will be utilized to provide the services under the transition services agreements were allocated to discontinued operations. Discontinued operating expenses do not include general corporate overhead or continuing costs related to providing service per the transition service agreements. Certain costs of providing the transition service agreements will continue during the term of the agreements as services are provided; however, upon termination of the agreements, these costs are expected to be reduced. In addition, general corporate overhead costs are expected to be reduced over a three year period. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations The following table summarizes our results from discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Year ended December 31, 2021 (in millions) Revenue 308.3 Costs and expenses: Operating (excluding depreciation and amortization) 112.0 Selling, general and administrative 11.8 Depreciation and amortization 41.0 164.8 Income from operations 143.5 Other income (expense): Interest income 0.4 Gain on sale of assets, net 1,001.8 Other income, net 0.1 Income from discontinued operations before provision for income tax 1,145.8 Income tax expense (306.7) Income from discontinued operations 839.1 Revenue The following table summarizes our revenue from discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Year ended December 31, 2021 (in millions) Residential subscription HSD 150.1 Video 103.2 Telephony 11.5 Total residential subscription 264.8 Business subscription HSD 17.8 Video 2.7 Telephony 8.4 Total business subscription 28.9 Total subscription services revenue 293.7 Other business services revenue 1.6 Other revenue 13.0 Total revenue 308.3 Total Company Income Tax Benefit (Expense) We reported total income tax benefit of 20.3 million and expense of 292.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The change is primarily related to a decrease in income before tax relating to our smaller footprint following the sales of five service areas in 2021. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 Use of Incremental Contribution Incremental contribution is included herein because we believe that it is a key metric used by our management to assess the financial performance of the business by showing how the relative relationship of the various components of subscription services contributes to our overall consolidated historical results. Our management further believes that it provides useful information to investors in evaluating our financial condition and results of operations because the additional detail illustrates how an incremental dollar of revenue generates cash, before any unallocated costs are considered, which we believe is a key component of our overall strategy and important for understanding what drives our cash flow position relative to our historical results. Incremental contribution is defined by us as the components of subscription revenue, less costs directly incurred from third parties in connection with the provision of such services to our customers. Incremental contribution is not made in accordance with GAAP and our use of the term incremental contribution varies from others in our industry. Incremental contribution should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, consolidated net income (loss) and operating income (loss) or any other performance measures derived in accordance with GAAP as measures of operating performance or operating cash flows, or as measures of liquidity. Incremental contribution has important limitations as an analytical tool and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP as it does not identify or allocate any other operating costs and expenses that are components of our income from operations to specific subscription revenues as we do not measure or record such costs and expenses in a manner that would allow attribution to a specific component of subscription revenue. Accordingly, incremental contribution should not be considered as an alternative to operating income or any other performance measures derived in accordance with GAAP as measures of operating performance or operating cash flows, or as a measure of liquidity. The following table provides a reconciliation of incremental contribution to income from operations, which is the most directly comparable GAAP measure, for the periods presented: 

Year ended Year ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Continuing Discontinued Total Continuing Discontinued Total (in millions) (Loss) income from operations (0.7) (0.7) 4.8 143.5 148.3 Revenue (excluding subscription revenue) (56.2) (56.2) (53.7) (14.6) (68.3) Other non-allocated operating expense (excluding depreciation and amortization) 168.2 168.2 176.6 24.0 200.6 Selling, general and administrative 165.4 165.4 175.2 11.8 187.0 Depreciation and amortization 178.2 178.2 169.3 41.0 210.3 Impairment losses on intangibles 35.0 35.0 Incremental contribution 489.9 489.9 472.2 205.7 677.9 Previously Disclosed Results of Operations For a complete narrative of our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 refer to Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 . 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources Overview Our primary funding requirements are for our ongoing operations, capital expenditures, outstanding debt obligations, including lease agreements, and strategic investments. At December 31, 2022, the principal amount of our outstanding consolidated debt aggregated to 742.7 million, of which 17.7 million is classified as current in our consolidated balance sheet as of such date. As of December 31, 2022, we had borrowing capacity of 236.4 million under our Revolving Credit Facility. We are required to prepay principal amounts if we generate excess cash flow, as defined in the Credit Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, we had 31.0 million of cash and cash equivalents. We believe that our existing cash balances, available borrowing capacity under our Revolving Credit Facility, and operating cash flows will provide sufficient resources to fund our obligations and anticipated liquidity requirements over the next 12 months. On October 4, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase up to 50.0 million of our outstanding common stock. As of December 31, 2022, we repurchased 1.2 million shares for approximately 12.3 million. We expect to utilize cash flow from operations and cash on hand as funding sources, as well as potentially engage in future refinancing transactions to further extend the maturities of our debt obligations. The timing and terms of any refinancing transactions will be subject to market conditions among other considerations. As potential acquisitions or dispositions arise, we actively review such transactions against our objectives including, among other considerations, improving our operational efficiency, geographic clustering of assets, product development or technology capabilities of our business and achieving appropriate strategic objectives, and we may participate in such transactions to the extent we believe these possibilities present attractive opportunities. However, there can be no assurance that we will actually complete any acquisitions or dispositions, or that any such transactions will be material to our operations or results. Our ability to fund operations and capital expenditures, repay debt obligations and make future acquisitions and strategic investments depends on future operating performance and cash flows, which are subject to prevailing economic conditions and to financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. Contractual Obligations We have obligations to make future payments for goods and services under certain contractual arrangements. These contractual obligations secure the future rights to various assets and services to be used in the normal course of our operations. In accordance with GAAP, the future rights and obligations pertaining to firm commitments, such as operating lease obligations and certain contractual purchase obligations, are not reflected as assets or liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The long term debt obligations are our principal payments on cash debt service obligations. Finance lease obligations are future lease payments on certain equipment and vehicles. Operating lease obligations are the future minimum rental payments required under the operating leases that have initial or remaining non-cancellable lease terms in excess of one year as of December 31, 2022. The following table summarizes certain of our obligations as of December 31, 2022 and the estimated timing and effect that such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in future periods: 

Payment due by period Total 2023 2024 - 2025 2026 - 2027 Thereafter (in millions) Long term debt obligations(1) 731.7 16.3 14.6 14.6 686.2 Finance lease obligations 21.7 11.1 9.9 0.7 Operating lease obligations(2) 18.6 5.7 8.2 3.4 1.3 Total 772.0 33.1 32.7 18.7 687.5 
 44 

Table of Contents 

(1) Interest payments associated with our variable-rate debt have not been included in the table. Assuming that our 731.7 million of variable-rate Senior Secured Credit Facilities as of December 31, 2022 is held to maturity, and utilizing interest rates in effect at December 31, 2022, our annual interest payments (including commitment fees and letter of credit fees) on variable rate Senior Secured Credit Facilities as of December 31, 2022 is anticipated to be approximately 57.2 million for fiscal year 2023, 112.3 million for fiscal years 2024-2025, 108.7 million for the fiscal years 2026-2027 and 51.1 thereafter. Our Revolving Credit Facility and Term B Loans mature in December 2026 and December 2028, respectively. The future annual interest obligations noted herein are estimated only in relation to debt outstanding as of December 31, 2022. (2) In addition to the above operating lease obligations, we also rent utility poles used in our operations. Generally, pole rentals are cancellable on short notice, but we anticipate that such rentals will recur. Rent expense for pole rental attachments was approximately 5.5 million, 6.1 million and 5.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Operating, Investing, and Financing Activities Operating Activities Net cash provided by operating activities decreased 140.2 million from 174.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 33.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease is primarily due to the income tax payment associated with the sale of the Chicago, Illinois, Evansville, Indiana, and Baltimore, Maryland markets, which the Company paid during the second quarter of 2022 . Investing Activities Net cash provided by investing activities was 1,559.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to net cash used in investing activities of 165.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The change is primarily attributable to proceeds received related to the sales of five service areas during 2021, as well as a decrease in capital expenditures which aligns with our smaller footprint. We have ongoing capital expenditure requirements related to the maintenance, expansion and technological upgrades of our network infrastructure. Capital expenditures are funded primarily through a combination of cash on hand and cash flow from operations. Our capital expenditures from continuing operations were 167.2 million and 162.3 million for years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The 4.9 million increase from the year ended December 31, 2021 to the year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily related to an increase in line extensions as we focus on expanding our network through our greenfield initiatives, partially offset by decreases in support capital and customer premise equipment CPE expenditures. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 The following table sets forth additional information regarding our capital expenditures for the periods presented: 

Year ended Year ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Continuing Discontinued Total Continuing Discontinued Total (in millions) Capital Expenditures Customer premise equipment(1) 64.6 64.6 68.1 29.8 97.9 Scalable infrastructure(2) 39.4 39.4 40.3 3.2 43.5 Line extensions(3) 26.8 26.8 13.6 4.2 17.8 Support capital and other(4) 36.4 36.4 40.3 8.2 48.5 Total 167.2 167.2 162.3 45.4 207.7 Capital expenditures included in total related to: Edge-outs(5) 4.7 4.7 4.5 1.4 5.9 Business services(6) 11.6 11.6 13.8 2.7 16.5 Greenfields(7) 21.5 21.5 

 (1) Customer premise equipment includes equipment and installation costs incurred to deliver services to residential and business services customers. CPE includes the costs of acquiring and installing our set-top boxes and modems, as well as the cost of customer connections to our network. (2) Scalable infrastructure includes costs, not directly related to customer acquisition activity, to support new customer growth and provide service enhancements (e.g., headend equipment). (3) Line extensions include costs associated with new home development within our footprint and edge-outs (e.g., fiber / coaxial cable, amplifiers, electronic equipment, make-ready and design engineering). (4) Support capital and other includes costs to modify or replace existing HFC network, including enhancements, and all other costs to support day-to-day operations, including land, buildings, vehicles, office equipment, tools and test equipment. (5) Edge-outs represent costs to extend our network into new adjacent service areas, including the associated CPE. (6) Business services represent costs associated with the build-out of our network to support business services customers, including the associated CPE. (7) Greenfields represent costs associated with building our fiber technology network in locations non-adjacent to our existing network. Financing Activities Net cash used in financing activities decreased 1,522.3 million from 1,552.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 30.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease is primarily attributable to a decrease in net repayments of 1,530.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. New Accounting Pronouncements See Part II-Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements for a description of new accounting pronouncements. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Our exposure to market risk is limited and primarily related to fluctuating interest rates associated with our variable rate indebtedness under our Senior Secured Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2022, borrowings under our Term B Loans and Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at SOFR plus 3.00 and SOFR plus 2.75 , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, our Senior Secured Credit Facility is variable rate debt. A hypothetical 100 basis point (1 change in SOFR interest rates (based on the interest rates in effect under our Senior Secured Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022) would result in an annual interest expense charge of up to approximately 7.3 million under our Senior Secured Credit Facility. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Our consolidated financial statements, the related notes thereto and the report of our independent registered public accounting firm are included in this Annual Report beginning on page F-1. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As of the end of the period covered by this report, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of disclosure controls and procedures with respect to the information generated for use in this Annual Report. The evaluation was based upon reports and certifications provided by a number of executives. Based on, and as of the date of that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurances that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. In designing and evaluating disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance, not absolute assurance of achieving the desired objectives. Also, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. The design of any system of controls is based, in part, upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) for the Company. Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of the Certifying Officers, assessed the effectiveness of the design and operation of our internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on this assessment, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. BDO USA, LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, provides an independent audit of the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting. Their accompanying audit report on the Company s internal controls over financial reporting is set forth in this Annual Report. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Shareholders and Board of Directors WideOpenWest, Inc. Englewood, Colorado Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited WideOpenWest, Inc. s (the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria . We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive (loss) income, changes in stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 27, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Item 9A, Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit of internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ BDO USA, LLP Atlanta, Georgia February 27, 2023 Item 9B. Other Information Not applicable. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The information required by Item 10 is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement. Item 11. Executive Compensation The information required by Item 11 is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The information required by Item 12 is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Manager Independence The information required by Item 13 is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services The information required by Item 14 is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (a) Financial Statements/Schedule All schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable or not required or the required information is included in the financial statements or notes thereto, which are incorporated herein by reference. (b) Exhibits A list of exhibits required to be filed as part of this report is set forth in the Exhibit Index which immediately precedes such exhibits and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Audited Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , PCAOB ID F- 2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F- 4 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F- 5 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F- 6 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F- 7 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F- 8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F- 9 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Shareholders and Board of Directors WideOpenWest, Inc. Englewood, Colorado Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of WideOpenWest, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive (loss) income, changes in stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and our report dated February 27, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 Determining the Fair Value of Certain Franchise Operating Rights As described in Notes 2 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the carrying amount of the Company s franchise operating rights was 585.1 million as of December 31, 2022. The Company evaluates the recoverability of its franchise operating rights annually on October 1, or more frequently whenever events or substantive changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the franchise operating rights carrying value exceeds its estimated fair value. The Company estimates the fair value of each franchise operating right using the multi-period excess earnings method, an income approach. For the year ended December 31, 2022, impairment charges of 35.0 million were recorded as a result of the Company s annual impairment test. We identified the estimate of the fair value of certain franchise operating rights as part of the annual impairment assessment to be a critical audit matter. The principal considerations that led to this determination were: (i) these franchise operating rights did not pass the quantitative annual impairment assessment and, therefore, the fair value estimates were sensitive to changes in the significant assumptions which were considered to be forecasted revenue growth rates, forecasted margins, forecasted customer attrition (churn) rates and the discount rate and (ii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skills and knowledge. These assumptions were especially challenging to test and required significant auditor judgment because they were affected by expected future market conditions. The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 Obtaining an understanding, evaluating the design and testing the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s calculation of the fair value of franchise operating rights, including controls over management s review of the significant assumptions described above. Evaluating the reasonableness of management s forecasts by (i) understanding management s process for developing the forecasted revenue growth rates, forecasted margins, and forecasted customer attrition (churn) rates, and (ii) comparing these assumptions to historical results and to forecasted information included in industry reports. Utilizing our valuation professionals to assist in (i) assessing the appropriateness of the valuation model method, and (ii) evaluating the reasonableness of the Company s discount rate. /s/ BDO USA, LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2012. Atlanta, Georgia February 27, 2023 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 WideOpenWest, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 2021 (in millions, except share data) Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable trade, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of for both periods Accounts receivable other, net Prepaid expenses and other Total current assets Right-of-use lease assets operating Property, plant and equipment, net Franchise operating rights Goodwill Intangible assets subject to amortization, net Other non-current assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities Accounts payable trade Accrued interest Current portion of long-term lease liability operating Accrued liabilities and other Current portion of long-term debt and finance lease obligations Current portion of unearned service revenue Total current liabilities Long-term debt and finance lease obligations, net of debt issuance costs less current portion Long-term lease liability operating Deferred income taxes, net Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 17) Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and issued as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively; and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated income Treasury stock at cost, and shares as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 WideOpenWest, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions, except per share and share data) Revenue Costs and expenses: Operating (excluding depreciation and amortization) Selling, general and administrative Depreciation and amortization Impairment losses on intangibles (Loss) income from operations ) ) Other income (expense): Interest expense ) ) ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt ) Other income, net Loss from continuing operations before provision for income tax ) ) ) Income tax benefit Loss from continuing operations ) ) ) Discontinued Operations (Note 18) Income from discontinued operations, net of tax Net (loss) income ) Basic and diluted loss per common share - continuing operations Basic ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) Basic and diluted earnings per common share - discontinued operations Basic Diluted Basic and diluted (loss) earnings per common share Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted-average common shares outstanding Basic Diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 WideOpenWest, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Net (loss) income ) Unrealized gain on derivative instrument, net of tax Comprehensive (loss) income ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 WideOpenWest, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Accumulated Total Common Treasury Additional Other Accumulated Stockholders Common Stock Stock at Paid-in Comprehensive Income Equity Stock Par Value Cost Capital Income (Loss) (Loss) (Deficit) (in millions, except share data) Balances at January 1, 2020 ) ) ) ) Changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net Stock-based compensation Issuance of restricted stock, net Purchase of shares ) ) ) Net income Balances at December 31, 2020(1) ) ) ) ) Changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net Stock-based compensation Issuance of restricted stock, net Purchase of shares ) ) ) Net income Balances at December 31, 2021(1) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of restricted stock, net Purchase of shares ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Balances at December 31, 2022(1) ) 

 (1) , and , respectively, of non-vested shares of restricted stock awards granted to employees and directors. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 WideOpenWest, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Cash flows from operating activities: Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes ) Provision for doubtful accounts Gain on sale of markets ) Gain on sale of operating assets, net ) ) Amortization of debt issuance costs and discount Loss on debt extinguishment Impairment losses on intangibles Non-cash compensation Other non-cash items ) ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Receivables and other operating assets ) ) ) Payables and accruals ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of markets, net Other investing activities ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, net Payments on long-term debt and finance lease obligations ) ) ) Payments of debt issuance costs ) Purchase of shares ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid during the periods for interest Cash paid during the periods for income taxes Cash received during the periods for refunds of income taxes Non-cash financing activities: Other financing arrangements Capital expenditure accounts payable and accruals The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 markets in the United States which consist of Detroit and Lansing, Michigan; Augusta, Columbus, Newnan and West Point, Georgia; Charleston, South Carolina; Dothan, Auburn, Huntsville and Montgomery, Alabama; Knoxville, Tennessee; and Panama City and Pinellas County, Florida. Basis of Presentation The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). These accounting principles require management to make assumptions and estimates that affect the reported amounts and disclosures of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts and disclosures of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that it believes are reasonable under the circumstances. However, due to the inherent uncertainties in making estimates, actual results could differ from those estimates. Certain reclassifications have been made to prior period amounts to conform to the current period financial statement presentation with no effect on the Company s previously reported results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 of delinquency. The individual receivables are written-off after all reasonable efforts to collect the funds have been made. Actual write-offs may differ from the amounts reserved. See Note 3 Revenue from Contracts with Customers for a discussion of changes in the allowance for doubtful accounts for the periods presented. - Computer equipment and software Customer premise equipment Vehicles Telephony infrastructure - Headend equipment Distribution facilities Building and leasehold improvements - Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the estimated useful lives or lease terms. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents) on a straight-line basis, which is shorter than the economic useful life, which approximates an accelerated method. Goodwill represents the excess purchase price over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired in business combinations. triggering events or impairment of its long-lived assets in any of the periods presented. Franchise Operating Rights The Company evaluates the recoverability of its franchise operating rights at least annually on October 1, or more frequently whenever events or substantive changes in circumstances indicate that the assets might be impaired. The Company evaluates the franchise operating rights for impairment by comparing the carrying value of the intangible asset to its estimated fair value utilizing both quantitative and qualitative methods. Any excess of the carrying value over the fair value would be expensed as an impairment loss. The Company calculates the fair value of franchise operating rights using the multi-period excess earnings method, an income approach, which calculates the value of an intangible asset by discounting its future cash flows. The fair value is determined based on estimated discrete discounted future cash flows attributable to each franchise operating right intangible asset using assumptions consistent with internal forecasts. Assumptions key in estimating fair value under this method include, but are not limited to, revenue and subscriber growth rates (less anticipated customer churn), operating expenditures, capital expenditures (including any build out), market share achieved, contributory asset charge rates, tax rates and discount rate. The discount rate used in the model represents a weighted average cost of capital and the perceived risk associated with an intangible asset such as franchise operating rights. See Note 6 Franchise Operating Rights Goodwill for discussion of impairment charges recognized for the periods presented. Goodwill The Company assesses the recoverability of its goodwill at least annually on October 1, or more frequently whenever events or substantive changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. The Company may first choose to assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the Company determines that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then the Company performs a quantitative analysis. The Company may also choose to by-pass the qualitative assessment and proceed directly to the quantitative analysis. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 reporting unit as part of its annual goodwill analysis on October 1. See Note 6 Franchise Operating Rights Goodwill for a discussion of impairment charges recognized for the periods presented. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 million, million and million, respectively. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 products (i) HSD; (ii) Video; and (iii) Telephony and are used to assess performance by product(s), decisions to allocate resources (including capital) are made to benefit the consolidated Company. The products are delivered through a unified network and have similar types or classes of customers. Furthermore, the decision to allocate resources to plant maintenance and to upgrade the Company s service delivery over a unified network to the customer benefits all product offerings and is not based on any given service product. As such, management has determined that the Company has reportable segment, broadband services. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 . The Company is required to pay certain cable franchising authorities an amount based on the percentage of gross revenue derived from video services. The Company generally passes these fees and other similar regulatory and ancillary fees on to the customer. Revenues from regulatory and other ancillary fees passed on to the customer are reported with the associated service revenue and the corresponding costs are reported as an operating expense. Bundled Subscription Services The Company often markets multiple subscription services as part of a bundled arrangement that may include a discount. When customers have entered into a bundled service arrangement, the total transaction price for the bundled arrangement is allocated between the separate services included in the bundle based on their relative stand-alone selling prices. The allocation of the transaction price in bundled services requires judgment, particularly in determining the stand-alone selling 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 ASU 2021-10, Government Assistance (Topic 832): Disclosures by Business Entities about Government Assistance prospectively as of January 1, 2022. The Company receives government assistance in the form of cash from multiple funds distributed by the National Exchange Carrier Association NECA ). Certain of the funds received are recorded as revenue upon receipt in the consolidated income statement. Whereas assistance received from other funds, specifically the Connect America Fund Broadband Loop Support CAF BLS has certain network construction requirements which are accounted for by utilizing the capital approach under a grant model by analogy in accordance with International Accounting Standard 20, Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance IAS 20 ). The Company receives government assistance from the CAF BLS for certain network build-out construction projects. The Company accounts for the assistance received as a reduction to property, plant and equipment, as the primary conditions for receipt of these grants are to build-out the broadband network. If the assistance received is greater than the cost of the asset constructed, the excess is recognized as revenue upon completion of the project build-out. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized million, million and , respectively, in HSD residential subscription revenue related to excess funding received over the cost of construction for network build-out projects completed. The Company will continue to receive funding related to these programs through December 31, 2028 and will continue to recognize this funding as revenue as all build-out obligations were completed and accepted as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, the Company recorded million of funding received as a reduction to property, plant and equipment, and million of deferred revenue related to in-process network build-out construction projects subject to CAF BLS. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 Video Telephony Total Residential subscription Business subscription HSD Video Telephony Total business subscription Total subscription services revenue Other business services revenue(2) Other revenue Total revenue 

 (1) Includes revenue recognized of million, million and related to the CAF BLS for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. (2) Includes wholesale and colocation lease revenue of million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and million for each of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Costs of Obtaining Contracts with Customers The Company recognizes an asset for incremental costs of obtaining contracts with customers when it expects to recover those costs. Costs which would be incurred regardless of whether a contract is obtained are expensed as they are incurred. Costs of obtaining contracts with customers are amortized over the expected period of benefit, which generally ranges from three to for residential customers and five to for business customers. The current portion and the non-current portion of costs of obtaining contracts with customers are included in prepaid expenses and other and other noncurrent assets, respectively, in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Amortization of costs of obtaining contracts with customers is included in selling, general and administrative expense in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. The following table summarizes the activity of costs of obtaining contracts with customers: Deferral Amortization ) ) ) Balance at end of period The following table presents the current and non-current costs of obtaining contracts with customers as of the end of the corresponding periods: Non-current costs of obtaining contracts with customers Total costs of obtaining contracts with customers 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 Contract Liabilities Monthly charges for residential and business subscription services are billed in advance and recorded as unearned service revenue. Residential and business customers may be charged non-recurring upfront fees associated with installation and other administrative activities. Charges for upfront fees associated with installation and other administrative activities are initially recorded as unearned service revenue and recognized as revenue over the expected period of benefit for residential customers, which has been estimated as , and over the contract term for business customers, which has been estimated as . The Company has estimated the expected period of benefit for residential customers based on consideration of quantitative and qualitative factors including the average installation fee charged, the average monthly revenue per customer, and customer behavior. The current portion and the non-current portion of contract liabilities are included in current portion of unearned service revenue and other non-current liabilities, respectively, in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The following tables present the activity of current and non-current contract liabilities: Deferral Revenue recognized ) ) ) Balance at end of period The following table presents the current and non-current portion of contract liabilities as of the end of the corresponding periods: Non-current contract liabilities Total contract liabilities Unsatisfied Performance Obligations Revenue from month-to-month residential subscription service contracts have historically represented a significant portion of the Company s revenue and the Company expects that this will continue to be the case in future periods. All residential subscription service performance obligations will be satisfied within . A summary of expected business subscription and other business services revenue to be recognized in future periods related to performance obligations which have not been satisfied or are partially unsatisfied as of December 31, 2022 is set forth in the table below: Other business services Total expected revenue Provision for Doubtful Accounts The provision for doubtful accounts and the allowance for doubtful accounts are based on the aging of the individual receivables, historical trends and current and anticipated future economic conditions. The Company manages credit risk by disconnecting services to customers who are delinquent, generally after of delinquency. The individual receivables are written-off after all reasonable efforts to collect the funds have been made. Actual write-offs may differ from the amounts reserved. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 Provision charged to expense(1) Accounts written off, net of recoveries ) ) ) Balance at end of period 

 (1) The Company released million of reserves established in 2020 related to COVID-19 during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company did t release such reserves during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Customer premise equipment Head-end equipment Computer equipment and software Telephony infrastructure Buildings and leasehold improvements Vehicles Office and technical equipment Land Construction in progress (including material inventory and other) (1) Total property, plant and equipment Less accumulated depreciation ) ) 

 (1) As of December 31, 2021, includes million of funding received from the CAF BLS recorded as a reduction to the carrying value of network construction in progress. such amount is included as of December 31, 2022 as all network construction requirements were completed during the year ended December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 3 Revenue from Contracts with Customers for a discussion of government funding received by the Company. Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. Included in depreciation and amortization expense in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 were net gains on sales of operating assets of million. such gains were included in depreciation and amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. The Company recognized insignificant asset write-offs for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 million are included in property, plant and equipment on the consolidated balance sheet. Financing lease liabilities are included within the current and long-term portions of long-term debt and finance lease obligations of million and million, respectively. Right-of-use lease assets and lease liabilities are recognized upon lease commencement based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term. The Company utilizes a collateralized incremental borrowing rate based on information available at the lease commencement date in determining the present value of future payments, unless the rate is implicit in the lease agreement. The operating and finance leases may contain variable payments for common-area maintenance, taxes and insurance, and repairs and maintenance. Variable payments are recognized when incurred and not included in the measurement of the right-of-use asset and lease liability. In instances where customer premise equipment would qualify as a lease, the Company applies the practical expedient to combine the operating lease with the subscription revenue as a single performance obligation in accordance with revenue recognition accounting guidance as the subscription service is the predominant component. The Company s lease agreements may contain options to extend the lease term beyond the initial term, termination options, and options to purchase the underlying asset. The Company has not included these options in the lease term or the related payments in the measurement of the ROU asset and lease liabilities as the Company has determined the options are not reasonably certain to be exercised. Lease components are classified as follows: Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense Operating lease cost(1) Operating expense Sublease income Other income ) ) Net lease cost 

 (1) Includes short-term lease and variable costs of and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: interest Present value of lease liabilities 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: interest Total lease payments The following table presents weighted average remaining lease terms and discount rates: Operating Leases Weighted-average discount rate Finance Leases Operating Leases The following table presents other information related to operating and finance leases: Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Finance leases Operating leases 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 ) Goodwill ) 

January 1, December 31, 2021 Impairment 2021 (in millions) Franchise operating rights Goodwill Franchise Operating Rights The Company evaluates the recoverability of its franchise operating rights at least annually on October 1, or more frequently whenever events or substantive changes in circumstances indicate that the assets might be impaired. Franchise operating rights are evaluated for impairment by comparing the carrying value of the intangible asset to its estimated fair value, utilizing both quantitative and qualitative methods, at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows, which generally represent the markets in which the Company operates. Qualitative analysis is performed for franchise assets in the event the previous analysis indicates that there is a significant margin between the estimated fair value of franchise operating rights and the carrying value of those rights, and that it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value equals or exceeds its carrying value. For franchise operating rights that were evaluated using quantitative analysis, the Company calculates the estimated fair value of franchise operating rights using the multi-period excess earnings method, an income approach, which calculates the estimated fair value of an intangible asset by discounting its future cash flows. The estimated fair value is determined based on discrete discounted future cash flows attributable to each franchise operating right intangible asset using assumptions consistent with internal forecasts. Assumptions key in estimating fair value under this method include, but are not limited to, revenue and subscriber growth rates (less anticipated customer churn), operating expenditures, capital expenditures (including any build out), market share achieved or market multiples, contributory asset charge rates, tax rates and a discount rate. The discount rate used in the model represents a weighted average cost of capital and the perceived risk associated with an intangible asset such as the Company s franchise operating rights. If the fair value of the franchise operating right asset was less than its carrying value, the Company recognizes an impairment charge for the difference between the fair value and the carrying value of the asset. As a result of the annual analysis performed on October 1, 2022, the estimated fair value of franchise operating right assets were determined to be below the carrying value, which resulted in the recognition of non-cash impairment losses of million and million for the Panama City, FL and Huntsville, AL markets, respectively. The Company recognized non-cash impairment losses of million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The primary driver of the impairment charge in the years presented was a decline in estimated fair market value of indefinite-lived intangible assets in certain markets. The decline is primarily due to the increase in the discount rate combined with the decline in the Company s common stock price. The impairment charges do not have an impact on the Company s intent and/or ability to renew or extend existing franchise operating rights. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 impairment charge was recognized during these periods. The Company had accumulated goodwill impairment losses of million for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. ) January 1, December 31, 2021 Acquisitions Amortization 2021 (in millions) Other ) Amortization expense is included in depreciation and amortization expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Amortization expense for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. Scheduled amortization of the Company s intangible assets as of December 31, 2022 is as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 Programming costs Other accrued liabilities Property, income, sales and use taxes(1) Franchise and revenue sharing fees Customer cash collections (Transition Services Agreements) Utility pole costs 

 (1) At December 31, 2021, included the current income tax payable associated with the sale of the Chicago, Illinois, Evansville, Indiana, and Baltimore, Maryland markets. Revolving Credit Facility(3) Total long-term debt Other Financing Finance lease obligations Total long-term debt, finance lease obligations and other Debt issuance costs, net(4) ) ) Sub-total Less current portion ) ) Long-term portion 

 (1) Represents the effective interest rate in effect for all borrowings outstanding as of the year ended December 31, 2022 pursuant to each debt instrument including the applicable margin. (2) At December 31, 2022 and 2021 includes million and million of net unamortized discounts, respectively. (3) Available borrowing capacity at December 31, 2022 represents million of total availability less borrowing of million on the Revolving Credit Facility and outstanding letters of credit of million. Letters of credit are used in the ordinary course of business and are released when the respective contractual obligations have been fulfilled by the Company. (4) At December 31, 2022 and 2021 debt issuance costs include million and million related to Term B Loans and million and million related to the Revolving Credit Facility, respectively. 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 Refinancing of the Term B Loans and Revolving Credit Facility On December 20, 2021, the Company entered into a new secured credit agreement with Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent, collateral agent and issuing bank (the Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement consists of (i) a new Term Loan B in an aggregate principal amount of million and (ii) a million revolving credit commitment. The Term Loan B matures in December 2028 and bears interest at a rate equal to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus , subject to a basis point floor, and the revolving credit commitment bears interest at a rate equal to SOFR plus , subject to a basis point commitment fee rate for unused commitments, and matures in December 2026. The Senior Secured Term B loans and Revolving Credit Facility are secured on a first-priority basis by a lien on substantially all of the Company s assets, subject to certain exceptions and permitted liens. The Credit Agreement contains certain (a) restrictive covenants, including, but not limited to, restrictions on the entry into burdensome agreements, the prohibition of the incurrence of certain indebtedness secured by liens, restrictions on the ability to make certain payments and to enter into certain merger, consolidation, asset sale and affiliate transactions, and (b) financial maintenance covenants, including, but not limited to, a maximum leverage ratio, a minimum fixed charge ratio and a maximum secured indebtedness ratio. The Credit Agreement also contains representations and warranties, affirmative covenants and events of default customary for an agreement of its type. The Credit Agreement allows for the issuance of letters of credit. The aggregate amount of undrawn letters of credit cannot exceed million and are used in the ordinary course of business and released when the respective contractual obligations have been fulfilled by the Company. The Company did not have any cash collateralized letters of credit as of December 31, 2022. On the date of re-financing, the Company repaid the unpaid principal balance of its Term B loans under the previous eighth amendment Eighth Amendment to its previous credit agreement dated July 17, 2017, with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the administrative agent and revolver agent. Under the Eighth Amendment, (i) the previous Term B loans matured on August 19, 2023 and bore interest, at the Company s option, at a rate equal to ABR plus or LIBOR plus , and (ii) the borrowings under the revolving credit facility matured on May 31, 2022 and bore interest, at the Company s option, at a rate equal to ABR plus or LIBOR plus . As a result of the re-financing, the Company recorded a million loss on early extinguishment of debt related to the write-off of unamortized debt issuance and third-party costs during the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all debt covenants in the Credit Agreement. Amortization of debt discount 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 million to hedge a portion of the outstanding principal balance of its variable rate term loan debt. The Company s outstanding derivatives had a notional amount of million and the fair value was presented within accrued liabilities and other of million within the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2020. The Company did t have such amounts as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 as the interest rate swap contracts expired in May of 2021. Gains on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges included in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the year ended December 31, 2021 is shown in the table below. Tax impact ) ) Gain recorded in AOCI on derivatives, net 

 (1) Gains (losses) on derivatives reclassified from AOCI into income will be included in Interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations, the same income statement line item as the earnings effect of the hedged item. Losses recognized in the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 total , million and million, respectively. For the periods presented, all cash flows associated with derivatives are classified as operating cash flows in the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Long-term debt fair value does not include debt issuance costs and discounts. There were transfers into or out of Level 1, 2 or 3 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company s nonfinancial assets such as franchises, property, plant, and equipment, and other intangible assets are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis; however, they are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances, such as when there is evidence that an impairment may exist. When such impairments are recorded, fair values are generally classified within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. million of its outstanding common stock. As of December 31, 2022, we repurchased approximately million shares for million. The following table summarizes the Company s purchases of WOW common stock during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. These shares are reflected as treasury stock in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Income tax withholding(1) 

 (1) Generally, the Company withholds shares to cover the income tax withholding of the employee upon vesting. The total fair value of restricted shares vested was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 shares of the Company s common stock to be available for issuance, subject to adjustment in the event of a reorganization, stock split, merger or similar change in the Company s corporate structure or the outstanding shares of common stock. Restricted stock awards generally vest ratably over a period based on the date of grant. For restricted stock awards that contain only service conditions for vesting, the Company calculates the award fair value based on the closing stock price on the accounting grant date. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the Company recorded million, million and million of total non-cash compensation expense, respectively. Certain awards were modified during the year ended December 31, 2021 and are classified as liabilities. The non-cash compensation expense associated with these awards was 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 
 million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included in total non-cash compensation expense. During the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately million of liability classified awards were settled with shares of restricted stock. The non-cash compensation expense is reflected in selling, general and administrative expense and operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization), depending on the recipients duties, in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. Total unrecognized non-cash compensation expense as of December 31, 2022 was million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The following table summarizes the restricted stock award activity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Granted Vested ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) Outstanding, end of period(1) 

 (1) The total outstanding non-vested shares of restricted stock awards granted to employees and directors are included in total outstanding shares as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Nonvested Performance Shares On March 3, 2022, the Company granted performance shares which will vest based on the Company s achievement level relative to the following performance measures at December 31, 2024: based upon the Company s Total Shareholder Return TSR relative to the TSRs of the Company s peer group and based on the Company s cumulative EBITDA metric. EBITDA is defined as net income (loss) before net interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization (including impairments), impairment losses on intangibles and goodwill, the write-off of any asset, loss on early extinguishment of debt, integration and restructuring expenses and all non-cash charges and expenses (including stock compensation expense) and certain other income and expenses. Upon achievement of the minimum threshold performance metric, the grantee may earn to of their respective target shares based on the performance goal. The performance shares based on relative TSR performance have a market condition and are valued using a Monte Carlo simulation model on the grant date, which resulted in a grant date fair value of per share. The estimated fair value is amortized to expense over the requisite service period, which ends on December 31, 2024. The following assumptions were used in the Monte Carlo simulation for computing the grant date fair value of the performance shares with a market condition: risk-free interest rate of , volatility factor in the expected market price of the Company s common shares of and an expected life of . The performance shares based on cumulative EBITDA have a performance condition. The probability of achieving the performance condition is assessed at each reporting period. If it is deemed probable that the performance condition will be met, compensation cost will be recognized based on the closing price per share of the Company s common stock on the date of the grant multiplied by the number of awards expected to be earned. If it is deemed that it is not probable that the performance condition will be met, the Company will discontinue the recognition of compensation cost and any compensation cost previously recorded will be reversed. At December 31, 2022, achievement of the performance condition for the performance shares granted during each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was deemed probable. 
 F-28 

Table of Contents) State ) ) Total current tax ) ) ) Deferred tax benefit (expense) Federal State ) ) Total deferred tax Income tax benefit The Company reported total income tax benefit of million and expense of million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As a result of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security CARES Act enacted on March 27, 2020, companies were able to request refunds of the remaining amount of refundable Alternate Minimum Tax carryforwards. Previously, the remaining amount would have been refunded between 2020 and 2021. The Company received a full refund of approximately million during the second quarter of 2020. The CARES Act contains many other tax provisions, all of which have no material impact to the financial statements. The provision for income taxes incurred is different from the amount calculated by applying the applicable federal income tax rate to the income from continuing operations before income tax benefit. The significant items causing these differences are as follows: State income taxes ) Tax status tax rate change ) Other true-ups ) Equity compensation ) Other permanent differences ) ) ) Research and development tax credits Uncertain tax positions ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) Income tax benefit 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 
 The million and million changes in valuation allowance as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively, are the result of changes in state deferred tax assets related to net operating loss carryforwards and various state modifications. Deferred Income Taxes, Net The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: Net operating loss carryforwards Capitalized research expenses(1) Other Total deferred tax assets Less: valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax asset Deferred tax liabilities Depreciation and amortization ) ) Franchise operating rights ) ) Other ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 

 (1) Under the Tax Cut and Jobs Act of 2017, research and development costs are no longer fully deductible and are required to be capitalized and amortized for U.S tax purposes effective January 1, 2022. The mandatory capitalization requirement increases our deferred tax assets and cash tax liabilities. Valuation Allowance In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. In evaluating the need for a valuation allowance, management takes into account various factors, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies, and results of recent operations. Based on this evaluation, a valuation allowance of million, million and million has been recorded as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, to recognize only the portion of the deferred tax asset, primarily related to state net operating loss carryforwards, that is more likely than not to be realized. The following table summarizes the changes in our valuation allowance for deferred tax assets: Additions charged to income tax expense and other accounts Deductions from reserves ) ) Balance at end of period 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 
 million of federal tax net operating loss carryforwards, which expire between the years 2026 through 2037. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had state tax net operating loss carryforwards of million, of which million are indefinite lived and million expire between 2023 and 2040. As a result of the IPO (effective May 25, 2017), the Company experienced an ownership change as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code resulting in limitations on the Company s use of its existing federal and state net operating losses and capital losses. After December 31, 2022, million of the Company s federal tax loss carryforwards are subject to Section 382 and other restrictions. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had utilized the federal research and development carryforwards. Uncertain Tax Positions These uncertain tax positions, if ever recognized in the financial statements, would be recorded in the consolidated statements of operations as part of the income tax provision. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits, exclusive of interest and penalties, included in other non-current liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of the Company is as follows: Gross increases tax positions in prior period Gross decreases tax positions in prior period ) ) Gross increases tax positions in current period Settlements ) Unrecognized tax benefits December 31st As of December 31, 2022, the Company recorded gross unrecognized tax benefits of million, all of which, if recognized, would affect the Company s effective tax rate. The Company recognizes interest and penalties accrued on uncertain income tax positions as part of the income tax provision. Interest and penalties included in other long-term liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of the Company were million, million, and million for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company does not expect a material change in unrecognized tax benefits or interest reversal in the next 12 months. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions. No tax years for the Company are currently under examination by the IRS or state and local tax authorities for income tax purposes. Generally, the Company s 2019 through 2022 tax years remain open for examination and assessment. Years prior to 2019 remain open solely for purposes of examination of the Company s loss and credit carryforwards. The Company is not currently under examination. Activity related to state and local controversy matters did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022, nor do we anticipate a material impact in the next 12 months. 
 F-31 

Table of Contents) Income from discontinued operations Net (loss) income Basic weighted-average shares Effect of dilutive securities: Restricted stock awards Diluted weighted-average shares Basic and diluted loss per common share - continuing operations Basic ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) Basic and diluted earnings per common share - discontinued operations Basic Diluted Basic and diluted (loss) earnings per common share Basic ) Diluted ) of the participant s voluntary contributions up to and of the next subject to a limit of the first of the participant s compensation. Company matching contributions vest annually over a period. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded million, million and million, respectively, of expense related to the Company s matching contributions to the 401(k) plan. Deferred Compensation Plan In July 2007, the Company implemented a deferred compensation plan. Under this plan, certain members of management and other highly compensated employees may elect to defer a portion of their annual compensation, subject to certain percentage limitations. The assets and liabilities of the plan are included within the Company s financial statements. The assets of the plan are specifically designated as available to the Company solely for the purpose of paying benefits under the Company s deferred compensation plan. However, in the event the Company became insolvent, the investments 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 
 Accrued liabilities and other (current liabilities) million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company pays franchise fees under multi-year franchise agreements based on a percentage of revenues generated from video service per year. Franchise fees and other franchise-related costs included in the accompanying statements of operations were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Programming Contracts In the normal course of business, the Company enters into numerous contracts to license programming content for which the payment obligations are fully contingent on the number of subscribers to whom it provides the content. These contracts typically have annual rate increases and term lengths of three to . Programming expenses are included in operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Legal and Other Contingencies Sprint Patent Infringement Claim. On March 7, 2018, Sprint Communications Company L.P Sprint filed complaints in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware alleging that the Company (and other industry participants) infringe patents purportedly relating to Sprint s Voice over Internet Protocol VoIP services. The lawsuit is part of a pattern of litigation that was initiated as far back as 2007 by Sprint against numerous broadband and telecommunications providers. The Company has multiple legal and contractual defenses and is vigorously defending against the claims. Additionally, the Company is pursuing indemnification claims against equipment providers whose equipment is implicated by the claims. Formal discovery was completed in mid-February 2020, with the court issuing its pre-trial scheduling order with trial scheduled for April 24, 2023. The Company is unable at this time to determine whether the outcome of the litigation would have a material impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. The Company is party to various legal proceedings (including individual, class and putative class actions) arising in the normal course of its business covering a wide range of matters and types of claims including, but not limited to, general contracts, billing disputes, rights of access, programming, taxes, fees and surcharges, consumer protection, trademark and patent infringement, employment, regulatory, tort, claims of competitors and disputes with other carriers. 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 
 separate asset sales with different buyers. On September 1, 2021, WOW completed the sale of its Cleveland and Columbus, Ohio markets and on November 1, 2021, WOW completed the sale of its Chicago, Illinois, Evansville, Indiana and Baltimore, Maryland markets. The Company presented these markets as discontinued operations in the consolidated statements of operations and excluded from continuing operations for all periods in which such discontinued operations are presented. Results of discontinued operations include all revenues and direct expenses of these markets. General corporate overhead is not allocated to discontinued operations. Costs and expenses: Operating (excluding depreciation and amortization) Selling, general and administrative Depreciation and amortization Income from operations Other income (expense): Interest income (expense) ) Gain on sale of assets, net Other income, net Income from discontinued operations before provision for income tax Income tax expense ) ) Income from discontinued operations 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 
 Video Telephony Total Residential subscription Business subscription HSD Video Telephony Total business subscription Total subscription services revenue Other business services revenue Other revenue Total revenue The following table presents specified items of cash flow and significant non-cash items of discontinued operations: 

Year ended December 31, 2021 2020 (in millions) Specified items of cash flow: Capital expenditures Non-cash operating activities: Operating lease additions Non-cash investing activities: Capital expenditure accounts payable and accruals In connection with the asset sales, the Company entered into separate transition services agreements under which WOW will continue to provide certain services to each of the buyers. Under the transition services agreements, the buyers may elect a variety of services, including but not limited to: information technology, network, business support services, etc. The term of the transition services agreements are for following each closing date, respectively, with optional extensions. As of December 31, 2022, the transition services agreements with both buyers were still in effect for certain limited services. of the costs related to the employees, processes or systems utilized to provide the services under the transition services agreements were allocated to discontinued operations. Income earned under these agreements is presented in other income, net in the consolidated statement of operations and associated receivables are presented in accounts receivable other, net in the consolidated balance sheet. The Company recognized million and million of income related to the transition service agreements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. million of our outstanding common stock. From January 1, 2023 through February 24, 2023 we repurchased an additional million shares for approximately million for a total of million shares repurchased in the amount of million since the program s inception. 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 
 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibits required to be filed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K (all of which are under Commission File No. 001-38101, except as otherwise noted): 

Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of WideOpenWest, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-216894) filed on May 15, 2017) 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of WideOpenWest, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-216894) filed on May 15, 2017) 4.1 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-38101) filed on March 4, 2020) 10.1 WideOpenWest, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on November 13, 2017) 10.2 Amendment to the WideOpenWest, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Company s proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed on March 29, 2019) 10.3 WideOpenWest, Inc. Change in Control and Severance Benefit Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K filed on March 7, 2019) 10.4 Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2017, between WideOpenWest, Inc. and Teresa Elder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on December 14, 2017) 10.5 Amended and Restated Letter Agreement of Employment, dated May 29, 2020, between WideOpenWest, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries) and John Rego (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on June 4, 2020) 10.6 Letter Agreement of Employment, dated August 23, 2018, between WideOpenWest, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries) and Don Schena (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on August 29, 2018) 10.7 Amended and Restated Letter Agreement of Employment, dated December 14, 2017, between WideOpenWest, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries) and Craig Martin (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on December 14, 2017) 10.8 Letter Agreement of Employment, dated December 19, 2019, between WideOpenWest, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries) and Henry Hryckiewicz (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2021) 10.9 Letter Agreement of Employment, dated September 13, 2019, between WideOpenWest, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries) and Bill Case (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on November 1, 2019) 10.10 Form of WideOpenWest, Inc. Directors Officers Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-216894) filed on May 15, 2017) 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 10.11 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement Pursuant to the WideOpenWest, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-216894) filed on May 15, 2017) 10.12 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Pursuant to the WideOpenWest, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-216894) filed on May 15, 2017) 10.13 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement Pursuant to the WideOpenWest, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-216894) filed on May 15, 2017) 10.14 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement Pursuant to the WideOpenWest, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-216894) filed on May 15, 2017) 10.15 Form of Performance Unit Agreement Pursuant to the WideOpenWest, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 5, 2020) 10.16 Form of WideOpenWest, Inc. Stockholders Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-216894) filed on May 15, 2017) 10.17 Form of WideOpenWest, Inc. Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-216894) filed on May 15, 2017) 10.18 Asset Purchase Agreement by and between WideOpenWest, Inc., WideOpenWest, Ohio LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, WideOpenWest Cleveland LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Atlantic Broadband (OH), LLC, a U.S. cable operator and subsidiary of Cogeco Communications Inc., and Atlantic Broadband Finance, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 1, 2021) 10.19 Asset Purchase Agreement by and between WideOpenWest, Inc., with Radiate HoldCO, LLC, a telecommunications holding company affiliated with RCN Telecom Services LLC, Grande Communications Networks, LLC and WaveDivision Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 1, 2021) 10.20 Credit Agreement, dated December 20, 2021, by and among WideOpenWest Finance, LLC, WideOpenWest, Inc., the other lenders from time to time party thereto and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. as Administrative Agent Collateral Agent and Issuing Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2021) 21.1 List of Subsidiaries 23.1 Consent of BDO USA, LLP 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 15 U.S.C. Section 10A, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 15 U.S.C. Section 10A, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101 The following financial information from WideOpenWest, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 27, 2023, formatted in iXBRL (inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language) includes: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss); (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit); (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover page, formatted in iXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. 

 Filed herewith. Schedules and certain Exhibits omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule to the SEC upon request, provided, however, that the Company may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Exchange Act, as amended, for any schedule or exhibit so furnished. Management Contract or Compensatory Plan Arrangement 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

WIDEOPENWEST, INC. February 27, 2023 By: /s/ Teresa Elder Teresa Elder Chief Executive Officer February 27, 2023 By: /s/ JOHN S. REGO John S. Rego Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant on February 27, 2023, in the capacities indicated below. 

Signature Title /s/ Teresa Elder Chief Executive Officer Teresa Elder /s/ JOHN S. REGO Chief Financial Officer John S. Rego (principal financial and accounting officer) /s/ GUNJAN BHOW Director Gunjan Bhow /s/ Jill Bright Director Jill Bright /s/ Brian Cassidy Director Brian Cassidy /s/ Daniel Kilpatrick Director Daniel Kilpatrick /s/ Jeffrey Marcus Chairman of the Board of Directors Jeffrey Marcus /s/ Tom McMillin Director Tom McMillin /s/ Phil Seskin Director Phil Seskin /s/ BARRY VOLPERT Director Barry Volpert 
 55 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 wow-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of WideOpenWest, Inc. 

Subsidiary State of Incorporation WideOpenWest Finance, LLC Delaware WideOpenWest Capital Corp. Delaware WideOpenWest Networks Inc. Delaware WideOpenWest Michigan LLC Delaware WideOpenWest Mid-Michigan LLC Delaware WideOpenWest Networks LLC Delaware WideOpenWest Illinois LLC Delaware WideOpenWest Ohio LLC Delaware WideOpenWest Cleveland LLC Delaware Sigecom LLC Indiana Communications One, Inc. Alabama Globe Telecommunications, Inc. Georgia ITC Globe, Inc. Delaware Knology Broadband, Inc. Delaware Knology Data Center Services, Inc. Delaware Knology of Alabama, Inc. Delaware Knology of Augusta, Inc. Delaware Knology of Central Florida, Inc. Delaware Knology of Charleston, Inc. Delaware Knology of Columbus, Inc. Delaware Knology of Florida, LLC Delaware Knology of Georgia, Inc. Delaware Knology of Huntsville, Inc. Delaware Knology of Kansas, Inc. Delaware Knology of Kentucky, Inc. Delaware Knology of Knoxville, Inc. Delaware Knology of Montgomery, Inc. Alabama Knology of Nashville, Inc. Delaware Knology of South Carolina, Inc. Delaware Knology of Tennessee, Inc. Delaware Knology of the Valley, Inc. Georgia Knology of the Wiregrass, Inc. Alabama Knology Total Communications, Inc. Alabama Valley Telephone Co., LLC Alabama Wiregrass Telecom, Inc. Alabama Kite Parent Corp Delaware Knology Inc. Delaware WOW Business Services, LLC Delaware Maryland Broadband, LLC Delaware Anne Arundel Broadband, LLC Delaware WideOpenWest Georgia, LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 wow-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm WideOpenWest, Inc. Englewood, Colorado We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-226732) and Form S-8 (File No. 333-218376 and No. 333-234421) of WideOpenWest, Inc. of our reports dated February 27, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements, and the effectiveness of WideOpenWest, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting, which appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. /s/ BDO USA, LLP Atlanta, Georgia February 27, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 wow-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 15 U.S.C. Section 10A, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Teresa Elder, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of WideOpenWest, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

February 27, 2023 By: /s/ TERESA ELDER Teresa Elder Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 wow-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 15 U.S.C. Section 10A, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, John Rego, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of WideOpenWest, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

February 27, 2023 By: /s/ JOHN REGO John Rego Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 wow-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of WideOpenWest, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Teresa Elder, Chief Executive Officer and John Rego, Chief Financial Officer, of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 February 27, 2023 By: /s/ TERESA ELDER Teresa Elder Chief Executive Officer By: /s/ JOHN REGO John Rego Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 wow-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 wow-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 wow-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 wow-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

