<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1540684_0001493152-23-009846.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9118784</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>318382</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3448422</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2469382</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1255403</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1470091</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009846.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330171917
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009846
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Atlas Lithium Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001540684
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MINING, QUARRYING OF NONMETALLIC MINERALS (NO FUELS) [1400]
		IRS NUMBER:				392078861
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41552
		FILM NUMBER:		23781814

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		433 NORTH CAMDEN DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 810
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS,
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90210
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(833) 661-7900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		433 NORTH CAMDEN DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 810
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS,
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90210

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Brazil Minerals, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130128

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Flux Technologies, Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120127

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009846.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Fiscal Year Ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
from to . 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

- 
 , Minas Gerais, 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

- 

(Registrants s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading 
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company , in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b).

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) . Yes 

As
of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate
market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates (based on the closing sales price of such shares on such
date as reported by otcmarkets.com) was approximately . 

As
of March 27, 2023, there were outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock. 

 DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: . 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 28 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 41 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 41 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 42 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 42 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 43 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 44 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 44 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 52 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 52 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 52 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 52 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 53 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 53 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 53 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 59 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 63 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 64 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 64 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 65 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 66 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 67 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F-1 

2 

 Table of Contents 

MARKET
INFORMATION 

This
Annual Report contains certain industry and market data that were obtained from third-party sources, such as industry surveys and industry
publications, including, but not limited to, publications by Azoth Analytics, Benchmark Mineral Intelligence, Bloomberg LP, BNEF,
Emergen Research, Trading Economics, and the U.S. Department of the Interior. This Annual Report also contains other industry and market
data, including market sizing estimates, growth and other projections and information regarding our competitive position, prepared by
our management on the basis of such industry sources and our management s knowledge of and experience in the industry and markets
in which we operate (including management s estimates and assumptions relating to such industry and markets based on that knowledge).
Our management has developed its knowledge of such industry and markets through its experience and participation in these markets. 

In
addition, industry surveys and industry publications generally state that the information they contain has been obtained from sources
believed to be reliable but that the accuracy and completeness of such information is not guaranteed and that any projections they contain
are based on a number of significant assumptions. Forecasts, projections and other forward-looking information obtained from these sources
involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed in the section Forward-Looking
Statements below. You should not place undue reliance on these statements. 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report contains forward-looking statements. We intend such forward-looking statements to
be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
 A ll statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this Annual Report
are forward-looking statements, including without limitation, statements regarding current expectations, as of the date of
this Annual Report, our future results of operations and financial position, our ability
to effectively process our minerals and achieve commercial grade at scale; risks and hazards inherent
in the mining business (including risks inherent in exploring, developing, constructing and operating mining projects, environmental
hazards, industrial accidents, weather or geologically related conditions); our ability to derive any financial success from the Memorandum
of Understanding entered into with Mitsui Co., Ltd. in December 2022; uncertainty about our ability to obtain required capital
to execute our business plan; our ability to hire and retain required personnel; changes in the market prices of lithium and lithium
products and demand for such products; the uncertainties inherent in exploratory, developmental and production activities, including
risks relating to permitting, zoning and regulatory delays related to our projects; uncertainties inherent in the estimation of lithium
resources . T hese statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important
factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from any future results, performance
or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 

In
some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, 
 expect, plan, anticipate, could, intend, target, 
 project, contemplate, believe, estimate, predict, potential ,
or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions Factors
that could cause future results to materially differ from the recent results or those projected in forward-looking statements include,
but are not limited to: unprofitable efforts resulting not only from the failure to discover mineral deposits, but also from finding
mineral deposits that, though present, are insufficient in quantity and quality to return a profit from production; market fluctuations;
government regulations, including regulations relating to royalties, allowable production, importing and exporting of minerals, and environmental
protection; competition; the loss of services of key personnel; unusual or infrequent weather phenomena, sabotage, government or other
interference in the maintenance or provision of infrastructure as well as general economic conditions. 

The
forward-looking statements in this Annual Report are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our
current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report and are subject to a number
of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including the
factors described under the sections in this Annual Report titled Risk Factors and Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

You
should read this Annual Report and the documents that we reference in this Annual Report completely and with the understanding that our
actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary
statements. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained
herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise. 

3 

 Table of Contents 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

Overview 

Atlas
Lithium Corporation Atlas Lithium , the Company , we , us , or our 
refer to Atlas Lithium Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries) is a mineral exploration and development company with lithium projects
and exploration properties in other critical and battery minerals, including nickel, rare earths, graphite, and titanium, to power the
increased demand for electrification in our daily living, as exemplified by the rise in demand for electric vehicles, and simultaneous
transition away from fossil fuels. Our current focus is on developing our hard-rock lithium project located in Minas Gerais State in
Brazil at a well-known, premier pegmatitic district in Brazil. We intend to produce and sell lithium concentrate, a key ingredient for
the global battery supply chain. 

We
are also in the initial stages of planning to develop and own 100 of a plant capable of producing 150,000 tons of lithium concentrate
annually. However, there can be no assurance that such a facility may ultimately come to fruition or, if developed, that the production
capacity will equal our expectations. 

In
December 2022, we signed a non-binding Memorandum of Understanding MOU with Mitsui Co., Ltd. Mitsui ),
a global enterprise headquartered in Tokyo. The MOU contemplates potential funding from Mitsui to us of up to 65 million, to be made
in tranches and subject to the achievement of specific milestones acceptable to Mitsui, that would give Mitsui the right to buy, at market
price, up to 100 of our production from our planned plant with output capacity of 150,000 tons of lithium concentrate per year. There
are no certainties that we will enter into a binding agreement with Mitsui, or that we will achieve any milestones acceptable to Mitsui
or receive any funding from them. 

All
of our mineral projects and properties are located in Brazil and, as of the date of this Annual Report, our mineral rights portfolio
for critical and battery minerals includes approximately 75,040 acres (304 km2) for lithium in 64 mineral rights, 54,950 acres for nickel
(222 km2) in 15 mineral rights, 30,054 acres (122 km2) for rare earths in seven mineral rights, 22,050 acres (89 km2) for titanium in
seven mineral rights, and 13,766 acres (56 km2) for graphite in three mineral rights. 

Minas
Gerais Lithium Project 

Our
Minas Gerais Lithium Project is currently our largest endeavor and primary focus. This project is located in northeastern Minas Gerais,
Brazil along the prolific Eastern Brazilian Pegmatite Province EBP that extends more than 850 kilometers across eastern
Minas Gerais. Pegmatites are igneous bodies derived during the final stages of crystallization of a larger parent igneous intrusion,
most commonly a granitic rock. They are distinctive for their very coarse-grained crystalline texture, and in some instances, complex
composition with unusual minerals and rare elements. Commercially productive lithium mineralization along the EBP is centered around
the Ara ua mining district which is host to the majority of Brazil s commercial lithium production and reported
mineral reserves. 

Our
current lithium property position in the State of Minas Gerais comprises 57 mineral rights totaling 58,774 acres (304
km 2 which include five main clusters of prospective mineralization: Neves (currently being explored by drilling
campaign), Itinga, Salinas, Santa Clara, and Tesouras. Our Neves and Santa Clara clusters are located directly adjacent to and
along trend of a large cluster of lithium deposits currently being developed by Sigma Lithium Resources (Nasdaq: SGML). 

Because
of the region s long mining history, basic local infrastructure near our mineral properties ranges from adequate to robust, with
access to hydroelectric power and water supplies, a well-established road network with direct access to commercial ports. Basic goods
and services, industrial suppliers and a skilled and semi-skilled labor force are also generally available from the surrounding communities
where we operate. 

Since
initiating exploration at our Minas Gerais Lithium Project in early 2021, we have confirmed the widespread presence of hard-rock lithium-bearing
pegmatites across our property portfolio. 

During
the second quarter of 2022, we engaged SLR International Corporation SLR to prepare an initial Technical Report Summary TRS compliant with the requirements of Items 1300 through 1305 of Regulation S-K Regulation S-K 1300 on the ongoing and planned exploration of our 100 -owned Neves Lithium Project, located in Ara ua , Minas Gerais, Brazil
(the Neves Project ). SLR is a global technical consulting firm which is well-known in the mining industry as a premier provider of technical
reporting and certification. SLR visited our project site and discussed technical details with our geologists during the preparation
of the TRS. 

The
TRS on the Neves Project is included as Exhibit 96.2 to this Annual Report. The effective date of such report is August 10, 2022. 

Geology 

The
EBP is considered to be one of the world s largest geologic belts of granites and related pegmatite intrusive bodies, encompassing
more than 150,000 km 2 and with more than 90 of the belt located in eastern Minas Gerais state. Pegmatites are igneous rocks
that form during the final stages of a granitic magma s crystallization. They are readily identifiable by their exceptionally coarse
crystalline texture, with individual crystals averaging one centimeter or more in size. Most pegmatites have a simple mineral composition
common to granitic rocks, however some may also contain less common minerals that are rarely found in other types of rocks. These include
lithium minerals of commercial interest such as spodumene which can contain up to 3.73 Li (8.03 LiO 2 ), and petalite with
up to 2.09 Li (4.50 LiO 2 ). 

4 

 Table of Contents 

Our
project area encompasses multiple areas of mineralized pegmatites, in general occurring as series of sub-parallel elongate tabular bodies,
referred to as pegmatite dike swarms, hosted in metamorphic shists. Individual pegmatite bodies range from several meters
to more than 50 meters thick and from tens of meters up to one (1) kilometer in lateral strike length. They are primarily composed of
the minerals quartz, feldspar and mica with localized concentrations of spodumene and petalite. Individual feldspar and spodumene crystals
can reach up to two meters in length, but typically are more homogeneously distributed and ranging in size from one to a few centimeters
in length. 

Exploration 

Since
initiating our exploration program in 2021, our team has focused on evaluating the Neves target area through a systematic approach involving
a combination of basic prospecting, geologic field mapping, trenching and geochemical sampling, and diamond drilling. 

Exploration
Targets 

Neves
target area 

From August 2021 to March 2023, 81 diamond drill holes totaling 9,285 meters
have been completed at Atlas flagship Das Neves Neves property. At Neves, our current focus is on the Abelhas pegmatite
cluster, a system of northeasterly trending intrusive dikes (or dike swarm that has been mapped over an approximate 1,000-meter
by 400-meter area. 

5 

 Table of Contents 

6 

 Table of Contents 

Seven
diamond drill core rigs are currently operating, with an eighth drill expected for early April 2023. 

Recently,
we released assay results for the drill holes completed at Neves . Significant highlights for such drill holes include: 

1.72 
 Li 2 O over 3.5 meters Estimated True Width ETW in hole AB-11 

1.22 
 Li 2 O over 17.3 meters ETW in hole AB-11B 

1.33 
 Li2O over 4.8 meters ETW in hole AB-12 
 1.21 
 Li2O over 7.9 meters ETW in hole AB-13 

1.00 
 Li 2 O over 18.2 meters ETW in hole AB-15 

1.00 
 Li2O over 8.0 meters ETW in hole AB-18 

1.00 
 Li 2 O over 21.2 meters ETW in hole AB-21 
 1.49 
 Li2O over 8.0 meters ETW in hole AB-39B 
 1.29 
 Li2O over 6.9 meters ETW in hole AB-39B 
 1.30
 Li2O over 27.0 meters ETW in hole AB-41 
 1.37 
 Li2O over 14.0 meters ETW in hole AB-57 
 1.15 
 Li2O over 21.6 meters ETW in hole AB-64 

Initially,
drilling at Abelhas began immediately south of the historic working, returning multiple pegmatite intercepts over thicknesses ranging
from 1 to 11 meters ETW. As the majority of these intercepts were relatively shallow and within 50 meters vertical depth from surface,
lithium contents were generally low due to the effects of near-surface weathering and oxidation. Systematic step-out drilling to the
south has returned multiple intercepts of higher-grade lithium mineralization hosted in fresh un-weathered pegmatite with grades ranging
from 1.00 Li 2 O to as high as 3.26 Li 2 O. 

In
February 2023, a new target named Anitta was intercepted, extending the Neves trend ore body to approximately
1.1 kilometer. The initial Anitta drilling holes (southeast of the mineralization trend) intersected pegmatite intervals with spodumene
mineralization, including a section of 4.40 Li 2 O. A grid of 100 drill holes is currently being executed encompassing areas
on and around the Southwestern portion of Anitta, as well as areas connecting the Southwestern portion of Anitta to the original Abelhas
target. This drilling campaign phase is expected to be finalized in eight weeks. 

Main
intersects of the new target: 

DHAB-69
 02 intersects totaling 16.0 meters of pegmatite. 

 DHAB-68
 04 intersects totaling 67.1 meters of pegmatite. 

 DHAB-70
 04 intersects totaling 44.6 meters of pegmatite. 

 DHAB-77
 02 intersects totaling 29.1 meters of pegmatite. 

 DHAB-47
 03 intersects totaling 28.3 meters of pegmatite. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

Additionally,
through geological mapping in the identification of new outcrops and the soil geochemistry work carried out so far, new trends mineralized
in lithium to the East and Northwest of Abelhas were identified, as shown in the map below. Exploration holes are planned for early April
2023 in these respective areas. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

Geological
map indicating potential mineralized pegmatite bodies northwest of the traverse. 

Soil
Geochemistry 

Since
November 2022, soil geochemistry campaigns have been started in the Neves project with the aim of identifying areas with the existence
of a lithium anomaly and also comparing the anomalies with data from the geological mapping already carried out. 

The
survey was guided by NW-SE direction lines spaced every 100 meters. Sampling points were defined along these lines, every 25 meters on
average, depending on physiographic conditions (topography, vegetation, obstacles such as outcrops). For the process of collecting soil
samples, a portable mechanized auger equipped with a gasoline engine, rods and drills or shells was used. The sample collection was carried
out with an average depth of 1 meter, in order to go beyond the layer of organic soil. 

9 

 Table of Contents 

Drilling
sampling machine. 

The
first campaign was carried out in November 2022 with the results obtained in December. A second campaign started at the end of January
2023 and ended at the beginning of March 2023. Part of the chemical results of the second campaign have already been made available and
interpreted. Additional soil geochemistry campaigns are underway and planned. 

10 

 Table of Contents 

11 

 Table of Contents 

Map
1: results of the first soil campaign and part of the 2nd campaign. 

Map
2: General overview and planning of upcoming campaigns 

In
parallel with our ongoing drilling campaign at Neves, our field crews have also been actively conducting field reconnaissance surveys
over our other exploration mineral rights in the district. This work has so far resulted in the positive identification by our Qualified
Person for lithium of multiple pegmatite occurrences exposed in surface outcrops and historic artisanal mine workings. 

12 

 Table of Contents 

Tesouras
Target 

At
the Tesouras Target, reconnaissance field mapping and sampling has returned multiple samples containing anomalous lithium in association
with petalite mineralization exposed at surface. 

13 

 Table of Contents 

Santa
Clara Target 

At
the Santa Clara Target, preliminary reconnaissance mapping has identified petalite-bearing pegmatite with anomalous concentrations of
lithium exposed in an inactive artisanal mine working and nearby outcrops that are exposed over an area measuring approximately 100 meters
long by 30 meters wide. The three other pegmatites identified in the Santa Clara area have been mapped over areas ranging from 150 to
240 meters in length by 10 to 15 meters in width. All three of these bodies are only partially exposed at surface, remaining open in
both directions along strike and at depth. 

14 

 Table of Contents 

Salinas
Target 

At
the Salinas Target, preliminary field reconnaissance by our team of geologists has identified several spodumene-bearing pegmatites. The
exposed outcropping portion of one of these pegmatites measures approximately 200 meters in length by 40 meters in width. This pegmatite
is located one kilometer from Lavra do Oscar, a large artisanal mining site that has produced spodumene in the past. 

15 

 Table of Contents 

Itinga
Target 

The
Itinga project includes four newly acquired mineral rights and two mineral rights previously owned by us 

Geological
mapping work was carried out in these areas and areas with potential lithium mineralization were identified. 

Expressive
pegmatitic body outcropping in artisanal mines 

Northeastern
Brazil Lithium Project 

Our
Northeastern Brazil Lithium Project encompasses seven mineral rights spread over approximately 16,266 acres (66 km 2 in the
States of Para ba and Rio Grande do Norte, both located in Brazil s Northeastern region. We have identified pegmatites in
many of our areas, and several of our mineral rights are located near to or adjacent to areas known to have spodumene, a lithium-bearing
mineral. We plan to continue to explore our areas to assess whether we have any economic deposits. 

16 

 Table of Contents 

Metallurgical
Testing 

A
comprehensive metallurgical testing of a representative ore sample of our Neves Project has been carried out at the SGS analytical
laboratory in Lakefield, Canada SGS Lakefield ). SGS Lakefield is a world-renowned testing facility within the mining
industry and has been providing independent assessments since 1941. Preliminary results from studies with our ore indicate three
important characteristics: easy separation of lithium, robust concentration of lithium, and low impurities such as iron. SGS
Lakefield was able to process our ore to commercial grade spodumene concentrate (also called lithium concentrate) using standard
dense media separation DMS methods. We expect to receive the complete report on such studies from SGS Lakefield in
April 2023. 

Looking
forward, in parallel with our ongoing exploration program, we plan to conduct metallurgical testing on an ongoing basis as we continue
to drill test and delineate potential lithium mineral resources across our property portfolio. 

Lithium 

Market 

In
2021, the Global Lithium market was valued at USD 4,650 Million in 2021 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 13.5 during the forecast
period of 2023-2028. The market for lithium-ion batteries is predicted to grow even larger over the forecast period as a result of the
electrification of cars. 

Due
to the strict rules that ICE automakers must adhere to in order to minimize carbon dioxide emissions from automobiles, the automotive
application market is predicted to increase significantly over the course of the projection period. This has caused automakers to become
more interested in creating EVs, which is expected to increase demand for lithium and related goods. Together with investments in this
area, government subsidies for Electric Vehicles (EVs) are projected to serve as an additional catalyst for the market s expansion. 

Source:
 Global Lithium Market (2023 Edition) - Analysis By Value and Volume, Source (Brine, Hardrock), Applications, End Users, By Region,
By Country: Market Size, Insights, Competition, Covid-19 Impact and Forecast (2023-2028). Azoth Analytics. Published: February, 2023.
Accessed: March, 2023. 

Electric
Vehicle Demand 

Increasing
demand for lithium for manufacturing EV batteries is another factor driving market revenue growth. Despite the effects of COVID-19 in
the automobile industry, sales of EVs increased by almost 50 in 2020 and increased almost double to about seven million units in 2021.
When compared to a five-year average of about USD 14,500 per metric ton, lithium prices have risen by about 550 in a year due to surge
in EV demand. By the beginning of March 2022, price of lithium carbonate had surpassed USD 75,000 per metric ton and price of lithium
hydroxide had surpassed USD 65,000 per metric ton. Moreover, almost all traction batteries used currently in EVs and consumer gadgets
are produced using lithium, while other uses for lithium-ion (Li-ion) batteries include everything from energy storage to air travel.
There are numerous unknowns regarding how the battery market will impact future lithium demand as battery content changes depending on
active materials mix and new battery technologies are entering the market. For instance, compared to currently popular mixes using a
graphite anode and lithium metal anode, which increases energy density in batteries, has roughly quadruple lithium needs per kilowatt-hour. 

Source:
 Lithium Mining Market, By Source, By Type (Chloride, Lithium Hydroxide, Carbonate, and Concentrate), By End-Use (Flux Powder, Polymers,
Batteries, Refrigeration, Air Conditioning Equipment, and Glass Ceramics), By Region Forecast to 2030. Emergen Research. Published:
September, 2022. Accessed: March, 2023. 

17 

 Table of Contents 

Recent
Developments Potentially Affecting Lithium Demand 

United
States 

On
August 25, 2022, the Washington Post published an article titled Did California just kill the gas-powered car? and
with the sub-heading California s decision to ban the sales of combustion engine cars is the latest victory in the transition
to electric vehicles, stating among things that: 

California,
which already leads the nation with 18 of new cars sold electric, is expected to approve a regulation to ban the sales of
new gas-only powered vehicles by 2035. In addition to EVs, only a limited number of plug-in hybrids will be allowed to be sold and that
in California s car market is only slightly smaller than those of France, Italy and Britain - and while many countries have promised
to phase out sales of gas cars by such-and-such date, few have concrete regulations like California. 

18 

 Table of Contents 

US
EV battery demand is strong 

European
Union 

On
June 8, 2022, the European Union Parliament voted to ban the sale of new diesel and gasoline cars and vans starting in 2035. 

Although
no assurances can be given, these recent developments, if left unchallenged, may potentially increase demand for lithium in the U.S.,
European Union and other jurisdictions adopting similar bans on gas-powered vehicles. 

Dynamic Lithium Prices 

Directly relevant to our goal to produce lithium concentrate (also
called spodumene concentrate) for sale, it is important to note that the prices of such commodity have been volatile. According to Platts,
a unit of S P Global, a market intelligence firm, the price of spodumene concentrate FOB Australia (ticker symbol: BATSP03) was 6,300
per ton on January 13, 2023 and more recently, on March 27, 2023, it was 4,750. 

19 

 Table of Contents 

Current
Predictions 

Benchmark
Mineral Intelligence, a well-respected global consulting firm specializing in the battery supply chain market, predicts that: 

i) 
 demand
 for lithium-ion batteries is set to grow six-fold by 2032 as global automakers scale up production of EVs, and 

ii) 
 to
 meet the world s lithium requirements would require 74 new lithium mines with an average size of 45,000 tonnes by 2035. 

Future
Production and Sales 

We
expect the demand for our lithium concentrate, once in production, to be facilitated by Brazil s strong mining tradition and its
substantial annual trade with China, the United States, and the European Union. We intend to utilize third party intermediaries for the
sale of our products to allow us to focus on our core competencies of exploration and extraction. 

Other
Mineral Properties 

We also have 100 -ownership of early-stage projects and properties in other
minerals that are needed in the battery supply chain and high technology applications such as nickel, rare earths, graphite, and titanium.
We believe that the shift from fossil fuels to battery power will yield long-term opportunities for us not only in lithium but also in
the other critical and battery minerals. 

Additionally,
we have 100 -ownership of several mining concessions for gold and diamonds, two of which also include industrial sand. As our corporate
focus became our lithium properties and those of other critical minerals, we stopped alluvial gold and diamond exploration efforts in
2018 and the sale of our industrial sand in 2022. 

As
of the date of this Annual Report we also own: (i) 45.11 of the common stock of Apollo Resources Corporation Apollo Resources ),
a private company with exploration projects for iron in Brazil, and primarily focused on the development of its initial iron mine, located
in the municipality of Rio Piracicaba in the state of Minas Gerais, for which it received in October 2022 a permit to mine from Agencia
Nacional de Mineracao ANM , the Brazilian mining department) and awaits the operational license from Superintendencia do
Meio Ambiente SUPRAM , the State of Minas Gerais environmental department) within the next 12 months and (ii) 28.72 of
Jupiter Gold Corporation Jupiter Gold ), a publicly-traded company with exploration projects for gold and a developing
quartzite quarry operation, all in Brazil, and whose common stock is quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol JUPGF . The quartzite
mine is fully permitted by ANM and SUPRAM and is expected to start operations later in 2023 

We
have determined that Apollo Resources and Jupiter Gold represent Variable Interest Entities (see our Variable Interest Entities 
discussion on page [34] of this Annual Report). As a result of such determination, the results of operations from both Apollo Resources
and Jupiter Gold are consolidated in our financial statements under the United States general accepted accounting principles U.S.
GAAP ). 

Nickel
 Cobalt 

Market 

Nickel
and cobalt are key battery minerals needed for the growth phase in EV production. Cobalt is on the list of the 35 minerals considered
critical to the economic and national security of the United States as first published by the U.S. Department of the Interior on May
18, 2018. In general, the greater the amount of nickel and cobalt, the greater the energy density of an EV battery, a factor that contributes
to the storage of more energy. As a practical example of the importance of nickel and cobalt, EVs whose batteries have a higher energy
density can run more kilometers before a recharge is needed. According to Benchmark Mineral Intelligence,
 72 mining projects with an average size of 42,500 tonnes will be required to meet battery demand for refined nickel by
2035 . 

Summary
of Our Opportunity 

We
own 15 mineral rights for nickel (including two mineral rights for both nickel and cobalt) totaling approximately 54,950 acres (222 km 2 ).
These mineral rights are divided in two sub-groups according to geography: Nickel I Properties in the State of Goi s and Nickel
II Properties in the State of Piau . Several of our mineral rights are located near to or adjacent to areas of known nickel and
associated cobalt mineralization. 

Nickel
and associated cobalt mineralization often occurs as near-surface deposits hosted within a large complex of magnesium and iron rich
plutonic rocks, referred to as ultramafics, that originally formed in the earth s lower crust and upper mantle. In addition to
magnesium and iron, ultramafic rocks typically contain minor amounts of nickel along with lesser amounts of cobalt. Tectonic uplift of
the ultramafic sequence followed by exposure to intense tropical weathering processes has resulted in the formation of a nickel and cobalt
enriched rock commonly referred to as nickel laterite. Nickel laterite deposits currently account for 40 of global nickel production
are becoming an increasingly important source of nickel metal for world demand. They typically occur as very large tonnage, low grade
deposits, and being close to the surface, are very amenable to open pit mining methods. 

20 

 Table of Contents 

Our
Nickel I property located in the Niquelandia district in north-central Goi s state has been Brazil s national center of
commercial nickel production since the early 1980 s. Here nickel laterite mineralization is reported to occur in nickel-bearing
iron oxides and clays which are processed via pyrometallurgical recovery methods. Cobalt is recovered as a secondary by-product. Our
Nickel II property in southeastern Piau state is located in the general area of a newly commissioned open pit mining operation
which commenced commercial production earlier this year. Based on reports published by the mine operator, a publicly traded company,
nickel laterite mineralization in the area occurs as clay-poor, oxide rich material amenable to lower cost heap leach recovery methods.
This relatively new approach to nickel ore processing and recovery offers the potential for the commercial development of lower grade
resources that would otherwise be uneconomic using more conventional pyrometallurgical recovery methods. 

We
plan to assess the potential of our nickel-cobalt properties through a systematic three-phase exploration approach. The first phase will
involve a combination of analysis and interpretation of commercially available remote sensing satellite data, followed by geologic field
reconnaissance and regional scale geochemical stream sediment sampling to identify areas offering the best potential for new nickel-cobalt
discoveries. Based on the results of the first phase, the second phase will involve a combination of more detailed geologic mapping,
geochemical soil and rock grid sampling, and airborne and ground-based geophysical surveys to identify and prioritize the most prospective
areas for drill targeting. The third phase will involve first pass reconnaissance drilling of selected targets to test the presence and
distribution of prospective mineralization, with additional follow-up drilling to be conducted as results warrant. 

Rare
Earths 

Market 

The
rare earth elements REE are on the list of the 35 minerals considered critical to the economic and national security
of the United States as first published by the U.S. Department of the Interior on May 18, 2018. REEs consist of the lanthanide series
(lanthanum, cerium, praseodymium, neodymium, promethium, samarium, europium, gadolinium, terbium, dysprosium, holmium, erbium, thulium,
ytterbium, and lutetium) as well as scandium and yttrium. REEs are classified as light and heavy based on
atomic number. Light REEs (LREEs) are comprised of lanthanum through gadolinium (atomic numbers 57 through 64). Heavy REEs (HREEs) are
comprised of terbium through lutetium (atomic numbers 65 through 71) and yttrium (atomic number 39), which has similar chemical and physical
attributes to the HREEs. Neodymium and praseodymium are key critical materials in the manufacturing of magnets that have the highest
magnetic strength among commercially available magnets and enable high energy density and high energy efficiency in diverse uses. Dysprosium
and terbium are key critical materials often added to the magnet alloys to increase the operating temperature. HREEs tend to be less
abundant and more expensive than LREEs. 

Summary
of Our Opportunity 

We
own seven mineral rights for rare earths totaling approximately 30,054 acres (122 km 2 ). These mineral rights are divided in
two sub-types according to geology: Rare Earths I Properties in the States of Goi s and Tocantins, and Rare Earths II Properties
in the State of Bahia. Several of our mineral rights are located near to or adjacent to areas known to have rare earths deposits. Preliminary
geochemical sampling of some of our areas indicated presence of rare earths. We plan to continue to explore our areas to assess as to
whether we have any economic deposits. 

Titanium 

Titanium
is on the list of the 35 minerals considered critical to the economic and national security of the United States as first published by
the U.S. Department of the Interior on May 18, 2018. Titanium can withstand high temperatures and its non-magnetic nature prevents interference
with data storage components. It has widespread use in high-technology and aerospace applications. 

21 

 Table of Contents 

We
own seven mineral rights for titanium totaling approximately 22,050 acres (89 km 2 ). These mineral rights are all located in
the State of Minas Gerais and are referred to as our Titanium Properties. Several of our mineral rights are located near to or adjacent
to areas known to have titanium deposits. We plan to explore our areas to assess as to whether we have any economic deposits. 

Graphite 

Graphite
is on the list of the 35 minerals considered critical to the economic and national security of the United States as first published by
the U.S. Department of the Interior on May 18, 2018. Graphite is the most used anode in lithium batteries, benefitting from its high
energy and power density. The global need for high-quality, low impurity graphite is directly related to the growth in EV adoption as
discussed above. According to Benchmark Mineral Intelligence, to meet demand for anode materials, an estimated 97 natural flake graphite
mines will need to be built by 2035, assuming an average size of 56,000 tonnes a year and no contribution from recycling. 

We
own three mineral rights for graphite totaling approximately 13,766 acres (56 km 2 ). These mineral rights are all located in
the State of Minas Gerais and are referred to as our Graphite Properties. All of our mineral rights are located immediately adjacent
to areas known for graphite deposits. We plan to explore our areas to assess as to whether we have any economic deposits. 

Iron
(Through Our Partial Ownership of Apollo Resources Corporation) 

Market 

Historically,
iron has been an essential metal to human development and economic growth. According to the U.S. Geological Survey, over 98 of mined
iron ore is used in steel manufacturing. Brazil is the second biggest iron ore producer and exporter in the world, after Australia. Despite
the COVID-19 pandemic, iron ore prices reached a six-year high in 2021 primarily fueled by demand from China, the largest importer, while
demand from India continues to increase, according to Trading Economics, a market intelligence firm. 

Summary
of Our Opportunity 

Our
subsidiary, Apollo Resources, is focused on iron projects in Brazil. Apollo Resources currently owns 56,290 acres of mineral rights for
iron distributed in six projects, five of which are in early stage while its Rio Piracicaba Project in Brazil s well-known Iron
Quadrangle mining district is being advanced towards an iron mine, expected to begin operations in 2024 (the Rio Piracicaba Project ).
The Iron Quadrangle is one of the premier iron producing regions in the world. 

In
2020, Apollo Resources acquired from a third-party 641-acre mineral right where its Rio Piracicaba Project is now located. This mineral
right sits immediately adjacent to Agua Limpa, a producing iron mine owned and operated by Vale S.A. (NYSE: VALE). 

During
the first and second quarters of 2021, detailed drilling and trenching under the supervision of iron geologists was carried out in approximately
10 of the mineral right area encompassing the Rio Piracicaba Project. Subsequently, a Qualified Person for iron, as the term is defined
in Regulation S-K 1300, worked on the analysis and interpretation of the geotechnical work performed. 

A
Technical Report Summary of the Rio Piracicaba Project (the Rio Piracicaba TRS prepared in accordance with the
requirements of Regulation S-K 1300 is included as Exhibit 96.1 to this Annual Report. The effective date of Rio Piracicaba TRS is
March 30, 2022. This report was prepared by Orlando Garcia Rocha Filho, a principal at RCS Geologia e Meio Ambiente Ltda., and
Volodymyr Myadzel, PhD, an independent consultant at the time, and currently a member of 
our internal lithium geological team. With respect to the Rio Piracicaba TRS, Mr. Rocha Filho and Dr, Myadzel are Qualified Persons
for Iron according to Regulation S - K 1300. 

Apollo
Resources has full and titled ownership of the mineral right in which the Rio Piracicaba Project is being developed and 100 -ownership
of such project. Therefore, the resources presented in the Rio Piracicaba TRS are attributable to Apollo Resources interest in
such property. A summary table for each class of mineral resource (measured, indicated, and inferred) as found in the Rio Piracicaba
TRS is also included below: 

Measured
 Mineral Resource 
 Indicated
 Mineral Resource 
 Inferred
 Mineral Resource 

Amount 
 (tons) 
 Grade 
 Amount 
 (tons) 
 Grade 
 iron) 
 Amount 
 (tons) 
 Grade 
 iron) 
 
 Iron
 - Rio Piracicaba Project 
 - 
 - 
 2,646,141 
 33.74 
 5,206,771 
 30.40 

The
following disclosures apply to the summary table above: 

1.
 Mineral Resources is defined in accordance with the requirements of Regulation S-K 1300. 

 2.
Mineral Resources are estimated at a cut-off grade of 20 iron. 

 3.
Mineral Resources are estimated using a long-term iron ore price of US 90 per dry metric tonne for the Platts/IODEX 62 iron fines CFR
China, and US /BRL exchange rate of 5.25. 

 4.
Reasonable prospects for economic extraction were determined by benchmarking similar operations and developing a 20 iron cut-off grade
based on operating costs. 

 5.
The effective date is March 30, 2022. 

The
specific point of reference for the mineral resources estimated in the Rio Piracicaba Project has the following coordinates: 19 o
 56 24.40 S and 43 o 12 7.58 W. The specific point of reference is also identified in the
map below. 

22 

 Table of Contents 

In
October 2022, Apollo Resources received from ANM, an initial permit to commercially mine its Rio Piracicaba Project. During 2021 and
part of 2022, all studies required for the operational licensing of an iron mine have been completed and such permit application
submitted by Apollo Resources to SUPRAM, where the analysis of such request takes place, may take an additional 12 months from the
date of this Annual Report. 

As
of the date of this Report, Atlas Lithium owns 45.11 of the common stock of Apollo Resources. 

23 

 Table of Contents 

Quartzite
(Through Our Subsidiary Jupiter Gold Corporation) 

Market 

Quartzite
is a very hard rock composed predominantly of an interlocking mosaic of quartz crystals. Recently polished quartzite slabs have become
sought after as a higher-end substitute to granite in kitchen countertops and tiles. Brazil has a robust quartzite mining industry
centered in the neighboring the States of Minas Gerais and Esp rito Santo with smaller producers being the norm. Each quarry produces
quartzite of different color and texture and therefore stones are unique to their location. Mining is via simple open pit procedures,
not particularly labor intensive, and with the mined product normally prepared as cubes of raw quartzite measuring ten meters in each
diameter. Buyers are normally responsible for the logistics of transporting such raw quartzite blocks from the mine. Buyers for quartzite
mined in Brazil are primarily from four locations: Brazil itself, United States, China, and Italy. It is common for mines to develop
an exclusive selling relationship to a buyer. 

Summary
of Our Opportunity 

While
our subsidiary Jupiter Gold is primarily focused on gold in Brazil, in one of its mineral rights, measuring 233 acres, a greenfield deposit
of quartzite was identified by its exploration team and became its Quartzite Project . The Quartzite Project is in the State
of Minas Gerais in Brazil, in a region known for quartzite mining. 

In
2021, Jupiter Gold studied the Quartzite Project with detailed drilling, and a preliminary volumetric estimate of a deposit was
obtained. In 2021, Yan Taffner Binda, a mining engineer with vast experience in quartzite, who meets the definition of a Qualified
Person in Regulation S-K 1300, prepared the operational plan for an open pit quarry at the Quartzite Project. An initial mining license
from ANM has been obtained. 

In
2021, Geoline, an independent engineering and environmental licensing consultancy, performed the field studies needed to file Jupiter
Gold s petition to the applicable regulatory body for an operation license. Jupiter Gold s expectation is to obtain such
approval within the next three to six months, which would allow it to start operations and thereafter revenues in 2023. Jupiter Gold
anticipates that its quartzite quarry will require five on-site full-time employees; expected prices for the type of color and texture
of the quartzite anticipated to be mined range from 1,200 to 2,000 per cubic meter. In December 2022, Jupiter Gold received the operational
license for its quartzite mine, and plans to begin operations in 2023. 

As
of the date of this Report, we own 28.72 of the common stock of Jupiter Gold. 

Gold
(Through Our Subsidiary Jupiter Gold Corporation) 

Market 

Brazil
has been a gold producer for over 200 years. According to the World Gold Council, in 2021 Brazil produced 90.1 tons of gold
and was the 14 th largest gold producer country. Minas Gerais was the largest gold producing
state in Brazil, accounting for over half of the country s production in 2021, according to Statista, a market intelligence firm. 

Summary
of Our Opportunity 

Our
subsidiary Jupiter Gold owns 142,017 acres of mineral rights for gold distributed in seven projects, six of which are in early stage
while one of them, the Alpha Project, has been preliminarily researched and is being developed towards a gold mine. The
Alpha Project is located in the State of Minas Gerais at the eastern edge of the Iron Quadrangle mining district, the number one gold-producing
region in Brazil. 

24 

 Table of Contents 

Jupiter
Gold s 100 -owned Alpha Project encompasses 31,650 acres distributed in twelve mineral rights for gold. Approximately 2 of this
total area has been studied over 15 years ago by a prior owner, by drilling superficial terrain layers of saprolite and colluvium and
identifying gold in multiple targets. The technical report produced at that time under the ANM standard had an estimated gold mineralization
for the small area of the deposit in which work was performed. 

In
2020, detailed trenching under the supervision of gold geologists was carried out in approximately 2 of the mineral right area encompassing
the Alpha Project. In 2021, Oxford Geoconsultants, a technical consulting firm with a geologist that meets the Qualified Person definition
of Regulation S-K 1300, released an independent technical report on the project. 

RCS,
an independent advisory firm with a gold geologist that meets the Qualified Person definition of Regulation S-K 1300, has preliminarily
indicated that the gold deposits at the Alpha Project are of greenstone belt type. Further work is planned for 2023 and 2024at the Alpha
Project to expand the knowledge of and the measured size of the deposit. 

As
of the date of this Report, Atlas Lithium owns 28.72 of the common stock of Jupiter Gold. 

Alluvial
Gold and Diamonds 

We
own several mining concessions for gold and diamonds along the banks of the Jequitinhonha River in the State of Minas Gerais, in a region
where gold and diamonds have been mined for more than 200 years. 

The
predecessor owner of one of our current mining concessions for gold and diamonds was Valdiaam, a TSXV-listed company. Such company performed
detailed drilling and other studies leading to the publication of technical reports. 

We
own an alluvial diamond and gold processing plant which was built by such prior owner at an estimated cost of 2.5 million. To the best
of our knowledge, this plant is the largest such type of alluvial recovery plant in Brazil. 

We
are not currently engaged in alluvial diamond and gold mining operations as we are focusing our limited capital and team on lithium because
of its exceptional growth in demand at the present time. 

Raw
Materials 

We
do not have any material dependence on any raw materials or raw material supplier. All of the raw materials that we need are available
from numerous suppliers and at market-driven prices. 

25 

 Table of Contents 

Intellectual
Property 

We
do not own or license any intellectual property which we consider to be material. 

Government
Regulation 

Mining
Regulation and Compliance 

Mining
regulation in Brazil is carried out by ANM, a federal entity, with offices in each state in Brazil.. For each mineral right that we
own, we file the required paperwork with the ANM office of the state in which such mineral right is located. We believe that we
maintain a good relationship with ANM and that our methods of monitoring are adequate for our current needs. For mineral rights
which have an operating mine, ANM will normally inspect such projects once a year through an unannounced visit. 

Environmental
Regulation and Compliance 

Environmental
regulation in Brazil is carried out by a state-level agency, which may have multiple offices, one for each region of the state. For
instance, in Minas Gerais State, such agency is called SUPRAM. For each mineral right that we own, after sufficient exploration work
has been conducted, we may apply for operational permitting towards mining by filing any such paperwork with the local office of
the environmental agency that has the applicable geographical jurisdiction. We believe that we maintain a good relationship with the
offices of the environmental agency and believe that our methods of monitoring are adequate for our current needs. The environmental
agency normally inspects our operations once every one or two years which is the standard practice for companies in good
standing. 

Surface
disturbance from any open pit mining performed by us is in full compliance with our mining plan as approved by the local regulatory
agencies. We regularly restore areas that have been exploited by us. The current environmental regulations state that for a period
of five years after all mining operations have ceased (however long that may take), we would still be required to perform any
necessary recuperation work. 

Environmental,
Social and Governance 

We
are committed to Environmental, Social, and Corporate Governance ESG causes. Our Chief of Environmental, Social and Corporate
Governance coordinates our efforts in these important matters. We believe that our efforts make a difference in the communities in which
we operate. For example, in the period from 2018 to 2020e planted more than 6,000 trees of diverse types for the benefit of local populations
in areas in which we operate. During this same period, we also constructed over 1,000 small retention walls to preserve and enhance dirt
access roads used by such communities. Our current efforts are focused on hiring workers from communities near our project areas. Many
such communities have high levels of unemployment and we thus believe that we are making a positive contribution. 

26 

 Table of Contents 

Form
and Year of Organization History to Date 

We
were incorporated in the State of Nevada on December 15, 2011 under the name Flux Technologies, Corp. From inception until December
18, 2012, we were focused on the software business, which business was discontinued after entering into a Contribution Agreement with
Brazil Mining, Inc. Brazil Mining ), pursuant to which, in exchange for 51 of the outstanding shares of common stock of
the Company, Brazil Mining contributed to the Company by way of an Assignment of Mineral Rights, certain mineral exploration rights.
Since then, our management team has been focused on the exploration and development of certain mineral rights in Brazil. In October 2022,
the Company changed its name from Brazil Minerals, Inc. to Atlas Lithium Corporation. On January 12, 2023,
the Company completed its firm underwritten public offering of 776,250 shares of the Company s common stock (which includes the
shares subject to the overallotment option, exercised by the underwriter in full), for aggregate gross proceeds of 4,657,500, prior
to deducting any underwriting discounts, commissions, and other offering expenses. Our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Capital
Market under the ticker symbol ATLX on January 10, 2023. 

Legal
Proceedings 

We
are not a party to any material legal proceedings. 

Available
Information 

We
maintain a website at www.atlas-lithium.com. We make available free of charge, through the Public Filings section of the Investors
tab on our website, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments
to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after
such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The
information on our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part hereof or incorporated into this or any of our other
filings with the SEC. 

Our
SEC filings are available from the SEC s internet website at www.sec.gov which contains reports, proxy and information statements
and other information regarding issuers that file electronically. 

Employees 

 As
of the date of this Annual Report, we have 30 full-time employees and 3 part time employees. None of our employees are represented by
labor unions or covered by collective bargaining agreements. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 

27 

 Table of Contents 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

RISK
FACTORS 

Investing
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the other
information in this Annual Report, including our financial statements and the related notes thereto and Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, before deciding whether to invest in our
securities. The occurrence of any of the risks, the events or developments described below could harm our business, financial
condition, operating results, and growth prospects. In such an event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you
may lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem
immaterial also may impair our business operations. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties summarized and set
forth in detail below and elsewhere in this Annual Report before you decide to invest in our common stock. 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

We
are providing the following summary of the risk factors contained in this Annual Report to enhance the readability and accessibility
of our risk factor disclosures. This summary does not address all of the risks that we face. We encourage you to carefully review the
full risk factors contained in this Report in their entirety for additional information regarding the material factors that make an investment
in our securities speculative or risky. The primary categories by which we classify risks include those related to: (i) our business,
(ii) regulatory and industry, (iii) country and currency, and (iv) common stock. Set forth below within each of these categories is a
summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our common stock speculative or risky. 

Business
Risks 

Our
 future performance is difficult to evaluate because we have a limited operating history. 

We have a history of losses
and expect to continue to incur losses in the future. 

We
 are an exploration stage company, and there is no guarantee that our properties will result
 in the commercial extraction of mineral deposits. 

Because
 the probability of an individual prospect ever having reserves is not known, our properties
 may not contain any reserves, and any funds spent on exploration and evaluation may be lost. 

We
 face risks related to mining, exploration and mine construction, if warranted, on our properties. 

Our
 long-term success will depend ultimately on our ability to achieve and maintain profitability
 and to develop positive cash flow from our mining activities. 

We
 depend on our ability to successfully access the capital and financial markets. Any inability
 to access the capital or financial markets may limit our ability to fund our ongoing operations,
 execute our business plan or pursue investments that we may rely on for future growth. 

Our
 quarterly and annual operating and financial results and our revenue are likely to fluctuate
 significantly in future periods. 

Our
 ability to manage growth will have an impact on our business, financial condition and results
 of operations. 

We
 depend upon Marc Fogassa, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman. 

Our
 growth will require new personnel, which we will be required to recruit, hire, train and
 retain. 

Certain
 executive officers and directors may be in a position of conflict of interest. 

28 

 Table of Contents 

Regulatory
and Industry Risks 

The
 mining industry subjects us to several risks. 

Our
 mineral projects will be subject to significant government regulations. 

We
 will be required to obtain governmental permits in order to conduct development and mining
 operations, a process which is often costly and time-consuming. 

Compliance
 with environmental regulations and litigation based on environmental regulations could require
 significant expenditures. 

Our
 operations face substantial regulation of health and safety. 

Our
 operations are subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations. 

Mineral
 prices are subject to unpredictable fluctuations. 

Country
and Currency Risks 

Our
 ability to execute our business plan depends primarily on the continuation of a favorable
 mining environment in Brazil and our ability to freely sell our minerals. 

The
 perception of Brazil by the international community may affect us. 

Exposure
 to foreign exchange fluctuations and capital controls may adversely affect our costs, earnings
 and the value of some of our assets. 

Common
Stock Risks 

Our
 common stock price has been and may continue to be volatile. 

We
 do not intend to pay regular future dividends on our common stock and thus stockholders must
 look to appreciation of our common stock to realize a gain on their investments. 

We
 may seek to raise additional funds, finance acquisitions, or develop strategic relationships
 by issuing securities that would dilute your ownership. 

Our
 Series A Preferred Stock has the effect of concentrating voting control over us in Marc Fogassa,
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman. 

Marc
 Fogassa, our Chief Executive Officer and member of our Board of Directors, owns greater than
 50 of the Company s voting securities, which means we are deemed a controlled
 company under the rules of Nasdaq. 

Our
 stock price may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

You
 will experience dilution as a result of future equity offerings. 

Our
 existing stockholders have substantial influence over our company and their interests may
 not be aligned with the interests of our other stockholders, which may discourage, delay
 or prevent a change in control of our company, which could deprive our stockholders of an
 opportunity to receive a premium for their securities. 

Sales
 of a substantial number of shares of our common stock by our stockholders in the public market
 could cause our stock price to fall. 

Costs
 as a result of operating as a public company are significant, and our management is required
 to devote substantial time to compliance with our public company responsibilities and corporate
 governance practices. 

Our
 internal control over financial reporting may not meet the standards required by Section
 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and failure to achieve and maintain effective internal control
 over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, could
 have a material adverse effect on our business and share price. 

29 

 Table of Contents 

Business
Risks 

Our
future performance is difficult to evaluate because we have a limited operating history. 

Investors
should evaluate an investment in us considering the uncertainties encountered by mineral exploration companies. Although we were incorporated
in 2011, we began to implement our current business strategy in 2016, which is primarily focused on the exploration of strategic minerals.
We have generated limited revenues from operations and our cash flow needs have been financed primarily through debt or equity and not
through cash flows derived from our operations. As a result, we have little historical financial and operating information available
to help you evaluate and predict our future performance. In addition, advancing our projects will require significant capital and time,
and we are subject to all of the risks associated with developing and establishing new mining operations and business enterprises as
further described in these risk factors. There can be no assurance that our efforts will be successful or that we will ultimately be
able to attain profitability. 

We have a history of losses and expect to continue
to incur losses in the future. 

We have incurred losses in each of the two past years,
have negative cash flow from operating activities, have had limited revenues and expect to continue to incur losses in the future. 

We have an accumulated deficit of approximately 58.7
million as of December 31, 2022. We expect to continue to incur losses unless and until such time as our projects or one of our future
acquired properties enters into commercial production and generates sufficient revenues to fund continuing operations and we are able
to develop at least one economic deposit. We recognize that if we are unable to generate cash flows from our operations, we will not be
able to earn profits or continue operations. At this early stage of our operation, we also expect to face the risks, uncertainties, expenses
and difficulties encountered by companies at the mineral exploration stage. We cannot be sure that we will be successful in addressing
these risks and uncertainties and our failure to do so could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition. 

There is uncertainty
regarding our ability to implement our business plan and to grow our operations with our existing financial resources without additional
financing. Our ability to implement our business plan is dependent on us generating cash from operations, the sale of our stock and/or
obtaining debt financing. Historically, we have funded our operations primarily through the issuance of debt and equity securities. Management s
plan to fund our capital requirements and ongoing operations include the generation of revenue from our mining operations and projects.
Management s secondary plan to cover any shortfall is selling our equity securities, including our common stock, or common stock
in Apollo Resources and Jupiter Gold that we own, and obtaining debt financing, There is no assurance that we will be successful in implementing
our business plan or that we will be able to generate sufficient cash from operations, sell securities or borrow funds on favorable terms
or at all. Our inability to generate significant revenue or obtain additional financing could have a material adverse effect on our ability
to fully implement our business plan and grow our business to a greater extent than we can with our existing financial resources 

We
are an exploration stage company, and there is no guarantee that our properties will result in the commercial extraction of mineral deposits. 

We
are engaged in the business of exploring and developing mineral properties with the intention of locating economic deposits of minerals.
An economic deposit is a mineral property which can be reasonably expected to generate profits upon extraction and commercialization
of its minerals after considering all costs involved. Our property interests are at the exploration stage. Accordingly, it is unlikely
that we will realize profits in the short term, and we also cannot assure you that we will realize profits in the medium to long term.
Any profitability in the future from our business will be dependent upon development of at least one economic deposit and most likely
further exploration and development of other economic deposits, each of which is subject to numerous risk factors. including all of the
risks associated with developing and establishing new mining operations and business enterprises including: 

completion
 of studies to verify reserves and commercial viability, including the ability
 to find sufficient ore reserves to support a commercial mining operation; 

the
 timing and cost, which can be considerable, of further exploration, preparing studies, permitting and construction of infrastructure, mining and processing facilities; 

the
 availability and costs of drill equipment, exploration personnel, skilled labor, and mining
 and processing equipment, if required; 

the
 availability and cost of appropriate smelting and/or refining arrangements, if required; 

compliance
 with stringent environmental and other governmental approval and permit requirements; 

the
 availability of funds to finance exploration, development, and construction activities, as
 warranted; 

potential
 opposition from non-governmental organizations, local groups or local inhabitants that may
 delay or prevent development activities; 

potential
 increases in exploration, construction, and operating costs due to changes in the cost of
 fuel, power, materials, and supplies; and 

potential
 shortages of mineral processing, construction, and other facilities related supplies. 

30 

 Table of Contents 

Further,
we cannot assure you that, even if an economic deposit of minerals is located, any of our property interests can be commercially mined.
The exploration and development of mineral deposits involves a high degree of financial risk over a significant period which a combination
of careful evaluation, experience and knowledge of management may not eliminate. While discovery of additional ore-bearing deposits may
result in substantial rewards, few properties which are explored are ultimately developed into producing mines. Significant expenses
may be required to establish reserves by drilling and to construct mining and processing facilities at a particular site. It is impossible
to ensure that our current exploration programs will result in profitable commercial mining operations. The profitability of our operations
will be, in part, related to the cost and success of its exploration and development programs which may be affected by several factors.
Additional expenditures are required to establish reserves which are sufficient to commercially mine and to construct, complete and install
mining and processing facilities in those properties that are mined and developed. 

In
addition, exploration-stage projects like ours have no operating history upon which to base estimates of future operating costs and capital
requirements. Exploration project items, such as any future estimates of reserves, metal recoveries or cash operating costs will to a
large extent be based upon the interpretation of geologic data, obtained from a limited number of drill holes and other sampling techniques,
as well as future studies. Actual operating costs and economic returns of all exploration projects may materially differ
from the costs and returns estimated, and accordingly our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows may be negatively
affected. 

Because
the probability of an individual prospect ever having reserves is unknown, our properties may not contain any reserves, and any funds
spent on exploration and evaluation may be lost. 

We
are an exploration stage company, and we have no reserves. A mineral reserve is defined in Regulation S-K 1300 as an
estimate of tonnage and grade or quality of indicated mineral resources and measured mineral resources 
(as those terms are defined in Regulation S-K 1300) that, in the opinion of a qualified person (as defined in Regulation S-K 1300), can be
the basis of an economically viable project. We cannot assure you about the existence of economically extractable mineralization at
this time, nor about the quantity or grade of any mineralization we may have found. Because the probability of an individual
prospect ever having reserves is uncertain, our properties may not contain any reserves and any funds spent on evaluation and
exploration may be lost. Even if we confirm reserves on our properties, any quantity or grade of reserves we indicate must be
considered as estimates only until such reserves are mined. We do not know with certainty that economically recoverable minerals
exist on our properties. In addition, the quantity of any reserves may vary depending on commodity prices. Any material change in
the quantity or grade of reserves may affect the economic viability of our properties. Further, our lack of established reserves
means that we are uncertain about our ability to generate revenue from our operations. 

Even
if we do eventually discover a mineral reserve on one or more of our properties, there can be no assurance that they can be developed
into producing mines and that we can extract those minerals. Both mineral exploration and development involve a high degree of risk,
and few mineral properties that are explored are ultimately developed into producing mines. 

Exploration activities
require significant amounts of capital that may not be recovered and may exceed our budget. 

Mineral exploration activities are subject to many risks, including the
risk that no commercially productive or extractable resources will be encountered. There can be no assurance that the Company s
activities will ultimately lead to an economically feasible project or that it will recover all or any portion of its investment. Mineral
exploration often involves unprofitable efforts, including drilling operations that ultimately do not further exploration efforts. Despite
our efforts to budget such costs, the cost of minerals exploration is often uncertain, and cost overruns are common. Substantial expenditures
are required to establish reserves through drilling, to develop processes to extract the ore and, in the case of new properties, to develop
the extraction and processing facilities and infrastructure at any site chosen for extraction. Although substantial benefits may be derived
from the discovery of a major deposit, we cannot provide any assurance that any such deposit will be commercially viable or that we will
be able to obtain the funds required for development on a timely basis. Drilling and exploration operations may be curtailed, delayed
or canceled as a result of numerous factors, many of which are beyond the Company s control, including title problems, weather conditions,
protests, compliance with governmental requirements, including permitting issues, and shortages or delays in the delivery of equipment
and services. For example, following recent results of our exploration plans of our Minas Gerais Lithium Project, we expect to incur greater
cost related to such exploration activities than originally budgeted for. While we believe we have sufficient resources to fund our operations
for the next twelve months, an increase in our drilling campaigns to keep pace with positive findings of potential economic deposits,
may require us to raise additional capital which, if not available on reasonable terms, may cause us to curtail our operations
and impair our ability to become profitable. 

We
face risks related to mining, exploration and mine construction, if warranted, on our properties. 

Our
level of profitability, if any, in future years will depend to a great degree on prices of minerals set by global markets and
whether our exploration-stage properties can be brought into production. We cannot provide any assurances that the current and
future exploration programs and/or studies on our existing properties will establish reserves. Whether it will be economically
feasible to extract a mineral depends on a number of factors, including, but not limited to: the particular attributes of the
deposit, such as size, grade and proximity to infrastructure; drilling costs; mineral prices; mining, processing and transportation
costs; the willingness of lenders and investors to provide project financing; labor costs and possible labor strikes; and
governmental regulations, including, without limitation, regulations relating to prices, taxes, royalties, land tenure, land use,
importing and exporting materials, foreign exchange, environmental protection, employment, worker safety, transportation, and
reclamation and closure obligations. The exact effect of these factors cannot be accurately predicted, but the combination of these
factors may result in us receiving an inadequate return on invested capital. 

31 

 Table of Contents 

Our
long-term success will depend ultimately on our ability to achieve and maintain profitability and to develop positive cash flow from
our mining activities. 

Our
long-term success, including the recoverability of the carrying values of our assets, and our ability to continue with exploration, development
and commissioning and mining activities on our existing projects or to acquire additional projects, depends ultimately on our ability
to achieve and maintain profitability and to develop positive cash flow from our operations by establishing ore bodies that contain commercially
recoverable minerals and to develop these into profitable mining activities. We cannot assure you that any ore body that we extract mineralized
materials from will result in achieving and maintaining profitability and developing positive cash flow. 

We
depend on our ability to successfully access the capital and financial markets. Any inability to access the capital or financial markets
may limit our ability to fund our ongoing operations, execute our business plan or pursue investments that we may rely on for future
growth. 

Until
commercial production is achieved from one of our larger projects, we will continue to incur operating and investing net cash outflows
associated with among other things maintaining and acquiring exploration properties, undertaking ongoing exploration activities and the
development of mines. As a result, we rely on access to capital markets as a source of funding for our capital and operating requirements.
We cannot assure you that such additional funding will be available to us on satisfactory terms, or at all. 

In
order to finance our current operations and future capital needs, we will require additional funds through the issuance of additional
equity and/or debt securities. Depending on the type and the terms of any financing we pursue, shareholders rights and the value
of their investment in our shares could be reduced. Any additional equity financing will dilute shareholdings, and new or additional
debt financing, if available, may involve restrictions on financing and operating activities. For example, on January 30, 2023, the Company raised an aggregate of 4 million in gross proceeds from the sale of
its common stock in transaction exempt under Regulation S of the Securities Act. In addition, if we issue secured debt securities,
the holders of the debt would have a claim to our assets that would be prior to the rights of shareholders until the debt is paid. Interest
on such debt securities would increase costs and negatively impact operating results. 

The
global decline in economic conditions, geopolitical instability, and other macroeconomic factors, including inflation, interest rate
and foreign currency rate fluctuations, and volatility in capital markets could negatively impact our business, financial condition,
and results of operations, including our ability to raise capital. If we are unable to obtain additional financing, as needed, at competitive
rates, our ability to fund our current operations and implement our business plan and strategy will be affected, and we would be required
to reduce the scope of our operations and scale back our exploration, development and mining programs. There is, however, no guarantee
that we will be able to secure any additional funding or be able to secure funding which will provide us with sufficient funds to meet
our objectives, which may adversely affect our business and financial position. 

Our
quarterly and annual operating and financial results and our revenue are likely to fluctuate significantly in future periods. 

Our
quarterly and annual operating and financial results are difficult to predict and may fluctuate significantly from period to period.based
on activities related to our exploration projects. Our revenues, net income and results of operations may fluctuate as a result of a
variety of factors that are outside our control including, but not limited to, lack of sufficient working capital, equipment malfunction
and breakdowns, inability to timely find spare machines or parts to fix the broken equipment, regulatory or licensing delays and severe
weather phenomena. 

32 

 Table of Contents 

Our
ability to manage growth will have an impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Future
growth may place strains on our financial, technical, operational and administrative resources and cause us to rely more on project partners
and independent contractors, potentially adversely affecting our financial position and results of operations. Our ability to grow will
depend on several factors, including: 

our
 ability to successfully complete our exploration activities and develop existing projects; 

our
 ability to identify new projects; 

our
 ability to continue to retain and attract skilled personnel; 

our
 ability to maintain or enter into relationships with project partners and independent contractors; 

the
 results of our exploration programs; 

the
 market prices for our minerals; 

our
 access to capital; and 

our
 ability to enter into agreements for the sale of our minerals. 

We
may not be successful in upgrading our technical, operational and administrative resources or increasing our internal resources sufficiently
to provide certain of the services currently provided by third parties, and we may not be able to maintain or enter into new relationships
with project partners and independent contractors on financially attractive terms, if at all. Our inability to achieve or manage growth
may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
depend upon Marc Fogassa, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman. 

Our
existing operations and continued future development are largely dependent upon the personal efforts and continued performance of Marc
Fogassa, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman and principal stockholder. The loss of the services of Mr. Fogassa would have a material
adverse effect on our business and prospects. We maintain key-man life insurance on the life of Mr. Fogassa. See Management. 
If we were to lose Mr. Fogassa, we may not be able to find appropriate replacements on a timely basis and our financial condition and
results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Although Mr. Fogassa spends
significant time with the Company and is highly active in our management, he does not devote his full time and attention to Atlas Lithium.
Mr. Fogassa also currently serves as Chief Executive Officer and director of Apollo Resources Corporation Apollo Resources and Jupiter Gold Corporation Jupiter Gold ). 

Our
growth will require new personnel, which we will be required to recruit, hire, train and retain. 

Our
ability to recruit and assimilate new personnel will be critical to our performance. We compete with other mining companies in the recruitment
and retention of qualified managerial and technical employees. As we grow, we will be required to recruit additional personnel and to
train, motivate and manage employees. If we are unable to successfully compete for qualified employees, our exploration and development
programs may be slowed down or suspended. 

Certain
executive officers and directors may be in a position of conflict of interest. 

Marc
Fogassa, our Chief Executive and Chairman, also serves as chief executive officer and director of Apollo Resources and Jupiter Gold. Joel Monteiro, Esq., one of our officers, is a director
in both Apollo Resources and Jupiter Gold. Areli Nogueira, one of our officers, is a director in Jupiter Gold. We have partial equity
ownership in both Apollo Resources and Jupiter Gold. There exists the possibility that one or more of these individuals, or others, may
in the future be in a position of conflict of interest. where their interests may not be aligned with the interests of our other stockholders,
and he may from time to time be incentivized to take certain actions that benefit his other interests and that our other stockholders
do not view as being in their interest as investors in our company. 

Adverse
developments affecting the financial services industry, including events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance
by financial institutions or transactional counterparties, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Events
involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional
counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors
about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems.
Most recently, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection
and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC as receiver. Similarly, on March 12, 2023,
Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each swept into receivership. Although we assess our banking and customer relationships
as we believe necessary or appropriate, our access to funding sources and other credit arrangements in amounts adequate to finance or
capitalize our current and projected future business operations could be significantly impaired by factors that affect us, the financial
services industry or economy in general. These factors could include, among others, events such as liquidity constraints or failures,
the ability to perform obligations under various types of financial, credit or liquidity agreements or arrangements, disruptions or instability
in the financial services industry or financial markets, or concerns or negative expectations about the prospects for companies in the
financial services industry. 

In
addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing
terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit
and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. Any decline in available
funding or access to our cash and liquidity resources could, among other risks, adversely impact our ability to meet our operating expenses,
financial obligations or fulfill our other obligations, result in breaches of our contractual obligations or result in violations of
federal or state wage and hour laws. Any of these impacts, or any other impacts resulting from the factors described above or other related
or similar factors not described above, could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity and our business, financial condition or
results of operations. 

We
may be unable to retain the third party contractors upon which we rely, including for drilling. 

We
have agreements with consultants to perform services for us including with respect to performing drilling services for us. Each of
these contractors perform functions that require the services of persons in high demand in the industry and these persons may or may
not always be available when needed based on their status as contractors or at affordable prices. The implementation of our business
plan and our exploration activities may be impaired if we are not able to retain or afford our significant contractors or if they do
not perform in accordance with their agreements and the failure to conduct our exploration activities could result in delays in our
ability to execute on our business plan will could have an adverse effect on the value of our company and our common
stock. 

33 

 Table of Contents 

Regulatory
and Industry Risks 

The
mining industry subjects us to several risks. 

In
our operations, we are subject to the significant risks normally encountered in the mining industry, such as: 

the
 discovery of unusual or unexpected geological formations; 

accidental
 fires, floods, earthquakes or other natural disasters; 

unplanned
 power outages and water shortages; 

controlling
 water and other similar mining hazards; 

industrial
 and mining accidents; 

operating
 labor disruptions and labor disputes; 

the
 ability to obtain suitable or adequate machinery, equipment, or labor; 

our
 liability for pollution or other hazards; and 

other
 known and unknown risks involved in the conduct of exploration and operation of mines. 

These
hazardous activities pose significant management challenges and could result in loss of life, a mine shutdown, damage to or destruction
of our properties and surrounding properties, production facilities or equipment, production delays or business interruption. 

34 

 Table of Contents 

Our
mineral projects will be subject to significant governmental regulations. 

Mining
activities in Brazil are subject to extensive federal, state, and local laws and regulations governing environmental protection, natural
resources, prospecting, development, production, post-closure reclamation costs, taxes, labor standards and occupational health and safety
laws and regulations, including mine safety, toxic substances and other matters. The costs associated with compliance with such laws
and regulations can be substantial. In addition, changes in such laws and regulations, or more restrictive interpretations of current
laws and regulations by governmental authorities, could result in unanticipated capital expenditures, expenses, or restrictions on, or
suspensions of our operations and delays in the development of our properties. 

We
will be required to obtain governmental permits in order to conduct development and mining operations, a process which is often costly
and time-consuming. 

We
are required to obtain and renew governmental permits for our exploration activities and, prior to developing or mining any mineralization
that we discover, we will be required to obtain new governmental permits. Obtaining and renewing governmental permits is a complex, costly
and time-consuming process. The timeliness and success of permitting efforts are contingent upon many variables not within our control,
including the interpretation of permit approval requirements administered by the applicable permitting authority. We may not be able
to obtain or renew permits that are necessary to our planned operations or the cost and time required to obtain or renew such permits
may exceed our expectations. Any unexpected delays or costs associated with the permitting process could delay the exploration, development
or operation of our properties, which in turn could materially adversely affect our future revenues and profitability. In addition, key
permits and approvals may be revoked or suspended or may be changed in a manner that adversely affects our activities. 

Private
parties, such as environmental activists, frequently attempt to intervene in the permitting process and to persuade regulators to deny
necessary permits or seek to overturn permits that have been issued. Obtaining the necessary governmental permits involves numerous jurisdictions,
public hearings and possibly costly undertakings. These third-party actions can materially increase the costs and cause delays in the
permitting process and could cause us to not proceed with the development or operation of a property. In addition, our ability to successfully
obtain key permits and approvals to explore for, develop, operate and expand operations will likely depend on our ability to undertake
such activities in a manner consistent with the creation of social and economic benefits in the surrounding communities, which may or
may not be required by law. Our ability to obtain permits and approvals and to successfully operate in particular communities may be
adversely affected by real or perceived detrimental events associated with our activities. 

Compliance
with environmental regulations and litigation based on environmental regulations could require significant expenditures. 

Environmental
regulations mandate, among other things, the maintenance of air and water quality standards, and the rules on land development and reclamation.
They also set forth limitations on the generation, transportation, storage, and disposal of solid and hazardous waste. Environmental
legislation is evolving in a manner that may require stricter standards and enforcement, increased fines and penalties for non-compliance,
more stringent environmental assessments of proposed projects, and a heightened degree of responsibility for mining companies and their
officers, directors and employees. In connection with our current exploration activities or with our prior mining operations, we may
incur environmental costs that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Any failure
to remedy an environmental problem could require us to suspend operations or enter into interim compliance measures pending completion
of the required remedy. 

Moreover,
governmental authorities and private parties may bring lawsuits based upon damage to property and injury to persons resulting from the
environmental, health and safety impacts of prior and current operations, including operations conducted by other mining companies many
years ago at sites located on properties that we currently own or formerly owned. These lawsuits could lead to the imposition of substantial
fines, remediation costs, penalties and other civil and criminal sanctions. We cannot assure you that any such law, regulation, enforcement
or private claim would not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

35 

 Table of Contents 

Our
operations face substantial regulation of health and safety. 

Our
operations are subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations governing worker health and safety across our operating regions
and our failure to comply with applicable legal requirements can result in substantial penalties. Future changes in applicable laws,
regulations, permits and approvals or changes in their enforcement or regulatory interpretation could substantially increase costs to
achieve compliance, lead to the revocation of existing or future exploration or mining rights or otherwise have an adverse impact on
our results of operations and financial position. 

In
addition to potential government restrictions and regulatory fines, penalties or sanctions, our ability to operate (including the effect
of any impact on our workforce) and thus, our results of operations and our financial position (including because of potential related
fines and sanctions), could be adversely affected by accidents, injuries, fatalities or events detrimental (or perceived to be detrimental)
to the health and safety of our employees, the environment or the communities in which we operate. 

Our
operations are subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations. 

Our
exploration, development, mining and processing operations are subject to extensive laws and regulations governing land use and the protection
of the environment, which generally apply to air and water quality, protection of endangered, protected or other specified species, hazardous
waste management and reclamation. We have made, and expect to make in the future, significant expenditures to comply with such laws and
regulations. Compliance with these laws and regulations imposes substantial costs and burdens, and can cause delays in obtaining, or
failure to obtain, government permits and approvals which may adversely impact our closure processes and operations. 

Increased
global attention or regulation of consumption of water by industrial activities, as well as water quality discharge, and on restricting
or prohibiting the use of cyanide and other hazardous substances in processing activities could similarly have an adverse impact on our
results of operations and financial position due to increased compliance and input costs. 

Mineral
prices are subject to unpredictable fluctuations. 

Portions
of our revenues may come from the extraction and sale of minerals. The price of minerals may fluctuate widely and is affected by numerous
factors beyond our control, including international, economic and political trends, expectations of inflation, currency exchange fluctuations,
interest rates, global or regional consumptive patterns, speculative activities, increased production due to new extraction developments
and improved extraction and production methods and technological changes in the markets for the end products. The effect of these factors
on the price of minerals, and therefore the economic viability of any of our exploration properties, cannot accurately be predicted. 

36 

 Table of Contents 

Country
and Currency Risks 

Our
ability to execute our business plan depends primarily on the continuation of a favorable mining environment in Brazil and our ability
to freely sell our minerals. 

Mining
operations in Brazil are heavily regulated. Any significant change in mining legislation or other changes in Brazil s current mining
environment may slow down or alter our business prospects. Further, countries in which we may wish to sell our mined minerals may impose
special taxes, tariffs, or otherwise place limits and controls on consumption of our mined minerals. 

The
perception of Brazil by the international community may affect us. 

Brazil s
political environment and its environmental policies, in particular the preservation of the Amazon rain forest, are continuously scrutinized
by the global media. If Brazil s situation or policies are perceived as being inadequate, we may lose the interest of investor
groups or potential buyers of our minerals, which will have a negative impact on us. 

Exposure
to foreign exchange fluctuations and capital controls may adversely affect our costs, earnings and the value of some of our assets. 

Our
reporting currency is the U.S. dollar; however, we conduct our business in Brazil utilizing the Brazilian real. A large portion of our
operating expenses are incurred in Brazilian real. An appreciation of the Brazilian real against the U.S. dollar would increase our costs
in U.S. dollar terms. Our consolidated financials are directly impacted by movements in the Brazilian real to U.S. dollar exchange rate. 

While
not expected, Brazil may choose to adopt measures to restrict the entry of U.S. dollars or the repatriation of capital across borders.
These measures would have a number of negative effects on us, reducing the immediately available capital that we could otherwise deploy
for investment opportunities or the payment of expenses, and the ability to repatriate any profits. 

Common
Stock Risks 

Our
common stock price has been and may continue to be volatile. 

The
market price of our common stock has been and is likely to continue to be volatile and could fluctuate in price in response to various
factors, many of which are beyond our control, including the following: 

the
 results from our exploration and/or, if warranted, project development efforts; 

our
 ability to achieve profitability; 

37 

 Table of Contents 

our
 ability to raise capital when needed; 

our
 ability to execute our business plan; 

investor
 perception of our industry or our prospects; 

legislative,
 regulatory, and competitive developments; and 

economic
 and external factors. 

In
addition, the securities markets have from time-to-time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the
operating performance of any company. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common
stock regardless of our actual operations and the results from those operations. 

We
do not intend to pay regular future dividends on our common stock and thus stockholders must look to appreciation of our common stock
to realize a gain on their investments. 

We
have never paid a dividend and we do not have any plans to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. Our future dividend policy is within
the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon various factors, including future earnings, if any, our capital requirements
and general financial condition, and other factors. Accordingly, stockholders must look solely to appreciation of our common stock to
realize a gain on their investment. This appreciation may not occur or may occur only over a longer timeframe. 

We
may seek to raise additional funds, finance acquisitions, or develop strategic relationships by issuing securities that would dilute
your ownership. 

We
may largely finance our operations by issuing equity securities, which may materially reduce the percentage ownership of our existing
stockholders. Furthermore, any newly issued securities could have rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of our existing
common stock. Moreover, any issuances by us of equity securities may be at or below the prevailing market price of our stock and in any
event may have a dilutive impact on ownership interest of existing common stockholders, which could cause the market price of our common
stock to decline. We may also raise additional funds through the incurrence of debt or the issuance or sale of other securities or instruments
senior to our Common Stock. The holders of any debt securities or instruments that we may issue could have rights superior to the rights
of our common stockholders. 

Our
Series A Preferred Stock has the effect of concentrating voting control over us in Marc Fogassa, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman. 

One
share of our Series A Preferred Stock is issued, outstanding and held since 2012 by Marc Fogassa, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman.
The Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of our Series A Convertible Preferred provides that for so long as Series A Preferred
Stock is issued and outstanding, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall vote together as a single class with the holders of our
common stock, with the holders of Series A Preferred Stock being entitled to 51 of the total votes on all matters regardless of the
actual number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding, and the holders of common stock and any other class or series of
capital stock entitled to vote with the common stock being entitled to their proportional share of the remaining 49 of the total votes
based on their respective voting power. As a result, you may have limited ability to impact our operations and activities. 

38 

 Table of Contents 

Marc
Fogassa, our Chief Executive Officer and member of our Board of Directors, owns greater than 50 of the Company s voting securities,
which means we are deemed a controlled company under the rules of Nasdaq. 

As
a result of his ownership of all issued and outstanding shares of our Series A Preferred Stock, Mr. Fogassa, our Chief Executive Officer
and Chairman, holds more than 50 of our voting securities, and as such, we are a controlled company under the rules of
Nasdaq. 

As a controlled company, 
we may elect to rely on some or all of these exemptions, even though currently we do not take advantage of any of these exemptions, but
may do so in the future. Accordingly, should the interests of Mr. Fogassa differ from those of other stockholders, the other stockholders
may not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the Nasdaq corporate governance standards.
Our status as a controlled company could make our common stock less attractive to some investors or otherwise harm our stock price. 

Our
stock price may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

The
trading price of our common stock may fluctuate substantially and will depend on several factors, including those described in this Risk
Factors section, many of which are beyond our control and may not be related to our operating performance. These fluctuations
could cause you to lose all or part of your investment in our securities. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the trading price
of our common stock include: 

results
 from our exploration and/or, if warranted, project development efforts; 

changes
 to our industry, including demand and regulations; 

failure
 to achieve commercial extraction of mineral deposits from any of our properties; 

absence
 of any reserves contained within our properties, and loss of any funds spent on exploration and evaluation; 

we
 may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors; 

competitive
 pricing pressures; 

our
 ability to obtain working capital financing as required; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; 

sales
 of our common stock; 

our
 ability to execute our business plan; 

operating
 results that fall below expectations; 

any
 major change in our management; 

changes
 in accounting standards, procedures, guidelines, interpretations or principals; and 

economic,
 geo-political and other external factors, particularly within the country of Brazil. 

In
addition, the stock market in general has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate
to the operating performance of those companies. Broad market and industry factors, as well as general economic, political and market
conditions such as recessions or interest rate changes, may seriously affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our
actual operating performance. 

Further,
in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market prices of particular companies securities, securities
class action litigations have often been instituted against these companies. Litigation of this type, if instituted against us, could
result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources. Any adverse determination in any such
litigation or any amounts paid to settle any such actual or threatened litigation could require that we make significant payments. 

39 

 Table of Contents 

You
will experience dilution as a result of future equity offerings. 

We
may in the future offer additional shares of our common stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock.
Although no assurances can be given that we will consummate a future financing, in the event we do, or in the event we sell shares of
common stock or other securities convertible into shares of our common stock in the future, additional and potentially substantial dilution
will occur. 

Our
existing stockholders have substantial influence over our company and their interests may not be aligned with the interests of our other
stockholders, which may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company, which could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity
to receive a premium for their securities. 

As
of the date of this Annual Report, certain stockholders control the voting power in us, including management. As a result, these
stockholders have substantial influence over our business, including decisions regarding mergers, consolidations and the sale of all
or substantially all of our assets, election of directors and other significant corporate actions. This concentration of ownership
may discourage, delay or prevent a change in our control, which could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a
premium for their shares as part of any contemplated sale of our Company and may reduce the price of our common stock. 

Sales
of a substantial number of shares of our common stock by our stockholders in the public market could cause our stock price to fall. 

Sales
of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market or the perception that these sales might occur could significantly
reduce the market price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise adequate capital through the sale of additional equity securities.
We are unable to predict the effect that such sales may have on the prevailing market price of our common stock. 

Costs
as a result of operating as a public company are significant, and our management is required to devote substantial time to compliance
with our public company responsibilities and corporate governance practices. 

As
a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that private companies do not incur. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market, and other applicable
securities rules and regulations impose various requirements on public companies. Our management and other personnel will devote a substantial
amount of time to compliance with these requirements. Moreover, these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance
costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. We cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we will
incur as a public company or the specific timing of such costs. 

Our
internal control over financial reporting may not meet the standards required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and failure to
achieve and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, could
have a material adverse effect on our business and share price. 

Our
management is required to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The rules governing the standards
that must be met for our management to assess our internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation,
testing and possible remediation. 

We
cannot assure you that there will not be material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting
in the future. Any failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report
our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting
is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm determines we have a material weakness or significant deficiency
in our internal control over financial reporting once that firm begins our Section 404 reviews, investors may lose confidence in the
accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions
or investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control
over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict
our future access to the capital markets. 

40 

 Table of Contents 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
2. Properties. 

Lithium
Projects 

Our
lithium projects are listed in the following table with respective maps below. 

Mineral 
 
 Name 
 
 Location
 in Brazil 
 
 Aggregate
 Mineral Rights Area 

Lithium 
 
 Minas
 Gerais Lithium Project 
 
 State
 of Minas Gerais 

23,785
 hectares 
 (58,774 acres) 

Lithium 
 
 Northeastern
 Brazil Lithium Project 
 
 States
 of Para ba and Rio Grande do Norte 

6,583
 hectares 
 (16,266
 acres) 

With
respect to the Minas Gerais Lithium Project, our exploration plan as of the date of this Annual Report is: 

a)
to continue both our exploratory and our resource-delineating drilling campaigns to assess identified targets and to continue to estimate
the size of our lithium-bearing mineral deposits; 

b)
to present a maiden resource report in accordance with the standards set forth in Regulation S-K 1300, and to plan on continually
updating such report as more drilling and data become available; 

41 

 Table of Contents 

c)
to continue exploratory drilling on many new and existing target areas with pegmatites which our field geologists have identified; 

d)
to continue careful geological map on foot of the vast mineral rights landbank that we have for presence of additional pegmatites; and 

e)
to present the metallurgical report expected from SGS Lakefield and to continue mineralogical analysis of our deposits with the intent
of developing a processing route for lithium concentrate, our designated commercial product for sale. 

With
respect to the Northeastern Brazil Lithium Project, our exploration plan as of the date of this Annual Report is to initially open five
to ten trenches and drill three to five exploratory holes in a few specific areas. 

On January 19, 2023, through our 99.99 owned subsidiary BMIX Participa es
Ltda., we consummated a transaction in which we acquired five lithium mineral rights totaling 1,090.88 hectares (~ 2,696 acres) owned
by an unrelated Brazilian mining enterprise pursuant to a Mineral Rights Purchase Agreement (the Acquisition Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.10 to this Annual Report. These mineral rights are located in the municipalities of Ara ua and Itinga,
in a region known as Lithium Valley in the State of Minas Gerais in Brazil. The purchase of the properties under this agreement
remains subject to our continuing performance under the purchase agreement, including with respect to timely payments. Please refer to
Exhibit 10.10 of this Annual Report for a full description of the terms of the Acquisition Agreement. 

Other
Critical Minerals 

Our
other critical minerals properties are listed in the following table with respective maps below. 

Mineral(s) 
 
 Name 
 
 Location
 in Brazil (states) 
 
 Aggregate
 Mineral Rights Area 

Nickel 
 
 Nickel
 Properties 
 
 Goi s
 and Piau 

22,238
 hectares 
 (54,950 acres) 

Rare
 Earths 
 
 Rare
 Earths I Properties 
 
 Bahia,
 Goi s, and Tocantins 

12,162
 hectares 
 (30,054 acres) 

Titanium 
 
 Titanium
 Properties 
 
 Minas
 Gerais 

8,923
 hectares 
 (22,050
 acres) 

Graphite 
 
 Graphite
 Properties 
 
 Minas
 Gerais 

5,571 hectares 
 (13,766 acres) 

With
respect to the properties listed above (nickel, rare earths, titanium, and graphite), we do not have detailed exploration plans or budgets,
as we have focused our attention and limited resources to date primarily toward our Lithium Projects. 

Initial
Properties 

Our
alluvial gold and diamonds, and industrial sand properties are listed in the following table . 

Mineral(s) 
 
 Name 
 
 Location
 in Brazil (state) 
 
 Aggregate
 Mineral Rights Area 

Alluvial
 Gold and Diamonds 
 
 Alluvial
 Gold and Diamonds Mine 
 
 Minas
 Gerais 

9,343
 hectares 
 (23,088 acres) 

Industrial
 Sand 
 
 Industrial
 Sand Mine I Mine II 
 
 Minas
 Gerais 

456
 hectares 
 (1,128 acres) 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

We
are not a party to any material legal proceedings. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

42 

 Table of Contents 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information and Current Stockholders 

Since
January 10, 2023, our common stock has been trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market LLC Nasdaq under the symbol ATLX. 
Quotations for our common stock are available on nasdaq.com. Prior to January 10, 2023, our common was quoted on the OTCQB
Marketplace OTCQB operated by the OTC Markets Group, Inc. under the symbol ATLXD. The following
table sets forth, for each of the quarterly periods indicated, the range of high and low sales prices, in U.S. dollars, for our common
stock for each quarter in 2021 and 2022. 

Year
 Ended 

Quarters 
 
 December
 31, 2021 

High 

Low 

2021 

First
 (01/01-03/31) 

42.75 

1.43 

Second
 (04/01-06/30) 

15.83 

8.40 

Third
 (07/01-09/30) 

10.05 

6.98 

Fourth
 (10/01-12/31) 

10.88 

5.44 

Year
 Ended 

Quarters 
 
 December
 31, 2022 

High 

Low 

2022 

First
 (01/01-03/31) 

7.05 

4.43 

Second
 (04/01-06/30) 

9.38 

3.83 

Third
 (07/01-09/30) 

15.98 

6.75 

Fourth
 (10/01-12/31) 

20.78 

6.90 

As
of March 27, 2023, there were 239 holders of record of the Company s common stock. 

43 

 Table of Contents 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends since our inception and do not expect to declare any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Except as previously disclosed
in Item 15 of our Registration Statement on Form S-1 declared effective by the SEC on January 9, 2023, there have been no other sales
of unregistered securities during the period covered by this Annual Report. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Not
applicable. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation. 

The
following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated
financial statements and the notes to those financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

This
discussion and analysis below includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors described
in the Risk Factors section that could cause actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-
looking statements as a result of various factors. Additionally, our historical results are not
necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any period in the future. . We caution you to read the Forward
Looking Statements section of our Annual Report. 

Overview 

Atlas
Lithium Corporation Atlas Lithium, Brazil Minerals, the Company, we, us, 
or our is a mineral exploration and mining company with lithium projects and properties in other critical and battery
minerals to power the Green Energy Revolution - nickel, rare earths, graphite, and titanium. Our current focus is on developing our hard-rock
lithium project located in Minas Gerais State in Brazil at a well-known, premier pegmatitic district in Brazil. We intend to produce
and sell lithium concentrate, a key ingredient for battery supply chain. Lithium is essential for batteries in electric vehicles and
demand is expected to outstrip supply. 

We
are in the initial stages of planning to develop and own 100 of a lithium concentration facility capable of producing 150,000 tons of
lithium concentrate annually. 

However,
there can be no assurance that we will have the necessary capital resources to develop such facility or, if developed, that we will reach
the production capacity necessary to commercialize our products and with the quality needed to meet market demand. 

All
of our mineral projects and properties are located in Brazil and our mineral rights portfolio for critical and battery minerals includes
approximately 75,040 acres (304 km 2 for lithium in 64 mineral rights, 54,950 acres for nickel (222 km 2 in 15
mineral rights, 30,054 acres (122 km 2 for rare earths in seven mineral rights, 22,050 acres (89 km 2 for titanium
in seven mineral rights, and 13,766 acres (56 km 2 for graphite in three mineral rights. We believe that we hold the largest
portfolio of lithium mineral exploration properties in Brazil, a premier and well-established jurisdiction for hard-rock lithium. 

44 

 Table of Contents 

We
are primarily focused on advancing and developing our hard-rock lithium project located in the state of Minas Gerais, Brazil, where some
of our high-potential mineral rights are adjacent to or near large lithium deposits that belong to Sigma Lithium Corporation (Nasdaq:
SGML). Our Minas Gerais Lithium Project is our largest project and consists of 52 mineral rights spread over 56,078 acres (227 km 2 and predominantly located within the Brazilian Eastern Pegmatitic Province which has been surveyed by the Brazilian Geological Survey
and is known for the presence of hard rock formations known as pegmatites which contain lithium-bearing minerals such as spodumene and
petalite. Generally, lithium derived from pegmatites is less costly to purify for uses in high technology applications than lithium obtained
from brine. Such applications include the battery supply chain for EVs, an area of expected high growth for the next several decades. 

We
believe that we can materially increase our value by the acceleration of our exploratory work and quantification of our lithium mineralization.
Our initial commercial goal is to be able to enter production of lithium-bearing concentrate, a product which is highly sought
after in the battery supply chain for EVs. 

We
also have 100 -ownership of early-stage projects and properties in other minerals that are needed in the battery supply chain and high
technology applications such as nickel, rare earths, graphite, and titanium. We believe that the shift from fossil fuels to battery power
will yield long-term opportunities for us not only in lithium but also in such other minerals. 

Additionally,
we have 100 -ownership of several mining concessions for gold and diamonds. Historically, we have had revenues from mining and selling
gold, diamonds, and industrial sand. Such endeavors have given us the critical management experience needed to take early-stage projects
in Brazil from the exploration phase through successful licensing from regulators and to revenues. As our corporate focus became our
lithium properties and those of other critical minerals, we stopped alluvial gold and diamond exploration efforts in 2018 and the sale
of our industrial sand in 2022. 

The
company owns 45.11 of the shares of common stock of Apollo Resources Corporation Apollo Resources ), a private company
currently primarily focused on the development of its initial iron mine. 

The
company also owns approximately 28.72 of Jupiter Gold Corporation Jupiter Gold ), a company focused on the development
of gold projects and of a quartzite mine, and whose common stock are quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol JUPGF. The quartzite
mine is fully permitted and is expected to start operations mid 2023. 

Apollo
Resources and Jupiter Gold have not generated any revenues to date. The results of operations from both Apollo Resources and Jupiter
Gold are consolidated in our financial statements under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP ). 

45 

 Table of Contents 

Results
of Operations 

Fiscal
Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Revenue
for the year ended December 31, 2022, totaled 6,765, compared to revenue of 10,232 during the year ended December 31, 2021, representing
a decrease of 33.9 . Such revenue was comprised solely of sales of industrial sand that we mine in one of our mineral rights. Industrial
sand is a residual business line as we are primarily focused on our lithium exploration program. In December 2022, the company closed
its sand business. 

Cost
of goods sold for the year ended December 31, 2022, totaled 63,548, as compared to cost of goods sold of 245,810 during the year ended
December 31, 2021, representing a decrease of 74.15 . Cost of goods sold is primarily comprised of labor, fuel, repairs and maintenance
on our mining equipment. As mentioned above, this costs refer to Industrial sand production which is a residual business line as we are
primarily focused on our lithium exploration program. 

Gross
loss for the year ended December 31, 2022, totaled 56,783, compared to gross loss of 235,578 during the year ended December 31, 2021
representing decrease of 75.9 . 

Operating
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, totaled 4,608,887, compared to operating expenses of 3,280,514 during the year ended
December 31, 2021 representing an increase of 40.49 . The increase was mostly due to general and administrative expenses related to cost
of listing our common stock on Nasdaq and increased financing efforts, and non-cash stock-based compensation from issuances of stock
options to officers and directors. Increase noted on other operating expenses refers to the expenses of the lithium project
drilling campaign. 

Other
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 155,812, compared to other expenses of 509,374 during the year ended December
31, 2021 representing a decrease of 69,4 . The decrease is mainly due to interest expense on promissory notes due to amortization debt
discounts and loss on the extinguishment of debt related to common stock purchase warrants issued in a settlement with a noteholder during
the year ended December 31, 2021. 

As
a result, we incurred a net loss attributable to our stockholders of 3,790,423, or 0.82 per share, for the year ended December 31,
2022, compared to a net loss attributable to our stockholders of 2,772,358, or 0.75 per share, during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

We anticipate that our largest
expense item for the next twelve months will be drilling expense as we explore lithium targets and delineate our lithium resources. Such
expenses can vary depending on the number of drills employed and the number of hours per week that each drilling team works. Our current
plan is to continue to have a robust drilling campaign throughout 2023. However, we are dependent on a number of factors which may alter
such plans, including, among others, financial resources, availability of qualified drills and personnel to operate them, and permitting. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 280,525 and a working capital deficit of 2,452,553, compared to cash and
cash equivalents 22,776 and a working capital deficit of 940,475 as of December 31, 2021. 

Net
cash used in operating activities totaled 1,480,530 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net cash used of 1,101,680 during
the year ended December 31, 2021 representing an increase in cash used of 378,850 or 34 . 

46 

 Table of Contents 

Net
cash used in investing activities totaled 2,846,356 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net cash used of 961,362 during
the year ended December 31, 2021 representing an increase in cash used of 1,884,994 or 196 . The increase is mainly due to the mining
rights purchases completed in 2022. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities totaled 4,502,356 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1,789,938 during the year
ended December 31, 2021 representing an increase in cash provided of 2.712,418 or 151 . 

We
currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

We
have limited working capital, have historically incurred net operating losses, and have not yet received material revenues from the sale
of products or services. 

Our
primary sources of liquidity have been derived through proceeds from the (i) issuance of debt and (ii) sales of our equity and the
equity of one of our subsidiaries. For example, On January 12, 2023, the Company completed its firm underwritten public
offering of 776,250 shares of the Company s common stock (which includes the shares subject to the over-allotment option, exercised
by the underwriter in full), for aggregate gross proceeds of 4,657,500 (prior to deducting any underwriting discounts, commissions,
and other offering expenses). Also, on January 30, 2023, the Company raised an aggregate of 4 million in gross proceeds from the
sale of its common stock in transaction exempt under Regulation S of the Securities Act. We believe our cash on hand will be
sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure requirements for a period of at least twelve months through March
2024. 

Our future short- and long-term capital requirements will depend on several
factors, including but not limited to, the rate of our growth, our ability to identify areas for mineral exploration and the economic potential of such
areas, the exploration and other drilling campaigns needed to verify and expand our mineral resources, the types of processing facilities
we would need to install to obtain commercial-ready products, and the ability to attract talent to manage our different areas of endeavor. To the extent that our current resources
are insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements, we may need to seek additional equity or debt financing. If the needed financing is
not available, or if the terms of financing are less desirable than we expect, we may be forced to scale back our existing operations
and growth plans, which could have an adverse impact on our business and financial prospects and could raise substantial doubt about our
ability to continue as a going concern. 

Currency
Risk 

We
operate primarily in Brazil which exposes us to currency risks. Our business activities may generate intercompany receivables or payables
that are in a currency other than the functional currency of the entity. Changes in exchange rates from the time the activity occurs
to the time payments are made may result in it receiving either more or less in local currency than the local currency equivalent at
the time of the original activity. 

Our
consolidated financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars. Accordingly, changes in exchange rates between the applicable foreign
currency and the U.S. dollar affect the translation of each foreign subsidiary s financial results into U.S. dollars for purposes
of reporting in the consolidated financial statements. Our foreign subsidiaries translate their financial results from the local currency
into U.S. dollars in the following manner: (a) income statement accounts are translated at average exchange rates for the period; (b)
balance sheet asset and liability accounts are translated at end of period exchange rates; and (c) equity accounts are translated at
historical exchange rates. Translation in this manner affects the shareholders equity account referred to as the foreign currency
translation adjustment account. This account exists only in the foreign subsidiaries U.S. dollar balance sheets and is necessary
to keep the foreign subsidiaries balance sheets in agreement. 

47 

 Table of Contents 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents and accrued expenses. The carrying amount of these financial instruments approximates
fair value due either to length of maturity or interest rates that approximate prevailing market rates unless otherwise disclosed in
our financial statements. If our estimate of the fair value is incorrect at December 31, 2022, it could negatively affect our financial
position and liquidity and could result in our having understated our net loss. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingencies at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from those estimates. 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

We
follow the guidance of Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 820 Fair Value Measurement and Disclosure.
Fair value is defined as the exit price, or the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
orderly transaction between market participants as of the measurement date. The guidance also establishes a hierarchy for inputs used
in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the
most observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs market participants would use in valuing the asset or liability
and are developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of us. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect our assumptions
about the factors market participants would use in valuing the asset or liability. The guidance establishes three levels of inputs that
may be used to measure fair value: 

Level
1. Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; 

Level
2. Inputs, other than the quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly; and 

Level
3. Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our derivative liabilities were considered a level 2 liability. We do not have any level 3 assets or liabilities. 

Our
financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, taxes receivable, prepaid expenses, deposits and other
assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses and convertible notes payable. The carrying amount of these financial instruments approximates
fair value due to either length of maturity or interest rates that approximate prevailing market rates unless otherwise disclosed in
these consolidated financial statements. 

48 

 Table of Contents 

Property
and Equipment 

Property
and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation. Major improvements and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and
repairs are expensed as incurred. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life. At the time
of retirement or other disposition of property and equipment, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and
any resulting gain or loss is reflected in the statements of operations as other gain or loss, net. 

The
diamond and gold processing plant and other machinery are depreciated over an estimated useful life of ten years; vehicles are depreciated
over an estimated life of four years; and computer and other office equipment over an estimated useful life of three years. 

Mineral
Properties 

Costs
of exploration, carrying and retaining unproven mineral lease properties are expensed as incurred. Mineral property acquisition costs,
including licenses and lease payments, are capitalized. Although we have taken steps to verify title to mineral properties in which it
has an interest, these procedures do not guarantee our rights. Such properties may be subject to prior agreements or transfers and title
may be affected by undetected defects. 

Impairment
losses are recorded on mineral properties used in operations when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted cash flows
estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the assets carrying amount. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not
recognize any impairment losses related to mineral properties held. 

Impairment
of Intangible Assets with Indefinite Useful Lives 

We
account for intangible assets in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill
and Other ASC 350 ). ASC 350 requires that intangible assets with indefinite useful lives no longer be amortized, but instead
be evaluated for impairment at least annually. On an annual basis, in the fourth quarter of the fiscal year, we review our intangible
assets with indefinite useful lives for impairment by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events
or circumstances makes it more-likely-than-not that the fair value of an intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. If it is
determined that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of an intangible asset is less than its carrying amount, the intangible
asset is further tested for impairment by comparing the carrying amount to its estimated fair value using a discounted cash flow. Impairment,
if any, is measured as the amount by which an indefinite-lived intangible asset s carrying amount exceeds its fair value. 

Application
of impairment tests requires significant management judgment, including the determination of fair value of each indefinite-lived intangible
asset. Judgment applied when performing the qualitative analysis includes consideration of macroeconomic, industry and market conditions,
overall financial performance of the entity, composition, or strategy changes affecting the recoverability of asset groups. Judgments
applied when performing the quantitative analysis includes estimating future cash flows, determining appropriate discount rates and making
other assumptions. Changes in these judgments, estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value for
each indefinite-lived intangible asset. 

49 

 Table of Contents 

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets 

For
long-lived assets, such as property and equipment and intangible assets subject to amortization, we continually monitor events and changes
in circumstances that could indicate carrying amounts of long-lived assets may not be recoverable. When such events or changes in circumstances
are present, we assess the recoverability of long-lived assets by determining whether the carrying value of such assets will be recovered
through undiscounted expected future cash flows. If the total of the future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of those assets,
we recognize an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of
are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or the fair value less costs to sell. 

Convertible
Instruments 

We
evaluate and account for conversion options embedded in convertible instruments in accordance with ASC 470-20, Debt with Conversion
and Other Options . 

Applicable
GAAP requires companies to bifurcate conversion options from their host instruments and account for them as free-standing derivative
financial instruments according to certain criteria. The criteria include circumstances in which (a) the economic characteristics and
risks of the embedded derivative instrument are not clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of the host
contract, (b) the hybrid instrument that embodies both the embedded derivative instrument and the host contract is not re-measured at
fair value under other GAAP with changes in fair value reported in earnings as they occur and (c) a separate instrument with the same
terms as the embedded derivative instrument would be considered a derivative instrument. 

We
account for convertible instruments (when it has been determined that the embedded conversion options should not be bifurcated from their
host instruments) by recording, when necessary, discounts to convertible notes for the intrinsic value of conversion options embedded
in debt instruments based upon the differences between the fair value of the underlying common stock at the commitment date of the note
transaction and the effective conversion price embedded in the note. Debt discounts under these arrangements are amortized over the term
of the related debt to their stated date of redemption. 

Variable
Interest Entities 

We
determine at the inception of each arrangement whether an entity in which we hold an investment or in which we have other variable interests
in is considered a variable interest entity. We consolidate VIEs when we are the primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary of a VIE
is the party that meets both of the following criteria: (1) has the power to make decisions that most significantly affect the economic
performance of the VIE; and (2) has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that in either case could potentially
be significant to the VIE. Periodically, we assess whether any changes in the interest or relationship with the entity affect the determination
of whether the entity is still a VIE and, if so, whether we are the primary beneficiary. If we are not the primary beneficiary in a VIE,
we account for the investment under the equity method or cost method in accordance with the applicable GAAP. 

We
have concluded that Apollo Resources, Jupiter Gold and their subsidiaries are VIEs in accordance with applicable accounting
standards and guidance; and although the operations of Apollo Resources and Jupiter Gold are independent of ours, because our chief
executive officer, Marc Fogassa, is also the controlling shareholder of both Apollo Resources and Jupiter Gold, we may be considered
to have power to direct the activities that are most significant to Apollo Resources and Jupiter Gold. Therefore, we concluded that
we are the primary beneficiary of both Apollo Resources and Jupiter Gold. 

50 

 Table of Contents 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

We
record stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation. ASC 718 requires companies to measure
compensation cost for stock-based employee compensation at fair value at the grant date and recognize the expense over the employee s
requisite service period. Under ASC 718, volatility is based on the historical volatility of our stock or the expected volatility of
the stock of similar companies. The expected life assumption is primarily based on historical exercise patterns and employee post-vesting
termination behavior. The risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect
at the time of grant. 

We
utilize the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which was developed for use in estimating the fair value of options. Option-pricing models
require the input of highly complex and subjective variables including the expected life of options granted and the expected volatility
of our stock price over a period equal to or greater than the expected life of the options. Because changes in the subjective assumptions
can materially affect the estimated value of our employee stock options, it is management s opinion that the Black-Scholes option-pricing
model may not provide an accurate measure of the fair value of our employee stock options. Although the fair value of employee stock
options is determined in accordance with ASC Topic 718 using an option-pricing model, that value may not be indicative of the fair value
observed in a willing buyer/willing seller market transaction. 

On
June 20, 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-07 which simplifies the accounting for share-based payments granted to nonemployees for goods
and services. Under the ASU, most of the guidance on such payments to nonemployees would be aligned with the requirements for share-based
payments granted to employees. Equity classified share-based payments for employees was fixed at the time of grant. Equity-classified
nonemployee share-based payment awards are measured at the grant date of the award which is the same as share-based payments for employees.
We adopted the requirements of the new rule as of January 1, 2019, the effective date of the new guidance. 

Foreign
Currency 

Our
foreign subsidiaries use a local currency as the functional currency. Resulting translation gains or losses are recognized as a component
of accumulated other comprehensive income. Transaction gains or losses related to balances denominated in a currency other than the functional
currency are recognized in the consolidated statements of operations. Net foreign currency transaction losses included in our consolidated
statements of operations were negligible for all periods presented. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

Our
consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our significant accounting
policies are described in Note 1 of the financial statements. We have reviewed all recent accounting pronouncements issued to the date
of the issuance of these financial statements, and we do not believe any of these pronouncements will have a material impact on us. 

51 

 Table of Contents 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

The
information to be reported under this Item is not required of smaller reporting companies. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Our
financial statements, including the notes thereto, together with the report from our independent registered public accounting firm are
presented beginning at page F-1. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None . 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

(a)
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The
Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer,
has evaluated the design, operation, and effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act as of December 31, 2022. In designing and evaluating
our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated,
can provide only reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted pursuant to
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Commission,
and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including its Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial
Officer as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure . In addition, the
design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required
to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. On the basis of that
evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 

(b)
Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange
Act Rule 13a-15(f). The Company s internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance to management and to the
Company s Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. Under the supervision
and with the participation of management, including the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer,
management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the
framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
Based on management s evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework, management concluded
that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022, at a reasonable assurance level. 

52 

 Table of Contents 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Since the Company is a smaller reporting company,, management s report is not subject to attestation
by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. As a result, this
Annual Report contains only management s report on internal controls. 

(c)
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2022 that materially
affected, or would be reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

(d)
Limitations of the Effectiveness of Internal Controls 

The
effectiveness of the Company s system of internal control over financial reporting is subject to certain limitations, including
the exercise of judgment in designing, implementing and evaluating the control system, the assumptions used in identifying the likelihood
of future events, and the inability to eliminate fraud and misconduct completely. As a result, there can be no assurance that the Company s
internal control over financial reporting will detect all errors or fraud. However, the Company s control systems have been designed
to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. The Company has utilized the 1992 Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission s internal control framework. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The
following table sets forth certain information as of the date of this Report, concerning our directors and executive officers: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Marc
 Fogassa 
 
 56 
 
 Chairman,
 Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 Ambassador
 Robert Noriega 
 
 63 
 
 Independent
 Director, Member of the Audit Committee 
 
 Cassiopeia
 Olson, Esq. 
 
 45 
 
 Independent
 Director, Member of the Audit Committee 
 
 Stephen
 R. Petersen, CFA 
 
 67 
 
 Independent
 Director, Member of the Audit Committee 
 
 Gustavo
 Pereira de Aguiar 
 
 40 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Treasurer, Principal Accounting Officer 
 
 Brian
 W. Bernier 
 
 64 
 
 Vice-President,
 Corporate Development and Investor Relations 
 
 Joel
 de Paiva Monteiro, Esq. 
 
 32 
 
 Chief
 of Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance (ESG), Vice-President, Administration and Operations, and Secretary 
 
 Volodymyr
 Myadzel, PhD, Geol. 
 
 47 
 
 Senior
 Vice-President, Geology 
 
 Areli
 Nogueira da Silva J nior, Geol. 
 
 42 
 
 Vice-President,
 Mineral Exploration 

53 

 Table of Contents 

Marc
Fogassa , age 56, has been a director and our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since 2012. He has extensive experience in venture
capital and public company chief executive management. He has served on boards of directors of multiple private companies in various
industries, and has been invited to speak about investment issues, particularly as related to Brazil. Mr. Fogassa double majored at the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (M.I.T.), graduating with two Bachelor of Science degrees in 1990. He later graduated from the
Harvard Medical School with a Doctor of Medicine degree in 1995, and also from the Harvard Business School with a Master of Business
Administration degree in 1999 with Second-Year Honors. At Harvard Business School, he was Co-President of the Venture Capital and Private
Equity Club. Mr. Fogassa was born in Brazil and is fluent in Portuguese and English. Mr. Fogassa is also the Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of Jupiter Gold Corporation, and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Apollo Resources Corporation, two of our consolidated
subsidiaries. Marc Fogassa serves as a director because of his experience in the management of public companies in mineral exploration
and his understanding of Brazil, the jurisdiction where we operate. 

Ambassador
Roger Noriega , age 63, has been an independent director since 2012, and member of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors since
2021. He has extensive experience in Latin America. Amb. Noriega was appointed by President George W. Bush and confirmed by the U.S.
Senate as U.S. Assistant Secretary of State and served from 2003 to 2005. In that capacity, Amb. Noriega managed a 3,000-person team
of professionals in Washington and in 50 diplomatic posts to design and implement political and economic strategies in Canada, Latin
America, and the Caribbean. Prior to this assignment, Amb. Noriega served as U.S. Ambassador to the Organization of American States from
2001 to 2003. Since 2009, Amb. Noriega has been the Managing Director of Vision Americas, a Latin America-focused consulting group that
he founded. Amb. Noriega has a Bachelor of Arts degree from Washburn University of Topeka, Kansas. Ambassador Noriega serves as a director
because of his experience in complex multi-jurisdictional agreements and his business and diplomatic experience with Brazil. 

Cassiopeia
Olson, Esq. , age 45, has been an independent director
since 2021, and member of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors since 2021. She is an attorney with extensive experience in international
contracts, securities law and venture negotiations. She has represented or engaged in transactions with leading companies in
the biomedical, technology and products and services sectors. From 2013 to 2017, Ms. Olson was at Kaplowitz
Firm P.C. and from 2017 to January, 2020, she was an attorney with the Crone Law Group. From February, 2020 to May 2022 Ms.
Olson was an attorney with Ellenoff Grossman Schole LP. She has been with Mitchell Silberberg
 Knupp since May of 2022. She received a B.A. in Economics and Finance from Loyola University in Chicago, and a J.D.
from The John Marshall School of Law. Ms. Olson serves as a director because of her experience with working with large multinational companies
in complex transactions and her knowledge of U.S. securities law. 

Stephen
R. Petersen, CFA , age 67, has been an independent director since 2021, and member of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors
since 202. Mr. Petersen over 40 years of experience in the capital markets and investment management. Since 2013, he has been a Managing
Director and member of the Investment Committee at Prio Wealth, an independent investment management firm with over 3 billion in assets
under management. Previously, Mr. Petersen served as Senior Vice President, Investments at Fidelity Investments for approximately 32
years. During his tenure at Fidelity, Mr. Petersen served as a Portfolio Manager and Group Leader of The Fidelity Management Trust Company
and was responsible for managing several equity income and balanced mutual funds such as Fidelity Equity Income Fund (1993-2011), Fidelity
Balanced Fund (1996-1997), Fidelity VIP Equity-Income Fund (1997-2011), Fidelity Puritan Fund (2000-2007), Fidelity Advisor Equity-Income
Fund (2009-2011), and Fidelity Equity-Income II (2009-2011). He began his career at Fidelity as an Equity Analyst. Mr. Petersen received
a B.B.A. in Finance and an M.S. in Finance from the University of Wisconsin-Madison. Mr. Petersen serves on the Board of the University
of Wisconsin Foundation and Chairs its Investment Committee. He also is Co-Chair of the Executive Committee for the Catholic Schools
Foundation Inner-City Scholarship Fund. Mr. Petersen is a Chartered Financial Analyst. Mr. Petersen serve as a director because of his
experience with capital markets and his knowledge of finance including expertise with financial statements. 

54 

 Table of Contents 

Gustavo
Pereira de Aguiar, age 40, has been our Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, and Treasurer since 2022. From 2016
until 2022, Mr. Aguiar was the Controller of Jaguar Mining, Inc., a Canadian publicly traded company with two producing gold mines in
the state of Minas Gerais in Brazil. From 2013 to 2016, Mr. Aguiar was Controller at Grupo Orguel, an enterprise in the construction
equipment rental sector in Brazil which received funding from Carlyle, a U.S. private equity group, and from 2010 to 2013, Mr. Aguiar
worked at Mirabella Minera o, which at the time was developing its nickel project in the state of Bahia in Brazil. From
2006 to 2010, Mr. Aguiar was an auditor with Deloitte in Brazil. Mr. Aguiar has undergraduate degrees in Business Administration and
in Accounting from Universidade FUMEC in Brazil. He has an executive MBA and further post-graduate education in finance from Funda o
Dom Cabral in Brazil. Mr. Aguiar is fluent in Portuguese and English and is a licensed accountant in Brazil. 

Brian
W. Bernier , age 64, has been our Vice-President, Corporate Development and Investor Relations since 2019. From 2010 to 2017, Mr.
Bernier was a relationship manager at Four Spring Capital Trust, and from 2017 to 2019, he was a registered representative at Noble Capital
Markets and responsible for presenting selective investment opportunities to asset managers and high net worth individuals. Mr. Bernier
graduated with a degree in Management from Boston University. 

Joel
de Paiva Monteiro, Esq. , age 32, has been our Vice-President, Administration and Operations, since 2020, and our Chief of Environmental,
Social, and Corporate Governance ESG matters since 2021. Previously he was a partner of the Brazilian law firm PRA Advogados
with three offices and headquarters in Belo Horizonte, state of Minas Gerais. Mr. Monteiro has worked with all aspects of Brazilian business
law and has extensive experience in a wide range of areas from strategic business planning to litigation. His prior clients included
large corporations in a variety of economic sectors in diverse states in Brazil. Mr. Monteiro has a law degree from the Milton Campos
Faculty in Belo Horizonte, Brazil. Subsequently he achieved a post-graduate degree in Business and Civil Law from the Pontifical Catholic
University of Minas Gerais. Mr. Monteiro is also a director of Jupiter Gold Corporation and of Apollo Resources Corporation, two of our
consolidated subsidiaries.. 

Volodymyr
Myadzel, PhD, Geol. , age 47, became our Senior Vice-President, Geology, in 2022 after serving as an independent consultant to the
Company since 2021. Under Regulation S-K 1300, he is a Qualified Person for lithium, iron, and gold, among other minerals. Mr. Myadzel
is a geologist with over 23 years experience acquired in mines and projects in Russia, Ukraine, Guinea, Uruguay, and Brazil in
a variety of minerals including lithium, iron, and gold. His primary expertise entails geological modeling, resource estimation, and
QA/QC analysis. Mr. Myadzel has extensive experience in auditing mineral projects on behalf of investors or acquiring companies. He is
a principal at VMG Consultoria e Solu es Ltda, a company that has provided geological expertise to large global companies
with mines and projects in Brazil. Mr. Myadzel received Bachelor and Master degrees in Geological Engineering and a PhD degree in Geology,
all from Kryvyi Rih National University in Ukraine. 

Areli
Nogueira da Silva J nior, Geol. , age 42, became our Vice-President, Mineral Exploration, in 2021, after serving as an independent
consultant to the Company since 2018.. Mr. da Silva meets the requirements of a Qualified Person as such term is defined in the Regulation S-K 1300. He is the Founder and was the Chief Technical Officer of MineXplore, a consultancy firm focused on mineral
rights in Brazil. Mr. da Silva has been a consultant geologist with GeoEspinha o, a firm that undertakes geological studies in
a variety of minerals across Brazil. He has also been a college faculty member teaching geology. Previously, he worked at the Brazilian
Mining Department and before that as a geologist at Usiminas Minera o. Mr. da Silva has a Master of Geology degree from
the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro, and an undergraduate degree in Geological Engineering from the School of Mines of the Federal
University of Ouro Preto, the oldest mining college in Brazil. Mr. da Silva is also a director of Jupiter Gold Corporation, one of our
consolidated subsidiaries. 

55 

 Table of Contents 

Board
Composition 

Our
Board of Directors is composed of four members, Ambassador Roger Noriega, Cassiopeia Olson, Esq., Stephen R. Petersen, CFA, and Marc
Fogassa. 

There
are no family relationships among our directors and executive officers. There is no arrangement or understanding between or among our
executive officers and directors pursuant to which any director or officer was or is to be selected as a director or officer, and there
is no arrangement, plan, or understanding as to whether non-management shareholders will exercise their voting rights to continue to
elect the current Board of Directors. 

Our
directors and executive officers have not, during the past ten years: 

had
 any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer, either
 at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time, 

been
 convicted in a criminal proceeding and is not subject to a pending criminal proceeding, 

been
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently, or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending, or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities,
 futures, commodities, or banking activities; or 

been
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities Exchange Commission, or the Commodity Futures Trading
 Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended,
 or vacated. 

Overview
of Corporate Governance 

We
are committed to maintaining high standards of business conduct and corporate governance, which we believe are fundamental to the overall
success of our business, serving our stockholders well, and maintaining our integrity in the marketplace. As discussed below, our Board
of Directors has established three standing committees to assist it in fulfilling its responsibilities to us and our stockholders: 

1. 
 The
 Audit Committee; 

2. 
 The
 Compensation Committee; and 

3. 
 The
 Nominations Committee. 

Director
Independence 

We
currently have three independent directors on our Board of Directors. We use the definition of independence found in the
Listing Rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq to make this determination. 

Our
Board of Directors has undertaken a review of the independence of each director and will review the independence of any new directors
based on information provided by each director concerning their background, employment, and affiliations, in order to make a determination
of independence. Our Board of Directors has determined that the following directors are independent: 

1. 
 Ambassador
 Roger Noriega 

2. 
 Stephen
 R. Petersen, CFA 

3. 
 Cassiopeia
 Olson, Esq. 

56 

 Table of Contents 

Board
Diversity 

Pursuant
to Nasdaq s Board Diversity Rule 5605(f), which was approved by the SEC on August 6, 2021, we have taken steps to meet the diversity
objective as set out in this rule within the applicable transition period. We identified candidates for our Board of Directors who meet
the board diversity requirement and have appointed one female independent director to our Board of Directors. The following is our Board
Diversity Matrix as of the date hereof: 

Board
 Diversity Matrix 

Total
 Number of Directors 
 4 

Part
 I: Gender Identity 
 Female 
 Male 

Directors 
 1 
 3 

Part
 II: Demographic Background 

Hispanic
 or Latinx 
 0 
 2 

White 
 1 
 1 

Role
of our Board of Directors in Risk Oversight 

One
of the key functions of our Board of Directors is informed oversight of our risk management process. We have formed supporting committees,
including the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Nominations Committee, each of which supports the Board of Directors
by addressing risks specific to its respective areas of oversight. In particular, our Audit Committee has the responsibility to consider
and discuss our major financial risk exposures and the steps our management takes to monitor and control these exposures, including guidelines
and policies to govern the process by which risk assessment and management is undertaken. The Audit Committee also monitors compliance
with legal and regulatory requirements, in addition to oversight of the performance of our internal audit function. Our Compensation
Committee assesses and monitors whether any of our compensation policies and programs has the potential to encourage excessive risk-taking.
Our Nominations Committee provides oversight with respect to corporate governance and ethical conduct and monitors the effectiveness
of our corporate governance guidelines, including whether such guidelines are successful in preventing illegal or improper liability-creating
conduct. 

Committees
of our Board of Directors 

Our
Board of Directors has established three standing committees- the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Nominations Committee. 

Audit
Committee 

Nasdaq
listing rules require that our Audit Committee be composed of at least three members all of whom are independent directors 
who are financially literate as defined under the Nasdaq listing standards. As of the date hereof, our Audit Committee
was composed of the following, all of whom have been affirmatively determined by our Board of Directors to meet the definition of independent
director for purposes of serving on an Audit Committee under Rule 10A-3 and Nasdaq rules, all of whom qualify as financial experts: 

57 

 Table of Contents 

1. 
 Ambassador
 Roger Noriega 

2. 
 Cassiopeia
 Olson, Esq. 

3. 
 Stephen
 R. Petersen, CFA 

Our
director Mr. Stephen R. Petersen, CFA, is an independent member of our Audit Committee who qualifies as an audit committee financial
expert as defined in Item 407(e)(5) of Regulation S-K. 

Compensation
Committee and Nominations Committee 

Nasdaq
listing rules require that our Compensation Committee and Nominations Committee be composed solely of independent directors. At this
time, our Nominations Committee and Compensation Committee are both comprised solely of independent directors. As of the date hereof,
the members of each of our Nominations Committee and Compensation Committee are: 

Compensation
 Committee 
 
 Nominations
 Committee 
 
 1. 
 Ambassador
 Roger Noriega 
 
 Cassiopeia
 Olson, Esq. 
 
 2. 
 Cassiopeia
 Olson, Esq. 
 
 Stephen
 R. Petersen, CFA 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

At
no time have any of the members of our Compensation Committee been one of our officers or employees. None of our executive officers currently
serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the board of directors or Compensation Committee of any other entity that has
one or more executive officers on our Board of Directors or Compensation Committee. 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We
adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers, and employees, including our principal
executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions and
agents and representatives, including consultants. A copy of the code of business conduct and ethics is available on our website at www.atlas-lithium.com.
We intend to disclose future amendments to such code, or any waivers of its requirements, applicable to any principal executive officer,
principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions or our directors on
our website identified above. The inclusion of our website address does not include or incorporate by reference the information on our
website into this document. 

Controlled
Company 

Marc
Fogassa, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, currently controls approximately 54.11 of the voting power of our capital stock and
will control approximately 53.76 of the combined voting power of our capital stock upon completion of this offering, and we believe
we may be a controlled company, as such term is defined under the Nasdaq Listing Rules. We currently do not rely on
the controlled company exemptions provided under the Nasdaq Listing Rules, but we may do so in the future. 

58 

 Table of Contents 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

Compensation
of Named Executive Officers 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, a summary of the compensation paid to or earned by the Named
Executive Officers. Note that, as a smaller reporting company and pursuant to the rules of the SEC, the Company is providing
compensation information for 2022 and 2021 for Marc Fogassa, our Chief Executive Officer, Gustavo Aguiar, our Chief Financial Officer
and Brian Bernier, Vice President of our Corporate Development, as the two most highly compensated executive officers of the Company,
other than Mr. Fogassa. 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 ) 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 Stock
 Awards ) 
 Option 
 Awards ) (2) 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Non-Qualified 
 Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All 
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Marc
 Fogassa, Chairman and 
 2022 
 - 
 177,751 (1) 
 177,751 (1) 
 743,414 
 - 
 - 
 33,643 (9) 
 1,132,559 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 901,940 
 - 
 - 
 11,582 (9) 
 913,522 
 
 Gustavo
 Aguiar, 
 2022 
 80,903 
 70,000
 (5) 

150,903 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (4) 

Brian
 Bernier, 
 2022 
 100,000 
 24,900
 (6) 
 30,000 (7) 

154,900 
 
 VP,
 Corporate Development (8) 

(1) 
 Pursuant
 to the terms of Mr. Fogassa s amended and restated employment agreement, his 2021 performance bonus,
 which was paid in cash in early 2022 as half in cash and half in stock. 
 
 (2) 
 The
 amounts in this column reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of stock options granted in 2021 and 2022 to our Chief Executive
 Officer calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. Please see Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for the year
 ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 contained in this Annual Report for the assumptions used in the calculation of grant date fair value
 pursuant to FASB ASC Topic 718. 
 
 (3) 
 The
 amounts in this column reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of stock awards granted in 2022 calculated. in accordance with
 FASB ASC Topic 718to our Chief Executive Officer. Pursuant to the terms of Mr. Fogassa s amended and restated employment agreement,
 he received half of his 2021 performance bonus as fully vested stock, which was granted in early 2022. 
 
 (4) 
 Mr.
 Aguiar was appointed as our Chief Financial Officer on March 16, 2022. 
 
 (5) 
 Mr.
 Aguiar receives specific performance bonuses tied to successful completion and timely filing of our periodic reporting obligations
 with the SEC. 
 
 (6) 
 Mr.
 Bernier receives discretionary performance bonus. 
 
 (7) 
 Pursuant
 to the terms of his agreement with the Company, Mr. Bernier does not receive cash compensation. Instead, Mr. Bernier is granted monthly
 fully vested shares equal to 2,500 in value, with the price per share calculated as the average closing price for the applicable
 monthly period. 
 
 (8) 
 Mr.
 Bernier was hired/appointed VP, Corporate Development in 2019 
 
 (9) 
 All
 Other Compensation for Mr. Fogassa includes disability insurance coverage
for Mr. Fogassa for 2021 and 2022, and medical, dental and vision insurance coverage for Mr. Fogassa and his dependents for part of 2022. 

Narrative
to Summary Compensation Table 

On
December 31, 2020, our Board approved an
amendment and restatement of the employment agreement between the Company and Marc Fogassa, our Chief Executive Officer (the
 A R Employment Agreement ). Under the A R Employment agreement, Mr. Fogassa will no longer be entitled to a
salary payable in cash, which under the terms of the prior agreement was for an amount of 250,000 per annum. Instead, he will be
granted each month ten-year non-qualified stock options to purchase up to 33,334 shares of our common stock at an exercise price
equal to 0.0075 per share, such price and shares being subject to customary adjustments for any dividends, stock splits,
reorganization or similar events. If and when such options are exercised, the stock to be received will be restricted by the
provisions of Rule 144, which currently limits any sales of affiliates with respect to the Company to 1 of the total outstanding
shares per every 90-day period. Mr. Fogassa is also entitled to incentive compensation payable half in cash and half in fully vested shares of common
stock upon achieving of certain book value metrics, as set forth in the A R Employment Agreement. 

Under the A R Employment
Agreement, Mr. Fogassa is entitled to a housing benefit of up to 5,000 per month for a primary or secondary residence out of the United
States, The Company shall pay all costs of reasonable medical, dental, vision, long-term disability, and short-term disability to Mr.
Fogassa, and to his spouse or partner and children under the age of 21, at reasonable plans chosen by Mr. Fogassa. Unless declined by
Mr. Fogassa, the Company shall pay the annual premium costs of a life insurance policy for Mr. Fogassa in the amount of 5,000,000 for
payment to his designated beneficiaries. Upon termination by the Company, the Company shall immediately make a payment to Mr. Fogassa
equal to 500,000. If upon the completion of a change of control, or other corporate event, Mr. Fogassa is no longer the Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, or the Chief Executive Officer of the new controlling person of the Company, as the case may be, then the Company
shall immediately make a payment to Mr. Fogassa equal to 2,000,000. 

59 

 Table of Contents 

On March 15, 2022, the Company and Gustavo
Pereira de Aguiar, our Chief Financial Officer, entered into an agreement, effective March 16, 2022
(the Start Date ), pursuant to with Mr. Aguiar is providing services to us (the GPA Employment Agreement ). 

Under the GPA Employment Agreement, Mr. Pereira
de Aguiar received a signing bonus totaling 25,000, all payable in 2022 in two equal tranches ,
and is being paid base cash compensation of 9,500 per month . He is entitled
to a maximum annual bonus of 45,000, with the amount received conditioned on the filing by the Company, on an annual basis, of
one Form 10-K and three Forms 10-Q with the SEC. Further, on the Start Date, Mr. Pereira de Aguiar was granted 85,019 common shares (the
 GPA Grant ), for the purchase price of 1.00 discounted from the first base compensation, which will vest over four years
in four tranches. 

The agreement is terminable at any time by mutual
agreement of the parties and at any time for any reason or no reason by one party, with prior written notice of thirty days to the other
party, provided that if Mr. Pereira de Aguiar s employment is terminated for any reason by the Company other than gross negligence
or willful malfeasance, the GPA Grant shall be deemed to be fully vested immediately upon such termination. If such termination occurs
before the first-year anniversary of the Start Date, the Company shall be required to make a 60,000 payment to Mr. Pereira de Aguiar
within thirty days of said termination, and if such termination occurs after the first anniversary, but before the second anniversary
of the Start Date, then the Company shall be required to make a 30,000 payment to Mr. Pereira de Aguiar within thirty days of said termination.
If the Company terminates the GPA Employment Agreement for gross negligence or willful malfeasance, then the portion of the GPA Grant
which is not yet vested shall be deemed to be forfeited. 

Outstanding Equity Awards
at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table provides
information regarding equity awards held by the named executive officers that were outstanding as of December 31, 2022: 

Option awards 
 Stock awards 
 
 Name 
 Number
 of securities underlying unexercised options (#) exercisable 
 Number
 of securities underlying unexercised options (#) unexercisable 
 Equity
 incentive plan awards: Number of securities underlying unexercised unearned options (#) 
 Option
 exercise price ) 
 Option
 expiration date 
 Number
 of shares or units of stock that have not vested (#) 
 Market
 value of shares of units of stock that have not vested ) 
 Equity
 incentive plan awards: Number of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested (#) 
 Equity
 incentive plan awards: Market or payout value of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested ) 
 
 Marc Fogassa 
 151,141 (1) 

0.0075 
 02/19/2024;

Marc Fogassa 
 2,500 (2) 

0.10
 (2) 
 12/31/2030 

Marc Fogassa 
 2,500 (2) 

0.10
 (2) 
 01/31/2031 

Marc Fogassa 
 2,500 (2) 

0.10
 (2) 
 02/28/2031 

Marc Fogassa 
 2,500 (2) 

0.10 (2) 
 03/31/2031 

Marc Fogassa 
 2,500 (2) 

0.10
 (2) 
 04/30/2031 

Marc Fogassa 
 2,500 (2) 

0.10 (2) 
 05/31/2031 

Marc Fogassa 
 2,500 (2) 

0.10
 (2) 
 06/30/2031 

Marc Fogassa 
 2,500 (2) 

0.10 (2) 
 07/31/2031 

Marc Fogassa 
 2,500 (2) 

0.10 (2) 
 08/31/2031 

Marc Fogassa 
 2,500 (2) 

0.10 (2) 
 09/30/2031 

Marc Fogassa 
 2,500 (2) 

0.10 (2) 
 10/31/2031 

Marc Fogassa 
 2,500 (2) 

0.10
 (2) 
 11/30/2031 

Marc Fogassa 
 2,500 (2) 

0.10 (2) 
 12/31/2031 

Marc Fogassa 
 2,500 (2) 

0.10
 (2) 
 01/31/2032 

Marc Fogassa 
 2,500 (2) 

0.10 (2) 
 02/28/2032 

Marc Fogassa 
 2,500 (2) 

0.10 (2) 
 03/31/2032 

Marc Fogassa 
 2,500 (2) 

0.10 (2) 
 04/30/2032 

Marc Fogassa 
 2,500 (2) 

0.10 (2) 
 05/31/2032 

Marc Fogassa 
 2,500 (2) 

0.10 (2) 
 06/30/2032 

Marc Fogassa 
 2,500 (2) 

0.10 (2) 
 07/31/2032 

Marc Fogassa 
 2,500 (2) 

0.10 (2) 
 08/31/2032 

Marc Fogassa 
 2,500 (2) 

0.10 (2) 
 09/30/2032 

Marc Fogassa 
 2,500 (2) 

0.10 (2) 
 10/31/2032 

Marc Fogassa 
 2,500 (2) 

0.10 (2) 
 11/30/2032 

Gustavo
 Aguiar 
 85,019
 (3) 

1,483,582 

(1) 
 Fully-vested option to
 purchase up to 151,141 shares of our common stock at 0.0075 per share. 
 
 (2) 
 In accordance with the
 terms of the A R Employment Agreement, Mr. Fogassa agreed to receive awards of stock options on a monthly basis in lieu of base
 salary. All options vested 100 on the grant date and have a ten-year term expiring on the tenth anniversary of the corresponding
 grant date. Fully-vested options to purchase up to 2,500 shares of our Series D Convertible Preferred Shares for 0.10
 per share of our Series D Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 (3) 
 On March 16, 2022, Mr.
 Aguiar was granted restricted shares of Company common stock which will vest over four years in four equal tranches. 

60 

 Table of Contents 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table sets forth a summary of compensation for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, that we paid to each director other
than its Chief Executive Officer, whose compensation is fully reflected in the the Summary Compensation Table set forth above. We do
not sponsor a pension benefits plan, a non-qualified deferred compensation plan, or a non-equity incentive plan for directors; therefore,
these columns have been omitted from the following table. No other or additional compensation for services were paid to any of the directors. 

Name 
 Fees
 Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock
 Compensation ) 
 Option 
 Compensation ) (1) 

Total 
 ) 
 
 Ambassador
 Roger Noriega 

147,557 (2) 

147,557 
 
 Cassiopeia
 Olson, Esq. 
 
 6,000 (3) 
 23,585 

29,585 
 
 Stephen
 R. Petersen, CFA 
 
 6,000 (3) 
 47,975 

53,975 

(1) 
 The
 amounts in this column reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of stock options granted in 2022 to each director calculated in
 accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. Please see Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021
 contained in this Annual Report for the assumptions used in the calculation of grant date fair value pursuant to FASB ASC Topic 718. 

(2)
On December 31, 2020, our Board of Directors approved an amendment and restatement of the compensation agreement between the Company
and Ambassador Roger Noriega, its independent director. The material change in the agreement is as follows. Under the prior agreement,
Ambassador had the right to receive an annual compensation of 50,000 payable quarterly through the issuance of such number of five-year
options on our common stock as needed to make their Black-Scholes aggregate valuation equal to 12,500; such options had a strike price
equal to the average market price of the common stock during such quarter. Under the amended and restated agreement, Ambassador Noriega
will receive, on a quarterly basis, ten-year non-qualified stock options to purchase up to 20,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise
price equal to 0.0075 per share, such price and shares being subject to customary adjustments for any dividends, etc. If and when such
options are exercised, the stock to be received will be restricted by the provisions of Rule 144, which currently limits any sales of
affiliates with respect to the Company to 1 of the total outstanding shares per every 90-day period. 

On
September 17, 2021, we filed a Current Report on Form 8-K indicating that on September 15, 2021,
our Board approved resolutions that allow directors the choice to direct the option compensation described in the Board resolutions dated
December 31, 2020 (the 2020 Resolutions, reported in the Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 7, 2021) to either options
to purchase our common stock as originally described in the 2020 Resolutions or to an equivalent number of options to purchase our Series
D Convertible Preferred Stock. 

(3)
Mr. Olson and Mr. Petersen had the right to receive 6,000 in cash each for services as director during the year 2022. Both were given
a choice and opted to receive shares of our common stock at then public market price instead of cash. 

61 

 Table of Contents 

Equity
Compensation Plan 

In
2017, our Board of Directors approved our 2017 Stock Incentive Plan under which we can offer eligible employees, consultants, and non-employee
directors cash and stock-based compensation and/or incentives to compensate, attract, retain, or reward such individuals. On July 18,
2022, our Board of Directors and the holder of a majority of the voting power of our issued and outstanding capital stock approved an
increase in the number of common shares allocated to the 2017 Stock Incentive Plan from 33,334 to 333,334. We have no other equity compensation
plan. The table below sets forth certain information as of December 31, 2022 with respect to the 2017 Stock Incentive Plan. 

Plan
 Category 
 
 Number
 of 
 securities 
 to 
 be issued 
 upon 
 exercise 
 of 
 outstanding 
 options, 
 warrants, 
 and rights 
 (a) 

Weighted- 
 average 
 exercise 
 price of 
 outstanding 
 options, 
 warrants 
 and rights 
 (b) 

Number
 of 
 securities 
 remaining 
 available for 
 future 
 issuance 
 under equity 
 compensation 
 plans 
 (excluding 
 securities 
 reflected in 
 column (a) 
 (c) 

Equity
 compensation plans approved by security holders 

333,334 

n/a 

333,334 

Equity
 compensation plans not approved by security holders (2017 Stock Incentive Plan) 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

333,334 

n/a 

333,334 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Under Section
16 of the Exchange Act, our directors, executive officers and any persons holding more than 10 of our common stock are required to report
initial ownership of our common stock and any subsequent changes in ownership to the SEC. Specific due dates have been established by
the SEC, and the Company is required to disclose in this Annual Report any failure to file required ownership reports by these dates.
Based solely upon a review of forms filed with the SEC and the written representations of such persons, the Company is aware of no late
Section 16(a) filings except as follows: (i) for Brian W. Bernier , a late Form 4 filing related
to a sale of common stock subject to a Rule 10b5-1 Sales Plan ; (ii) for Marc Fogassa ,
a late Form 4 filing related to monthly grants of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock Options ;
(iii) for Joel de Paiva Monteiro , a late Form 4 filing related to monthly grants of
common stock held by Joel Monteiro Sociedade Individual de Advocacia ; (iv) for Roger Noriega ,
a late Form 4 filing related to quarterly grants of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock Options ;
(v) for Areli Nogueira da Silva Junior , a late Form 4 filing related to monthly grants
of common stock and grants of common stock as additional compensation for services rendered to the Company held by Geoespinhaco Consultoria
Geologica Ltda ; (vi) for Gustavo Pereira de Aguiar ,
a late Form 4 filing related to a grant of common stock related to his employment as CFO, Treasurer and PAO ;
(vii) for Volodymyr Myadzel , a late Form 4 related to monthly grants of common stock ;
(viii) for Roger Noriega, a late Form 4 related to grants of common stock in connection with the cashless exercise of stock options,
quarterly awards of common stock options for services as a director, and exercises of common stock options ;
(ix) for Marc Fogassa , a late Form 4 filing related to monthly grants of Series D
Convertible Preferred Stock Options, grants of common stock for services rendered to the Company, cash exercise of stock options, cashless
exercises of stock options, a grant of common stock related to an open market acquisition, dispositions of common stock pursuant to a
10b5-1 Sales Plan, grants of common stock in satisfaction of contractual obligations, a grant of one share of Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock in connection with a series of transactions effected in December 2012, grants of common stock options in connection with the conversion
of the 0 Convertible Promissory Note issued in September 2017, an exercise of common stock options, cancellation of the 0 Convertible
Promissory Notes and conversion of certain Convertible Promissory Notes into options to purchase common stock or the monetary equivalent
of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, and conversion of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock issued in connection with the satisfaction
and cancellation of the 6 Convertible Notes issued in September 2017 into common stock ; (x) for
Brian W. Bernier, a late Form 3 filing, amending the original Form 3 filed upon his appointment as Vice President, to disclose previously
unreported monthly grants of common stock and correct the total amount of securities beneficially owned following the reported transactions;
(xi) for each of Joel de Paiva Monteiro, Volodymyr Myadzel, Gustavo Pereira de Aguiar and Areli Nogueira da Silva Junior ,
a late Form 3 filing upon their appointment as VP, Admin Ops, ESG, VP, Geology, CFO/PAO and VP, Mineral Exploration, respectively;
(xii) for Cassiopeia Olson , a late Form 4 filing related to a grant of common stock
options as compensation for services as a director , (xiii) for Stephen R. Petersen ,
a late Form 4 related to a purchase of common stock pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement, a grant of a common stock purchase
warrant as inducement for purchase of common shares of a subsidiary of the Company, and a grant of common stock options as compensation
for services as a director ; (xiv) for Brian W. Bernier, a late Form 4, amending the original Form
4 filed in November 2021, to disclose the correct amounts of securities beneficially owned after reported transactions and to disclose
previously unreported transactions related to monthly grants of common stock and sales of common stock pursuant to a 10b5-1 Sales
Plan ; (xv) for Brian W. Bernier, a late Form 4, amending the original Form 4 filed in November 2021,
to correct the amount of securities beneficially owned after a sale of common stock pursuant to a 10b5-1 Sales Plan ;
(xvi) for Brian W. Bernier, a late Form 4 filing related to monthly grants of common stock ;
(xvii) for Areli Nogueira da Silva Junior , a late Form 4 filing related to monthly
grants of common stock held by Geoespinhaco Consultoria Geologica Ltda ; (xviii) for Volodymyr
Myadzel , a late Form 4 filing related to a monthly grant of common stock ;
(xix) for Joel de Paiva Monteiro , a late Form 4 filing related to a monthly grant
of common stock held by Joel Monteiro Sociedade Individual de Advocacia ; (xx) for Brian W. Bernier,
a late Form 4 filing related to a monthly grant of common stock ; and (xxi) for Areli
Nogueira da Silva Junior , a late Form 4 filing related to a monthly grant of common stock
held by Geoespinhaco Consultoria Geologica Ltda . 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table prepared in accordance with Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 13d-3 thereunder,
sets forth certain information regarding our common stock and securities convertible into our common stock within 60 days of the date
of this Annual Report, by: (i) each person who is known by us to own beneficially more than 5 of its outstanding Common Stock; (ii)
each named executive officer and director; and (iii) all officers and directors as a group. As the date of this Annual Report, there were 6,738,062
outstanding shares of our common stock. 

62 

 Table of Contents 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial 
 Common
 Stock (2) 
 Series
 A Preferred Stock (3) 
 Series
 D Preferred Stock (4) 
 Combined
 Voting Power 
 
 Owner
 (1) 
 Number 
 
 Number 
 
 Number 
 
 Number(5) 
 (6) 
 
 Directors and Named Executive Officers: 
 
 Marc Fogassa(7) 
 475,325 
 6.9 
 1 
 100 
 281,506 
 100.0 
 4,228,739 
 63.7 
 
 Ambassador
 Roger Noriega(8) 
 147,202 
 2.2 
 - 
 - 
 13,500 
 5.9 
 327,202 
 2.3 
 
 Cassiopeia
 Olson, Esq.(9) 
 11,417 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 11,417 

Stephen
 R. Petersen, CFA(10) 
 27,862 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 27,862 

Gustavo
 Pereira de Aguiar(11) 
 21,255 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 21,255 

Brian
 W. Bernier(12) 
 44,652 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 44,652 

All
 executive officers and directors (9 persons)(13) 
 759,733 
 10.9 
 1 
 100 
 295,006 
 100.00 
 4,693,147 
 65.4 
 
 Over
 5 Stockholders: 

Marc Fogassa(7) 
 475,325 
 6.9 
 1 
 100 
 281,506 
 100.0 
 4,228,739 
 63.7 

(1) 
 The mailing address of each of the officers and directors as set forth above is c/o Atlas Lithium Corporation, 433 North Camden Drive, Suite 810, Beverly Hills, CA 90212. 

(2) 
 Each share of common stock is entitled to one vote. 

(3) 
 The Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Series A Preferred provides that for so long as Series A Preferred is issued and outstanding, the holders of Series A Preferred shall vote together as a single class with the holders of common stock, with the holders of Series A Preferred being entitled to 51 of the total votes on all such matters regardless of the actual number of shares of Series A Preferred then outstanding, and the holders of common stock are entitled to their proportional share of the remaining 49 of the total votes based on their respective voting power. The one share of Series A Preferred is convertible into one share of common stock and may be converted at any time at the election of the holder. 

(4) 
 The Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock Series D Preferred provides that for so long as Series D Preferred is issued and outstanding, the holders of Series D Preferred shall have no voting power in matters unrelated to the Series D Preferred until such time as the Series D Preferred is converted into shares of common stock. Each share of Series D Preferred is convertible into 13 and 1/3 shares of common stock and may be converted at any time at the election of the holder. 

(5) 
 Represents shares and rights on an as-converted to common stock basis. 

(6) 
 Represents percentage of voting power of our common stock, Series A Preferred, and Series D Preferred (on an as converted basis) voting together as a single class. As of the date of this Annual Report, 6,738,062 shares of our common stock were issued and outstanding, one share of our Series A Preferred was issued and outstanding, and 214,006 shares of our Series D Preferred were issued and outstanding. All outstanding shares of Series A Preferred and Series D Preferred are held by Marc Fogassa. 

(7) 
 Consists of 324,184 shares of our common stock owned by Marc Fogassa and his affiliates, 151,141 shares underlying vested options to purchase common stock, 1 share of Series A Preferred, 214,006 shares of Series D Preferred, and 67,500 shares underlying vested options to purchase Series D Preferred. 

(8) 
 Consists of 147,202 shares of common stock and 13,500 shares underlying vested options to purchase Series D Preferred. 

(9) 
 Consists of 750 shares of common stock and 10,667 shares underlying vested options to purchase common stock. 

(10) 
 Consists of 11,862 shares of common stock and 16,000 shares underlying vested options to purchase common stock. 

(11) 
 Consists of shares underlying vested options to purchase common stock. 

(12) 
 Consists of 43,577 shares of common stock and 1,075 shares underlying vested options to purchase common stock. 

(13) 
 Consists of 556,797 shares of common stock, 202,936 shares underlying vested options to purchase common stock, 1 share of Series A Preferred, 214,006 shares of Series D Preferred, and 81,000 shares underlying vested options to purchase Series D Preferred. 

63 

 Table of Contents 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

On
September 15, 2021, the Company issued 214,006 shares of Series D Stock to Marc Fogassa for the conversion of 566,743 in convertible
note principal and 75,276 of interest expense. 

As
further described in the notes to the financial statements included herein, the company holds a 45.11 equity interest in Apollo Resources and its subsidiary Minera o Apollo, Ltda.; and its 28.72 equity interest
in Jupiter Gold, which includes the accounts of Jupiter Gold s wholly-owned subsidiary,
Minera o Jupiter Ltda. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, Apollo Resources granted options to purchase an aggregate of 225,000 shares of its common stock to
Marc Fogassa at a price of 0.01 per share. The options were valued at 331,858 and recorded to stock-based compensation. The options
were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following average assumptions: the Company s stock price on the
date of the grant 4.00 to 5.00), expected dividend yield of 0 , historical volatility calculated between 49.2 and 58.01 , risk-free
interest rate between a range of 1.51 to 3.5 , and an expected term of 10 years. As of December 31, 2022, an aggregate 225,000 Apollo
Resources common stock options were outstanding with a weighted average life of 9.33 years at an average exercise price of 0.01 and
an aggregated intrinsic value of 1,125,000. Mr. Fogassa s employment agreement with Apollo Resources stipulates an annual compensation
of 275,000 for his services as the chief executive officer, and such amount may be paid in stock of Apollo Resources or in cash or as
combination of stock and cash at the choice of Mr. Fogassa. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, Jupiter Gold granted options to purchase an aggregate of 525,000 shares of its common stock to Marc
Fogassa at prices ranging between 0.01 to 1.00 per share. The options were valued at 103,707 and recorded to stock-based compensation.
The options were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following average assumptions: the Company s stock
price on the date of the grant 0.58 to 1.25), expected dividend yield of 0 , historical volatility calculated between 97.3 and 225.8 ,
risk-free interest rate between a range of 1.51 to 3.5 , and an expected term between 5 and 10 years. As of December 31, 2022, an aggregate
1,905,000 Jupiter Gold common stock options were outstanding with a weighted average life of 4.74 years at an average exercise price
of 0.57 and an aggregated intrinsic value of 1,077,050. Mr. Fogassa s employment agreement with Jupiter Gold stipulates an annual
compensation of 275,000 for his services as the chief executive officer, and such amount may be paid in stock of Jupiter Gold or in
cash or as combination of stock and cash at the choice of Mr. Fogassa. 

In addition, in 2021 and 2022, Jupiter Gold paid 27,477 and 7,354,
respectively, for the medical, dental and vision insurance coverage for Mr. Fogassa and his dependents. 

Director
Independence 

Our Board of Directors has determined that Ambassador
Roger Noriega, Cassiopeia Olson, Esq, and Stephen Petersen, CFA, are independent as such term is defined with respect to
directors by the Nasdaq Stock Market Rules. Please refer to our disclosures in Overview of Corporate Governance and Committees
of our Board of Directors for a more detailed discussion on these topics. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

The
following table presents fees for professional audit services and other services rendered to us by BF Borgers CPA PC Borgers for our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Fee
 Type 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit
 Fees (1) 
 44,820 
 44,820 
 
 Audit-Related
 Fees (2) 

Tax
 Fees (3) 

All
 Other Fees (4) 

Total 
 44,820 
 44,820 

(1)
 Audit Fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered in connection with the audit of our annual financial
statements, review of our quarterly financial statements, and services that are normally provided by Borgers in connection with statutory
and regulatory filings or engagements. 

(2) Audit-Related
Fees consist of fees billed for professional services for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance
of the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. 

(3)
 Tax Fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered by Borgers for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

(4)
 All Other Fees consist of fees billed for products and services other than the services reported in Audit Fees, Audit-Related
Fees, and Tax Fees. 

Audit-Related
Fees 

During
2021 or 2022, there were no fees paid to Borgers in connection with our compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

No
other fees were billed by Borgers for the last two years that were reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our
financial statements and not reported under Audit Fees above. 

Tax
Fees 

There
were no fees billed by Borgers during the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice, or
tax planning. Accordingly, none of such services were approved pursuant to pre-approval procedures or permitted waivers thereof. 

64 

 Table of Contents 

All
Other Fees 

There
were no other non-audit-related fees billed to us by Borgers in 2021 or 2022. 

Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures 

Engagement
of accounting services by us is not made pursuant to any pre-approval policies and procedures. Rather, we believe that our accounting
firm is independent because all of its engagements by us are approved by the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors prior to any such
engagement. 

Our
Audit Committee will meet periodically to review and approve the scope of the services to be provided to us by its independent registered
public accounting firm, as well as to review and discuss any issues that may arise during an engagement. The Audit Committee is responsible
for the prior approval of every engagement of our independent registered public accounting firm to perform audit and permissible non-audit
services for us, such as quarterly financial reviews, tax matters, and consultation on new accounting and disclosure standards. 

Before
the auditors are engaged to provide those services, our Chief Financial Officer will make a recommendation to the Audit Committee regarding
each of the services to be performed, including the fees to be charged for such services. At the request of the Audit Committee, the
independent registered public accounting firm and/or management shall periodically report to the Audit Committee regarding the extent
of services being provided by the independent registered public accounting firm, and the fees for the services performed to date. 

All services performed
by and fees paid to Borgers for our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were pre-approved by our audit committee. 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 Documents
 filed as part of this report. 

(i) 
 Financial
 Statements - see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

(ii) 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules None 

(Financial
 statement schedules have been omitted either because they are not applicable, not required, or the information required to be set
 forth therein is included in the financial statements or notes thereto.) 

(iii) 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

(iv) 
 Notes
 to Financial Statements. 

(b) 
 Exhibits 

The
 exhibits listed on the accompanying Exhibit Index are filed as part of this Annual Report. 

65 

 Table of Contents 

ATLAS
LITHIUM CORPORATION. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

 Table of Contents 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the shareholders and the board of directors of Atlas Lithium Corporation. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Atlas Lithium Corporation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related
statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the
years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. 

We
determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/S/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2015 

March
30, 2023 

F- 2 

 Table of Contents 

ATLAS
LITHIUM CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

December
 31, 
 December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current
 assets: 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Accounts
 receivable 

Taxes
 recoverable 

Deposits
 and advances 

Total
 current assets 

Property
 and equipment, net 

Intangible
 assets, net 

Equity
 investments 

Total
 assets 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current
 liabilities: 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Related
 party notes and other payables 

Total
 current liabilities 

Other
 noncurrent liabilities 

Total
 liabilities 

Stockholders 
 deficit: 

Series
 A preferred stock, par value. shares authorized; share issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December
 31, 2021, respectively 

Series
 D preferred stock, par value. shares authorized; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December
 31, 2021, respectively 

Preferred stock value 

Common
 stock, 
 par value. 
 and authorized; 
 and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
 respectively 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 Atlas Lithium stockholders equity (deficit) 

Non-controlling
 interest 

Total
 stockholders equity 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

 Table of Contents 

ATLAS
LITHIUM CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Years
 ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Cost
 of revenue 

Gross
 loss 

Operating
 expenses 

Professional
 fees 

General
 and administrative 

Compensation
 and related costs 

Stock
 based compensation 

Other
 operating expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 operating expenses 

Loss
 from operations 

Other
 expense (income) 

Interest
 on promissory notes 
 - 

Amortization
 of debt discounts and other fees 
 - 

Extinguishment
 of debt 
 - 

Other
 expense (income) 

Total
 other expense 

Loss
 before provision for income taxes 

Provision
 for income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 loss 

Loss
 attributable to non-controlling interest 

Net
 loss attributable to Atlas Lithium stockholders 

Basic
 and diluted loss per share 

Net
 loss per share attributable to Atlas Lithium common stockholders 

Weighted-average
 number of common shares outstanding: 

Basic
 and diluted 

Comprehensive
 loss: 

Net
 loss 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 

Comprehensive
 loss 

Comprehensive
 loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Comprehensive
 loss attributable to Atlas Lithium stockholders 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

 Table of Contents 

ATLAS
LITHIUM CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Capital 
 Loss 
 Deficit 
 Interests 
 (Deficit) 

Series
 A Preferred Stock 
 Series
 D Preferred Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Other Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Non 
 controlling 
 Total 
 Stockholders Equity 

Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Capital 
 Loss 
 Deficit 
 Interests 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance,
 December 31, 2020 

- 
 - 

Conversion
 of related party convertible notes and other indebtedness into Series D preferred stock 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock in connection with sales made under private offerings 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock in connection with the exercise of common stock options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock in exchange for consulting, professional and other services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock warrants in connection with the issuance of convertible debenture(s) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Conversion
 of convertible debenture(s) and other indebtedness into common stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Stock
 based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Change
 in foreign currency translation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Sale
 of Jupiter Gold common stock in connection with equity offerings 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Sale
 of Apollo Resources common stock in connection with equity offerings 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Change
 in noncontrolling interest(s) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance,
 December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Issuance
 of common stock in connection with sales made under private offerings 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock in connection with purchase of mining rights 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Exercise of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock
 based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Change
 in foreign currency translation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Sale
 of Jupiter Gold common stock in connection with equity offerings 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Sale
 of Apollo Resources common stock in connection with equity offerings 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

 Table of Contents 

ATLAS
LITHIUM CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Years
 ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 

Cash
 flows from operating activities of continuing operations: 

Net
 loss 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to cash used in operating activities: 

Stock
 based compensation and services 

Amortization
 of debt discounts 
 - 

Common
 stock issued in satisfaction of other financing costs 
 - 

Convertible
 debt issued in satisfaction of other financing costs 
 - 

Preferred
 stock issued in satisfaction of interest and other financing costs 
 - 

Loss
 on extinguishment of debt 
 - 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Intangible assets purchases payables 
 
 - 
 
 General
 provisions 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts
 receivable 

Taxes
 recoverable 
 
 - 
 
 Deposits
 and advances 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Other
 noncurrent liabilities 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

Cash
 flows from investing activities: 

Acquisition
 of capital assets 

Increase
 in intangible assets 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

Cash
 flows from financing activities: 

Loan
 from officer 
 - 

Net
 proceeds from sale of common stock 

Proceeds
 from sale of subsidiary common stock to noncontrolling interests 

Proceeds
 from convertible notes payable 
 - 

Repayment
 of loans payable 
 - 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Effect
 of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 

Net
 increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash
 and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash
 and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental
 disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Related
 party convertible note payable exchanged for stock 
 - 

Shares
 issued in connection with conversion of debt and accrued interest 
 - 

Common
 stock warrants issued in connection with convertible promissory notes 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

 Table of Contents 

ATLAS
LITHIUM CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

owned subsidiary, BMIX Participa es
Ltda. BMIXP ), which includes the accounts of BMIXP s wholly-owned subsidiary, Minera o Duas Barras
Ltda. MDB ), and BMIXP s owned subsidiary, RST Recursos Minerais Ltda. RST its owned
subsidiary, Hercules Resources Corporation HRC ), which includes the accounts of HRC s wholly-owned subsidiary, Hercules
Brasil Comercio e Transportes Ltda. Hercules Brasil its equity interest in Apollo Resources Corporation Apollo
Resources and its subsidiary Minera o Apollo, Ltda.; and its equity interest in Jupiter Gold Corporation Jupiter Gold ), which includes the accounts of Jupiter Gold s wholly-owned subsidiary, Minera o Jupiter
Ltda. The Company has concluded that Apollo Resources, Jupiter Gold and their subsidiaries are variable interest entities VIE in accordance with applicable accounting standards and guidance. As such, the accounts and results of Apollo Resources, Jupiter Gold
and their subsidiaries have been included in the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

All
material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

and funds held in Brazilian banks are insured up to R Brazilian Reais (translating
into approximately as of December 31, 2022). 

Recovery
of bad debt amounts previously written off is recorded as a reduction of bad debt expense in the period the payment is collected. If
the Company s actual collection experience changes, revisions to its allowance may be required. After all attempts to collect a
receivable have failed, the receivable is written off against the allowance. 

The
Company accounts for convertible instruments (when it has been determined that the embedded conversion options should not be bifurcated
from their host instruments) by recording, when necessary, discounts to convertible notes for the intrinsic value of conversion options
embedded in debt instruments based upon the differences between the fair value of the underlying common stock at the commitment date
of the note transaction and the effective conversion price embedded in the note. Debt discounts under these arrangements are amortized
over the term of the related debt to their stated date of redemption. 

In
order to identify the performance obligations in a contract with a customer, a company must assess the promised goods or services in
the contract and identify each promised good or service that is distinct. A performance obligation meets ASC 606 s definition of
a distinct good or service (or bundle of goods or services) if both of the following criteria are met: 

The
 customer can benefit from the good or service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available to the
 customer 

The
 entity s promise to transfer the good or service to the customer is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract
 (i.e., If a good or service is not distinct, the good or service is combined with other promised goods or services until a bundle
 of goods or services is identified that is distinct. 

The
transaction price is the amount of consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods
or services to a customer. The consideration promised in a contract with a customer may include fixed amounts, variable amounts, or both.
When determining the transaction price, an entity must consider the effects of all of the following: 

Variable
 consideration 

Constraining
 estimates of variable consideration 

The
 existence of a significant financing component in the contract 

Non-cash
 consideration 

Consideration
 payable to a customer 

Variable
consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of
cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. 

The
transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price basis. 

The
transaction price allocated to each performance obligation is recognized when that performance obligation is satisfied, at a point in
time or over time as appropriate. 

Under
ASC 740, a tax position is recognized as a benefit only if it is more likely than not that the tax position would be sustained
in a tax examination being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is likely
of being realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the more likely than not test, no tax benefit is recorded.
The Company has identified the United States Federal tax returns as its major tax jurisdiction. 

On
December 22, 2017, the United States enacted the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act TCJA ), which instituted fundamental changes to
the taxation of multinational corporations, including a reduction the U.S. corporate income tax rate to beginning in 2018. 

The
TCJA also requires a one-time transition tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of the cumulative earnings of certain of the Company s
foreign subsidiaries as of December 31, 2017. To determine the amount of this transition tax, the Company must determine the amount of
earnings generated since inception by the relevant foreign subsidiaries, as well as the amount of non-U.S. income taxes paid on such
earnings, in addition to potentially other factors. The Company believes that no such tax will be due since its Brazilian subsidiaries
have, when required, paid taxes locally and that they have incurred a cumulative operating deficit since inception. 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06, Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and
Hedging - Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s
Own Equity . ASU 2020-06 will simplify the accounting for convertible instruments by reducing the number of accounting models for
convertible debt instruments and convertible preferred stock. Limiting the accounting models will result in fewer embedded conversion
features being separately recognized from the host contract as compared with current GAAP. Convertible instruments that continue to be
subject to separation models are (1) those with embedded conversion features that are not clearly and closely related to the host contract,
that meet the definition of a derivative, and that do not qualify for a scope exception from derivative accounting and (2) convertible
debt instruments issued with substantial premiums for which the premiums are recorded as paid-in capital. ASU 2020-06 also amends the
guidance for the derivatives scope exception for contracts in an entity s own equity to reduce form-over-substance-based accounting
conclusions. ASU 2020-06 will be effective January 1, 2024, for the Company. Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier than January
1, 2021, including interim periods within that year. The Company is evaluating the effect of the adoption of ASU 2020-06 on the consolidated
financial statements, but currently does not believe ASU 2020-06 will have a significant impact on the Company s accounting for
its convertible debt instruments. The effect will largely depend on the composition and terms of the financial instruments at the time
of adoption. 

In
February 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-02, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326) and Leases (Topic 842) - Amendments to
SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 119 and Update to SEC Section on Effective Date Related to Accounting Standards
Update No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), which amends the effective date of the original pronouncement for smaller reporting companies.
ASU 2016-13 and its amendments will be effective for the Company for interim and annual periods in fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2022. The Company believes the adoption will modify the way the Company analyzes financial instruments, but it does not anticipate
a material impact on results of operations. The Company is in the process of determining the effects adoption will have on its consolidated
financial statements. 

- 

Machinery and equipment 

Vehicles 

- 
 
 Land 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total fixed assets 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company recorded depreciation expense of and , respectively recorded
in general and administrative expense. 

Intangible
Assets 

Intangible
assets consist of mining rights are not amortized as the mining rights are perpetual. The carrying value was and 
at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There was impairment recorded as at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Equity
Investments without Readily Determinable Fair Values 

On
October 2, 2017, the Company entered into an exchange agreement whereby it issued shares of its common stock in exchange for
 shares of Ares Resources Corporation. The Company s chief executive officer also serves as an officer of Ares Resources
Corporation, thus making it a related party under common ownership and control. The shares were recorded at , or per share.
The shares were valued based upon the lowest market price of the Company s common stock on the date the agreement. 

On
March 11, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock to Lancaster Brazil Fund pursuant to an addendum to the share exchange
agreement dated September 28, 2018. The Company recorded a loss on exchange of equity with a related party of representing the
fair value of the additional shares of common stock issued. 

Under
ASC 321-10, the Company elected to use a measurement alternative for its equity investment that does not have a readily determinable
fair value. As such, the Company measured its investment at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus any changes resulting from observable
price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment of the same issuer. The Company owns less than of the
total shares outstanding of Ares Resources Corporation. 

As
of December 31, 2022, no change in the value of the Ares common stock was recorded as the recorded value still approximated fair value. 

Accounts
Payable and Accrued Liabilities 

Mineral rights payable 

Accrued interest 
 - 

Total 

Issuance of convertible notes payable 
 - 

Lender adjustments for penalties or defaults 
 - 

Debt discounts recorded related to issuance of convertible notes payable 
 - 

Amortization of debt discounts associated with convertible debt 
 - 

Increase in principal amounts outstanding due to lender adjustments per terms of the note agreements 
 - 
 - 
 
 Conversion of convertible note principal into common stock 
 - 

Repayments of convertible notes payable 
 - 

Total convertible notes, net 
 - 
 - 

Convertible
Notes Payable - Fixed Conversion Price 

On
January 7, 2014, the Company issued to a family trust a senior secured convertible promissory note in the principal amount, and received
gross proceeds, of and warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise
price of per share through December 26, 2018. The Company received gross proceeds of for the sale of such securities.
The outstanding principal of the note bears interest at the rate of per annum. The note is convertible at the option of the holder
into common stock of the Company at a conversion rate of one share for each of principal and interest converted. As of December
31, 2021, all warrants issued in connection with this note had expired. 

The
outstanding principal on the note was payable on March 31, 2015, which as of the date of these financial statements is past due and in
technical default. The Company is in negotiations with the note holder to satisfy, amend the terms or otherwise resolve the obligation
in default. No demand for payment has been made. . As a result, the Company recorded gain of from the relief
of interest expense to other income. 

On
February 3, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock upon conversion of in convertible notes payable and accrued
interest. On May 6, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock upon conversion of in convertible notes payable
and accrued interest. As of December 31, 2021, the balance of the note was . 

On
June 18, 2021, Company issued to one noteholder a convertible promissory note for in proceeds. The note bears interest
at per annum and matures . After six months from issuance, the note is convertible at the
option of the holder at a price of . A debt discount of for issuance costs was recorded and is being amortized over the
life of the note. 

ASC
470-20 requires proceeds from the sale of a debt instrument with stock purchase warrants be allocated to the two elements based on the
relative fair values of the debt instrument without the warrants and of the warrants themselves at the time of issuance. In connection
with the warrant issuance, the Company allocated an aggregate fair value of to the stock warrants and recorded a debt discount
which will be amortized to interest expense over the term of the loan using the effective interest method so the debt, at its term, is
recorded at its face value. The Company estimated the fair value of this the warrant warrants at date of grant using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model using the following inputs: (i) stock price on the date of grant of , (ii) the contractual term of the warrant
of years, (iii) a risk-free interest rate of and (iv) an expected volatility of the price of the underlying common stock of .
During the year ended December 31, 2021, Company issued shares of common stock upon conversion of in principal and
 in accrued interest. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance of the note was , and all discounts were fully amortized. 

Convertible
Notes Payable - Variable Conversion Price 

At
various times to fund operations, the Company issues convertible notes payable in which the conversion features are variable. In addition,
some of these convertible notes payable have on issuance discounts and other fees withheld. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company issued to one noteholder, in various transactions, in convertible promissory notes
with fixed floors and received an aggregate of in proceeds. The convertible promissory notes each bear interest at per
annum and mature . . In addition, each note s conversion rate has a floor of . Total debt discounts related to the beneficial
conversion features of were recorded and are being amortized over the life of the notes. On April 9, 2021, the Company agreed
to settle all outstanding principal and interest on these notes in exchange for common stock and common stock purchase warrants. See
settlement disclosure below for more information. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding principal balance on these notes total ,
and all discounts were fully amortized. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company issued to one noteholder in various transactions in convertible promissory notes
with fixed floors and received an aggregate of in proceeds. The convertible promissory notes each bear interest at per
annum and mature . . In addition, each note s conversion rate has a floor of . Total debt discounts related to the beneficial
conversion features of were recorded and are being amortized over the life of the notes. During the six months ended June 30,
2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock upon the conversion of and , respectively, in note principal
and accrued interest. On April 9, 2021, the Company agreed to settle all outstanding principal and interest on these notes in exchange
for common stock and common stock purchase warrants. See settlement disclosure below for more information. As of December 31, 2021, the
outstanding principal balance on these notes total , and all discounts were fully amortized. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company issued to one noteholder in various transactions in convertible promissory notes
with fixed floors and received an aggregate of in proceeds. The convertible promissory notes each bear interest at per
annum and mature . . In addition, each note s conversion rate has a floor of . Total debt discounts related to the beneficial
conversion features of were recorded and are being amortized over the life of the notes. During the six months ended June 30,
2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock upon the conversion of and , respectively, in note principal
and accrued interest. On April 9, 2021, the Company agreed to settle all outstanding principal and interest on these notes in exchange
for common stock and common stock purchase warrants. See settlement disclosure below for more information. As of December 31, 2021, the
outstanding principal balance on these notes total , and all discounts were fully amortized. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company issued to one noteholder in various transactions in convertible promissory notes
with fixed floors and received an aggregate of in proceeds. The convertible promissory notes each bear interest at per
annum and mature . .
In addition, each note s conversion rate has a floor of . Total debt discounts related to the beneficial conversion features
of and for issuance costs were recorded and are being amortized over the life of the notes. During the six months ended
June 30, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock upon the conversion of and , respectively, in
note principal and accrued interest. As of December 31, 2021, the principal balance on these notes was , and all discounts were fully
amortized. 

On
April 9, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock upon the conversion of and , respectively, in
note principal and accrued interest to settle all outstanding balances with the lender. In connection with the settlement, the Company
agreed to issue common stock purchase warrants with a cashless exercise price of . The warrants expire on . The Company allocated an aggregate fair value of to the stock warrants and recorded a loss on the extinguishment of
debt. The Company estimated the fair value of this the warrant warrants at date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model
using the following inputs: (i) stock price on the date of grant of , (ii) the contractual term of the warrant of years, (iii)
a risk-free interest rate of and (iv) an expected volatility of the price of the underlying common stock of . As of December
31, 2021 the warrants expired. 

On
January 19, 2021, the Company issued to one noteholder a convertible promissory note. The note bears interest at per annum
and matures on . . The note s conversion rate has a floor
of . 

On
May 7, 2021, the Company repaid in note principal and in accrued interest to the holder. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, the principal balance on the note was . 

and , respectively. 

common shares authorized with a par value of per share. 

Series
A Preferred Stock 

On
December 18, 2012, the Company filed with the Nevada Secretary of State a Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock Series A Stock to designate one share of a new series of preferred stock. The Certificate
of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock provides that for so long as Series A Stock is issued
and outstanding, the holders of Series A Stock shall vote together as a single class with the holders of the Company s Common Stock,
with the holders of . 

Series
D Preferred Stock 

On
September 14, 2021, the Company filed with the Nevada Secretary of State a Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series
D Convertible Preferred Stock Series D Stock to designate shares of a new series of preferred stock. The Certificate
of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock provides that for so long as Series D Stock is issued
and outstanding, the holders of Series D Stock shall have no voting power until such time as the Series D Stock is converted into shares
of common stock. One share of Series D Stock is convertible into shares of common stock and may be converted at any time at the
election of the holder. Holders of the Series D Stock are not entitled to any liquidation preference over the holders of common stock,
and are entitled to any dividends or distributions declared by the Company on a pro rata basis. 

On
September 15, 2021, the Company issued shares of Series D Stock to Marc Fogassa for the conversion of in convertible
note principal and of interest expense. 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 Transactions 

On
December 20, 2022, . 

Following
the Reverse Stock Split, each shares of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock were automatically converted into one issued
and outstanding share of common stock, without any change in par value per share. No fractional shares were issued as a result of the
Reverse Stock Split and no cash or other consideration was paid. Instead, we issued one whole share of the post-split common stock to
any stockholder who otherwise would have received a fractional share as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. The Reverse Stock Split
did not affect the number of shares of authorized stock. Our common stock began trading on a Reverse Stock Split-adjusted basis on December
23, 2022 and was assigned a new temporary ticker symbol ATLXD for the 20 business days following the reverse stock split
and on the 21 st day, it will change back to ATLX. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock for gross proceeds of pursuant to subscription
agreements with accredited investors. Additionally, the Company issued shares of common stock valued at for mining
rights purchases. 

Year
Ended December 31, 2021 Transactions 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock for gross proceeds of pursuant to subscription
agreements with accredited investors. Additionally, the Company issued shares of common stock upon conversion of 
in convertible notes payable and accrued interest. Further, the Company issued shares of common stock for net proceeds of upon
the exercise of stock options and warrants. Lastly, the Company issued shares of common stock valued at 
to contractors for services provided. 

Common
Stock Options 

Risk-free interest rate 

Stock price on date of grant 
 - 
 - 
 
 Dividend yield 

Expected term 
 - years 
 years 

Issued 

Exercised 

Expired 

Forfeited 

Outstanding and vested, December 31, 2022 

The common stock options issued in the year ended
December 31, 2022 were issued with a grant date fair value of . 

The
following table reflects all outstanding and exercisable Series D preferred stock options as at December 31, 2022. All preferred
stock options immediately vest and are exercisable for a period of ten years from the date of issuance. 

Number
 of Options Outstanding and Vested 

Weighted
 Average Exercise Price 1 

Remaining
 Contractual Life (Years) 

Aggregated
 Intrinsic Value 

Outstanding,
 January 1, 2021 

Issued 

- 

Outstanding
 and vested, December 31, 2022 

1 shares of common stock, as one
share of Series D Stock is convertible into shares of common stock at any time at the election of the holder. 

The Series D preferred stock options issued in the
year ended December 31, 2022 were issued with a grant date fair value of . 

During the year ended December
31, 2021, the Company granted common stock options and Series D preferred stock options to purchase an aggregate of shares of
common stock to officers and non-management directors. The options were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following
average assumptions: our stock price on the date of the grant which ranged between and , expected dividend yield of ,
expected volatility between and estimated based on historical share price volatility, risk-free interest rate between 
and , and an expected term of years. The options were valued with a total grant date fair value of . 

See
Note 7 Related Party Transactions for more information related to stock options issued and outstanding for the Company s
subsidiaries Jupiter Gold and Apollo Resources. 

Stock
Purchase Warrants 

Stock
purchase warrants are accounted for as equity in accordance with ASC 480, Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed
to, and Potentially Settled in, a Company s Own Stock, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity . 

Warrants issued 

Warrants exercised 

Outstanding and vested, December 31, 2022 

The stock purchase warrants issued in the year ended
December 31, 2022 were issued with a grant date fair value of . The warrants were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing
model with the following ranges of assumptions: our stock price on the date of the grant which ranged between and , expected
dividend yield of , expected volatility between and estimated based on historical share price volatility, risk-free
interest rate between and , and an expected term of to years. 

on a month-to-month basis. The Company also rents office space in Brazil.
Such costs are immaterial to the consolidated financial statements. 

shares of its common stock to Marc Fogassa at
prices ranging between 
 to 
 per share. The options were valued at 
 and recorded to stock-based compensation. The
options were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following average assumptions: the Company s stock price
on the date of the grant 
 to ),
expected dividend yield of ,
historical volatility calculated between 
and ,
risk-free interest rate between a range of 
to ,
and an expected term between 
 and 
 years. As of December 31, 2022, an aggregate
 
 Jupiter Gold common stock options were outstanding
with a weighted average life of 
 years at an average exercise price of 
 and an aggregated intrinsic value of .
Mr. Fogassa s employment agreement with Jupiter Gold stipulates an annual compensation of for his services as the chief
executive officer, and such amount may be paid in stock of Jupiter Gold or in cash or as combination of stock and cash at the choice
of Mr. Fogassa. 

Apollo
Resource Corporation 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, Apollo Resources granted options to purchase an aggregate of 
 shares of its common stock to Marc Fogassa at
a price of 
 per share. The options were valued at 
 and recorded to stock-based compensation. The
options were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following average assumptions: the Company s stock price
on the date of the grant 
 to ),
expected dividend yield of ,
historical volatility calculated between 
and ,
risk-free interest rate between a range of 
to ,
and an expected term of 
 years. As of December 31, 2022, an aggregate
 
 Apollo Resources common stock options were outstanding
with a weighted average life of 
 years at an average exercise price of 
 and an aggregated intrinsic value of .
 Mr. Fogassa s employment agreement with Apollo Resources stipulates an annual compensation of for his services as the
chief executive officer, and such amount may be paid in stock of Apollo Resources or in cash or as combination of stock and cash at the
choice of Mr. Fogassa. 

(the Effective Date ), Atlas Lithium Corporation, entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting
Agreement with EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC, as representative of the underwriters named therein (the Representative ),
pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock, par value Common
Stock ), to the Representative, at a public offering price of per share (the Offering Price in a firm commitment
public offering (the Offering ). The Company also granted the Representative a 45-day option to purchase up to additional
shares of the Company s Common Stock upon the same terms and conditions for the purpose of covering any over-allotments in connection
with the Offering (the Over-Allotment Option ). On January 11, 2023, the Representative delivered its notice to exercise
the Over-Allotment Option in full. 

The
shares of common stock were offered by the Company pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-262399)
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission and declared effective by the Commission on January
9, 2023 (the Registration Statement ). The consummation of the Offering took place on January 12, 2023 (the Closing ). 

In
connection with the Closing, shares of Common Stock, equal to 5 of the number
of shares of Common Stock sold in the Offering (excluding the Over-Allotment option), at an exercise price of , equal to 125 of
the Offering Price (the Representative s Warrants . The Representative s Warrants are exercisable for a period
of five years from the effective date of the Registration Statement, provided that they are subject to a mandatory lock-up for 180 days
from the commencement of sales of the Offering in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(e). 

Aggregate
gross proceeds from the Offering were before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of 7 of the gross proceeds,
and estimated Offering expenses. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering to expand and accelerate its exploration
program leading to the identification and quantitative measurement of prospective lithium deposits, as well as for exploration for other
mineral deposits in its other properties, including drilling and assessment of deposits and reserves, if any, as well as for working
capital and general corporate purposes. The Company may also use some amount of the proceeds for the acquisition of additional mineral
rights and/or mines, and mining assets such as earth moving equipment, processing and recovery units, among others. The total expenses
of the Offering are estimated to be , which included the underwriting discounts and commissions, the Representative s
reimbursable expenses relating to the Offering, and the Company s legal expenses. 

b)
On January 19, 2023, the Company consummated a transaction in which it acquired five lithium mineral rights (the Mineral Rights totaling hectares (~ acres) owned by an unrelated Brazilian mining enterprise pursuant to a Mineral Rights Purchase Agreement
(the Acquisition Agreement ). The Mineral Rights are located in the municipalities of Ara ua and Itinga,
in a region known as Lithium Valley in the state of Minas Gerais in Brazil. The Company s technical team studied
the Mineral Rights and believes that they hold potential for lithium-bearing mineralization. The Company has reasons to believe that
the acquisition of the Mineral Rights was part of a competitive process. 

The
Company s obligations under the Acquisition Agreement are: 

1) 
 Payment
 of , which payment took place on January 19, 2023, and issuance of worth of restricted shares of common stock of
 the Company; 

2) 
 Payment
 of for each of the five areas comprising the Mineral Rights to be made upon the publication in the official gazette of the
 government of the title transfer of each such area to the Company; 

3) 
 For
 each of the five areas comprising the Mineral Rights, 30 days after the payment described in item b above, the initiation of ten
 monthly payments of ; 

4) 

5) 
 ;
 and 

6) 
 . 

c)
On January 30, 2023, the company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with two
investors (the Investors ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell to the Investors in a Regulation
S private placement (the Private Placement an aggregate of restricted shares of the Company s common
stock (the Shares ), par value per share. The purchase price for the Shares was per share, for total
gross proceeds of . The Private Placement transaction closed on February 1, 2023. The Company currently intends to use the
net proceeds from the Private Placement for general working capital purposes. The Investors have each made customary representations,
warranties and covenants, including, among other things, that each of the Investors is a non-U.S. Person as defined in
Regulation S, and that they were not solicited by means of generation solicitation. 

F- 26 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of the Company filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on December 15, 2011. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed by the Company on April 6, 2012. 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on December 18, 2012. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 26, 2012. 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on December 18, 2012. Incorporated by reference to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 26, 2012. 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on December 24, 2012. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 28, 2013. 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on August 27, 2019. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.11 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 14, 2020. 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on July 16, 2020. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.11 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 31, 2021. 
 
 3.7 
 
 Amended and Restated By-laws of the Company. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form
 8-K filed with the Commission on April 12, 2021. 
 
 3.8 
 
 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on September 16, 2021. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.8 to the Form S-1 filled with the Commission on January 28, 2022. 
 
 3.9 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on December 20, 2022. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 10-K filed with the Commission on December 22, 2022. 
 
 3.10 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on March 21, 2022. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.9 to the Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 29, 2022. 
 
 4.1 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Agreement between the Company and Triton Funds LLC dated February 26, 2021. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1 to the Form 8-K filed with Commission on March 3, 2021. 
 
 4.2 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant between the Company and Triton Funds LLC dated February 26, 2021. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2 to the Form 8-K filed with Commission on March 3, 2021. 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Warrant between the Company and Warberg Funds. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Form S-1 filled with the Commission on January 28, 2022. 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of Warrant between the Company and investors other than Warberg Funds. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Form S-1 filled with the Commission on January 28, 2022. 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form of Representative s Warrant. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 8-K filed on January 13, 2023. 
 
 4.6 
 
 Description of Capital Stock. 
 
 10.1 
 
 2017 Stock Incentive Plan incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the Commission on December 8, 2017.# 
 
 10.2 
 
 Agreement between the Company and GW Holdings Group LLC dated November 15, 2021. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Form S-1 filled with the Commission on January 28, 2022. 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and funds managed by Warberg Asset Management LLC Warberg Funds ). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Form S-1 filled with the Commission on January 28, 2022. 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and investors other than Warberg Funds. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Form S-1 filled with the Commission on January 28, 2022. 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 3, 2023. 
 
 10.6 
 
 Consulting Services Agreement between the Company and Jason Baybutt. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 13, 2022. 
 
 10.7 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement Between Marc Fogassa and the Company. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form S-1 filled with the Commission on January 28, 2022.# 
 
 10.8 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Gustavo Pereira de Aguiar. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 13, 2022.# 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filled with the Commission on February 3, 2023. 
 
 10.10 
 
 Mineral Rights Agreement dated January 19, 2023 relating to the acquisition of f ive lithium mineral rights. 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 31, 2021. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 96.1 
 
 Technical Report Summary on the Rio Piracicaba Project from Apollo Resources Corporation. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 96.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on June 3, 2022. 
 
 96.2 
 
 Technical Report Summary on the Das Neves Lithium Project. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 96.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 8, 2022. 
 
 101 
 
 Interactive
 Data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed
 herewith 

Furnished herewith 
 
 # 
 
 Indicates management contract
 or compensatory plan 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

The
Company has elected not to provide a summary. 

66 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

P ursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Atlas
 Lithium Corporation 

Date:
March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Marc Fogassa 

Marc
 Fogassa 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Marc Fogassa 

March
 30, 2023 
 
 Marc
 Fogassa 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chairman of the Board 

/s/
 Gustavo Pereira de Aguiar 

March
 30, 2023 
 
 Gustavo
 Pereira de Aguiar 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Roger Noriega 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Ambassador
 Roger Noriega 

/s/
 Cassiopeia Olson 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Cassiopeia
 Olson, Esq. 

/s/
 Stephen Peterson 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Stephen
 Peterson, CFA 

67 

<EX-4.6>
 2
 ex4-6.htm

Exhibit
4.6 

DESCRIPTION
OF ATLAS LITHIUM CORPORATION S SECURITIES 
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Overview 

This
section describes the general terms of the Company s common stock. The Company s common stock and the rights of the holders
of its common stock are subject to the applicable provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes, which is referred to herein as Nevada
law, the Company s amended and restated articles of incorporation, as amended (referred to herein as the Articles
of Incorporation ), the Company s amended and restated bylaws, as amended (referred to herein as the Bylaws ),
and the rights of the holders of the Company s preferred stock. Because this is only a summary, it does not contain all of the
information that may be important to you. For a complete description of the matters set forth herein, you should refer to our Articles
of Incorporation, our Bylaws, each of which is included as an exhibit to the Annual Report, and to the applicable provisions of Nevada
law. 

Authorized
Capital 

Under
the Company s Articles of Incorporation, the Company has the authority to issue 4,000,000,000 shares of common stock, par value
 0.001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.001 par value per share. As of March 29, 2023, there were issued and outstanding:
6,738,062 shares of common stock, one share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, and 214,006 shares of Series D Convertible Preferred
Stock. 

Common
Stock 

Voting
Rights 

Each
outstanding share of the Company s common stock is entitled to one vote per share of record on all matters submitted to a vote
of stockholders and to vote together as a single class for the election of directors and in respect of other corporate matters. At a
meeting of stockholders at which a quorum is present, for all matters other than the election of directors, all corporate actions are
determined by a majority of the votes cast at a meeting of shareholders by the holders of shares entitled to vote thereon. Directors
are elected by a majority of the votes of the shares present at a meeting. Holders of shares of common stock do not have cumulative voting
rights with respect to the election of directors or any other matter. 

Dividends 

Holders
of the Company s common stock are entitled to receive dividends or other distributions when, as and if declared by the Company s
board of directors. The right of the Company s board of directors to declare dividends, however, is subject to any rights of the
holders of other classes of the Company s capital stock, any indebtedness outstanding from time to time and the availability of
sufficient funds, as determined under Nevada law, to pay dividends. 

Preemptive
Rights 

The
holders of the Company s common stock do not have preemptive rights to purchase or subscribe for any of the Company s capital
stock or other securities. 

Redemption 

Shares
of the Company s common stock are not subject to redemption by operation of a sinking fund or otherwise. 

Liquidation
Rights 

In
the event of any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company, subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of other classes
of the Company s capital stock including its preferred stock, the holders of shares of the Company s common stock are entitled
to receive any of the Company s assets available for distribution to its stockholders ratably in proportion to the number of shares
held by them. 

Listing 

The
Company s common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol ATLX. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent and registrar for the Company s common stock is VStock Transfer, LLC. 

Certain
Provisions of Nevada Law and the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 

The
following paragraphs summarize certain provisions of Nevada law and the Company s Articles of Incorporation, and Bylaws. 

General 

Certain
provisions of the Company s Articles of Incorporation, and Bylaws, and Nevada law could make an acquisition of the Company by a
third party, a change in the Company s incumbent management, or a similar change in control more difficult. 

These
provisions, which are summarized below, are likely to discourage certain types of coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover
bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of the Company to first negotiate with the Company s
board of directors. The Company believes that these provisions help to protect its potential ability to negotiate with the proponent
of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure the Company, and that this benefit outweighs the potential disadvantages
of discouraging such a proposal because the Company s ability to negotiate with the proponent could result in an improvement of
the terms of the proposal. The existence of these provisions which are described below could limit the price that investors might otherwise
pay in the future for the Company s securities. 

Articles
of Incorporation and Bylaws 

Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock . One share of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Series A Preferred is issued,
outstanding and held since 2012 by Marc Fogassa, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman. The Certificate of Designations,
Preferences and Rights of Series A Preferred provides that for so long as Series A Preferred is issued and outstanding, the holders of
Series A Preferred shall vote together as a single class with the holders of our common stock, with the holders of Series A Preferred
being entitled to 51 of the total votes on all matters regardless of the actual number of shares of Series A Preferred then outstanding,
and the holders of common stock and any other class or series of capital stock entitled to vote with the common stock being entitled
to their proportional share of the remaining 49 of the total votes based on their respective voting power. As a result, stockholders
have limited ability to impact our operations and activities. 

Series
D Convertible Preferred Stock. On September 14, 2021, our Board of Directors designated a new class of preferred stock called Series
D Convertible Preferred Stock Series D Preferred which has no voting rights, except on matters the approval of which
would have an adverse effect on such class. A Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of Series D Preferred was filed with
the State of Nevada on September 16, 2021. . One share of Series D Preferred is convertible into 13 and 1/3 shares of our common stock.
Series D Preferred is convertible into shares of our common stock solely at the election of the holder of Series D Preferred. 

Authorized
But Unissued Capital Stock. The Company has shares of common stock and preferred stock available for future issuance without stockholder
approval, subject to any limitations imposed by the listing standards Nasdaq. The Company may utilize these additional shares for a variety
of corporate purposes, including for future public offerings to raise additional capital or facilitate corporate acquisitions or for
payment as a dividend on the Company s capital
stock. The existence of unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock may enable the Company s board
of directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current management or to issue preferred stock with terms that could have the effect
of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or could discourage a third party from seeking to acquire, a controlling interest
in the Company by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest, or otherwise. In addition,
if the Company issues preferred stock, the issuance could adversely affect the voting power
of holders of common stock and the likelihood that such holders will receive dividend payments and payments upon liquidation. 

Blank
Check Preferred Stock . The Company s board of directors, without stockholder approval, has the authority under the Company s
Articles of Incorporation, to issue preferred stock with rights superior to the rights of the holders of common stock. As a result, preferred
stock could be issued quickly and easily, could impair the rights of holders of common stock, and could be issued with terms calculated
to delay or prevent a change in control or make removal of management more difficult. 

Election
of Directors . The Company s bylaws provide that a vacancy on the board of directors shall be filled by the directors then in
office, though less than a quorum. These provisions may discourage a third party from voting to remove incumbent directors and simultaneously
gaining control of the Company s board of directors by filling the vacancies created by that removal with its own nominees. 

Removal
of Directors . Except in certain cases for directors elected by the holders of any series of preferred stock, a director may be removed
only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote. Since Mr. Fogassa effectively holds a majority
of the voting power, the other stockholders are effectively prohibited from removing directors. 

Stockholder
Meetings . Special meetings of shareholders, other than those regulated by statute, may be called by the president upon written request
of the holders of 50 or more of the outstanding shares entitled to vote at such special meeting. Since Mr. Fogassa effectively holds
a majority of the voting power, the other stockholders are effectively prohibited from calling special meetings. This provision may discourage
another person or entity from making a tender offer, even if it acquired a majority of the Company s outstanding voting stock,
because the person or entity could only take action at a duly called stockholders meeting or by written consent. 

Anti-takeover
Effects of Nevada Law 

Business
Combinations with Interested Stockholders 

The
 business combination with interested stockholders provisions of Sections 78.411 to 78.444, inclusive, of the Nevada Revised
Statutes, or NRS, generally prohibit a Nevada corporation with at least 200 stockholders of record from engaging in various combination 
transactions with any interested stockholder for a period of two years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an
interested stockholder, unless the combination is approved by the Company s board of directors prior to the date the interested
stockholder obtained such status or the combination is approved by the Company s board of directors and at such time or thereafter
is approved at a meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative vote of stockholders representing at least 60 of the outstanding voting
power held by disinterested stockholders, and extends beyond the expiration of the two-year period, unless: 

the
 combination was approved by the Company s board of directors prior to the person becoming an interested stockholder or the
 transaction by which the person first became an interested stockholder was approved by the Company s board of directors before
 the person became an interested stockholder or the combination is later approved by a majority of the outstanding voting power held
 by disinterested stockholders; or 

if
 the consideration to be paid by the interested stockholder is at least equal to the highest of: (a) the highest price per share paid
 by the interested stockholder within the two years immediately preceding the date of the announcement of the combination or in the
 transaction in which it became an interested stockholder, whichever is higher, plus interest compounded annually and less the aggregate
 amount of any dividends paid per share; (b) the market value per share of common stock on the date of announcement of the combination
 or the date the interested stockholder acquired the shares, whichever is higher, plus interest compounded annually and less the aggregate
 amount of any dividends paid per share; or (c) for a holder of preferred stock, the market value of the preferred stock on the date
 of the announcement of the combination or in the transaction in which it became an interested stockholder, whichever is higher, plus
 interest compounded annually and less the aggregate amount of any dividends paid per share, if it is higher. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, NRS 78.411 to 78.444, inclusive, do not apply to any combination of a resident domestic corporation with an interested
stockholder after the expiration of four years after the person first became an interested stockholder. 

A
 combination is generally defined to include (i) mergers or consolidations; (ii) any sale, lease exchange, mortgage, pledge,
transfer, or other disposition, in one transaction or a series of transactions, to or with an interested stockholder or
an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder having: (a) an aggregate market value equal to more than 5 of the aggregate
market value of the assets, determined on a consolidated basis, of the corporation, (b) an aggregate market value equal to more than
5 of the aggregate market value of all outstanding voting shares of the corporation, or (c) more than 10 of the earning power or net
income, determined on a consolidated basis, of the corporation; and (iii) certain other transactions with an interested stockholder or
an affiliate or associate of an interested stockholder. 

In
general, an interested stockholder is: (i) a person who owns, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of a corporation s
voting stock; or (ii) an affiliate or associate of the corporation who within two years was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly,
of 10 or more of a corporation s voting stock. The statute could prohibit or delay mergers or other takeover or change in control
attempts and, accordingly, may discourage attempts to acquire the Company even though such a transaction may offer the Company s
stockholders the opportunity to sell their stock at a price above the prevailing market price. 

Control
Share Acquisitions 

The
 control share provisions of Sections 78.378 to 78.3793, inclusive, of the NRS apply to issuing corporations 
that are Nevada corporations with at least 200 stockholders of record, including at least 100 stockholders of record who are Nevada residents,
and that conduct business directly or indirectly in Nevada. The control share statute prohibits an acquirer, under certain circumstances,
from voting its shares of a target corporation s stock after crossing certain ownership threshold percentages, unless the acquirer
obtains approval of the target corporation s disinterested stockholders at a special or annual meeting of the stockholders. The
statute specifies three thresholds: one-fifth or more but less than one-third, one-third but less than a majority, and a majority or
more, of the corporation s outstanding voting power. Generally, once an acquirer crosses one of the above thresholds, those shares
in an offer or acquisition and acquired within 90 days immediately preceding the date when the acquiring person became an acquirer become
 control shares and such control shares are deprived of the right to vote until disinterested stockholders restore the right.
These provisions also provide that if control shares are accorded full voting rights and the acquiring person has acquired a majority
or more of all voting power, all other stockholders who do not vote in favor of authorizing voting rights to the control shares are entitled
to demand payment for the fair value of their shares in accordance with statutory procedures established for dissenters rights. 

A
corporation may elect to not be governed by, or opt out of, the control share provisions by making an election in its articles
of incorporation or bylaws, provided that the opt-out election must be in place on the 10th day following the date an acquiring person
has acquired a controlling interest, that is, crossing any of the three thresholds described above. The Company has not opted out of
the control share statutes, and will be subject to these statutes if we are an issuing corporation as defined in such statutes. 

The
effect of the Nevada control share statutes is that the acquiring person, and those acting in association with the acquiring person,
will obtain only such voting rights in the control shares as are conferred by a resolution of the stockholders at an annual or special
meeting. The Nevada control share law, if applicable, could have the effect of discouraging takeovers of the Company. 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-10.10>
 3
 ex10-10.htm

Exhibit
10.10 

Translation
from Original Contract Written in Portuguese and Executed in Brazil 

PRIVATE
AGREEMENT FOR THE PURCHASE AND SALE OF MINING RIGHTS 

 PRIVATE
AGREEMENT FOR TOTAL ASSIGNMENT OF MINERAL RIGHTS 

MINERA O
E TRANSPORTE ROSA DO VALE LTDA . ROSA
DO VALE , a private legal entity, with
Federal Taxpayer ID CNPJ/MF [ ] , with offices at [ ] , herein represented by its managing member, [ ] ,
domiciled at [ ] , hereinafter referred to as SELLER / ASSIGNOR 

BMIX
PARTICIPA ES LTDA. BMIX ), a private legal entity, with Federal Taxpayer ID CNPJ/MF [ ] ,
with offices at Rua da Bahia, 2463, suite 205, Savassi, in Belo Horizonte, state of Minas Gerais, postcode 30160-012, herein represented
by its attorney [ ] , Federal Taxpayer ID [ ] , domiciled at [ ] , hereinafter referred to as PURCHASER
/ ASSIGNEE 

jointly
to 

ATLAS
LITHIUM CORPORATION ATLAS LITHIUM ), a company organized and existing according to the laws of the United States of
America, with Federal Taxpayer ID CNPJ/MF [ ] , herein represented by its attorney [ ] , being the controlling
company of BMIX, and the company responsible for the issuance / supply of the shares of ATLAS LITHIUM, hereinafter referred to as GUARANTEEING
INTERVENING PARTY 

And
further: 

BRASIL ISRAEL
MINERA O LTDA . BRASIL ISRAEL , private legal entity, with Federal Taxpayer ID CNPJ/MF [ ] , with offices at [ ] ,
herein represented by its managing member, [ ] , identity card [ ], domiciled at [ ] , hereinafter referred to
as CONSENTING INTERVENING PARTY; 

ROSA DO VALE, BMIX, ATLAS LITHIUM, and
BRASIL ISRAEL, separately referred to as PARTY and jointly hereinafter referred to as Parties . The Parties, through
this Private Agreement for Purchase and Sale / Assignment of Mining Rights (hereinafter referred to as Agreement ), agree
hereby the clauses and conditions below, freely agreed and accepted, which they undertake to comply with: 

BACKGROUND 

(i)
Whereas ROSA DO VALE is the holder of the Mining Rights Claims with the Brazilian Mining Agency ANM under numbers 830.224/2020,
830.226/2020, 830.228/2020, 830.229/2020, 830.524/2018, hereinafter referred to as Mining Rights Claims , subject matter
hereof. 

(ii)
Whereas Research Permits were granted in Mining Rights Claims 830.224/2020 (Research Permit number 2478/2020), 830.228/2020 (Research
permit number 1590/2020), and 830.229/ 2020 (Research permit number 1591/2020) and being well known by everyone that Mining Right Claim
830.226/2020 has not yet granted/published its Research Permit, and, according to the Mining Law (ANM/DNPM Resolution 155/2016, Article
224, 3), it can only be transferred / assigned after the grant / publication of its permit, the proceeding for transfer of the
rights will begin on the day after the publication in the Federal Official Gazette of its respective Research Permit; 

(iii)
Whereas the Mining Rights Claims are for originally for substances of granite and feldspar, having even been filed a Final Research Report
for Mining Right Claim 830.524/2018 on Feb 13, 2022; 

(iv)
Whereas except for the here CONSENTING INTERVENING PARTY identified in the preamble hereof, MINERA O E TRANSPORTE
ROSA DO VALE LTDA. guarantees that there is no other negotiation, OPTION and/or any other agreement and/or document granting any
rights to third parties as regards the Mining Rights Claims, and, therefore, there is no other intermediary, assistance and/or
people involved in the negotiation of the MINING RIGHTS. 

(v)
Whereas ATLAS LITHIUM. here the GUARANTEEING INTERVENING PARTY, for being the Controlling Company of the
PURCHASER/ASSIGNEE undertakes the joint and several liability for the compliance hereof, in special as regards the bonuses for
issuance of its shares to the benefit of the SELLER / ASSIGNOR. 

(vi)
The Parties expressly represent their knowledge on the full content of said proceedings, their current status and agree to enter this
agreement providing for the purchase / assignment of the Mining Rights Claims according to the terms and conditions below. 

1.
OBJECT 

The
object hereof is the purchase and sale (total assignment) of the mining rights represented by ANM Mining Rights Claims 830.224/2020,
830.226/2020, 830.228/2020, 830.229/2020, 830.524/2018 held by the SELLER / ASSIGNOR, and the latter undertakes, on an exclusive,
irrevocable and indefeasible basis, to sell them to the PURCHASER/ASSIGNEE, promoting the respective total assignment of the Mining
Rights Claims upon consent/approval by the Brazilian Mining Agency (ANM). 

2.
PRICE AND PAYMENT CONDITIONS 

2.1.
For the acquisition of the Mining Rights Claims, BMIX shall pay the agreed price of two million US Dollars (USD 2,000,000.00) CASH
AMOUNT ), translated into the Brazilian legal tender according to the PTAX exchange rate of the day of the respective payment as
published by the Central Bank of Brazil, and seven hundred and fifty thousand US Dollars (USD 750,000.00) in shares of Atlas Lithium
Corporation, a company listed in a stock exchange in the United States of America STOCK AMOUNT as follows: 

a)
First Payment: One million, one hundred and fifty thousand US Dollars (USD 1,150,000.00) as follows: 

a.1)
Four hundred thousand US Dollars (US 400,000.00) shall be paid on the date in which the total assignments of the Mining Rights available
for BMIX are filed with the ANM, in the Brazilian legal tender through bank deposit in a bank account indicated by the SELLER / ASSIGNOR,
the deposit slip serving as proof of payment of said installment. 

a.2)
Seven hundred and fifty thousand US Dollars (US 750,000.00) converted into shares of ATLAS LITHIUM with the issuance of shares by the
GUARANTEEING INTERVENING PARTY to the benefit of the SELLER / ASSIGNOR within five (5) business days counted from the entering / execution
hereof. 

The
number of shares to be issued by the Guaranteeing Intervening Party and provided to the Seller/Assignor will be based on the value of
seven hundred and fifty thousand US dollars 750,000.00) divided by the closing price of the ATLAS LITHIUM share on the day of execution
of the AGREEMENT, or the next business day if the AGREEMENT is executed on a date when the stock market does not operate in the United
States. 

b)
Second Payment: Five hundred thousand US Dollars 500,000.00) shall be paid within five (5) business days after the publication in
the Federal Official Gazette by ANM consenting and authorizing the annotation of the total assignment of the Mining Rights Claims, transferring
the rights to BMIX in the mining file Transfer ). This payment shall be divided proportionally and equally for each assignment
published, that is, the payment of one hundred thousand US dollars USD 100,000.00) for each total assignment made/published, paid in
Brazilian currency by bank deposit in the current account indicated by the SELLER / ASSIGNOR, the deposit slip serving as proof of payment
of the respective installment. 

c)
Third Payment: One million and one hundred US Dollars (USD 1,100,000.00) corresponding to two hundred and twenty thousand US Dollars
(USD 220,000.00) for each Mining Rights Proceeding. This payment shall also be divided proportionally and equally for each assignment
made / published. The values shall be paid in ten (10) equal and successive installments of twenty-two thousand US dollars (US 22,000.00)
per Proceeding assigned, in the Brazilian currency, the first installment of the Third Payment being due, in continuity
with the previous item (b), thirty (30) days after publication in the Federal Official Gazette by the ANM of the consent / annotation
of the Total Assignment of each Mining Rights Proceeding, and the other nine (9) installments, successive on the same day of the subsequent
months, through bank deposit in the bank account indicated by the SELLER/ ASSIGNOR, the deposit slip serving as proof of payment of the
respective installment. 

d)
Bonus 1: in the case of verification of mineral resources coming from mineral research through drilling in the MINING RIGHTS areas with
the issuance of a report (TECHNICAL REPORT) by an independent company in international format (SK1300) for use in the Stock Exchange
(USA) confirming at least five million (5,000,000) tons of spodumene with a minimum average content of 1.3 Li2O; a bonus of one million
US Dollars (USD 1,000,000.00) in cash and five hundred thousand US Dollars (USD 500,000.00) converted into shares of ATLAS LITHIUM shall
be paid. The number of shares to be issued shall be on the basis of five hundred thousand US Dollars (USD 500,000.00) divided by the
closing share price of ATLAS LITHIUM on the date of the issuance of the TECHNICAL REPORT, or the next business day if the TECHNICAL REPORT
is issued on a date when the stock market is not operating in the United States. 

d.1)
the payment in cash shall be made in ten (10) monthly installments of one hundred thousand US dollars (USD 100,000.00), converted into
Brazilian currency, the first one being due thirty (30) days after the issuance of the TECHNICAL REPORT and the others on the same days
of the subsequent months and, the shares converted into payment shall all be issued upon payment of the first installment. 

e)
Bonus 2: in the case of verification of mineral resources coming from mineral research through drilling in the MINING RIGHTS areas with
the issuance of a report (TECHNICAL REPORT) by an independent company in international format (SK1300) for use in the Stock Exchange
(USA) confirming at least ten million (10,000,000) tons of spodumene with a minimum average content of 1.3 Li20; a bonus of one million
US Dollars (USD 1,000,000.00) in cash and five hundred thousand US Dollars (USD 500,000.00) converted into shares of ATLAS LITHIUM shall
be paid. The number of shares to be issued shall be on the basis of five hundred thousand US Dollars (USD 500,000.00) divided by the
closing share price of ATLAS LITHIUM on the date of the issuance of the TECHNICAL REPORT, or the next business day if the TECHNICAL REPORT
is issued on a date when the stock market is not operating in the United States. 

e.1)
the payment in cash shall be made in ten (10) monthly installments of one hundred thousand US dollars (USD 100,000.00), converted into
Brazilian currency, the first one being due thirty (30) days after the issuance of the TECHNICAL REPORT and the others on the same days
of the subsequent months and, the shares converted into payment shall all be issued upon payment of the first installment. 

f)
Bonus 3: in the case of verification of mineral resources coming from mineral research through drilling in the MINING RIGHTS areas with
the issuance of a report (TECHNICAL REPORT) by an independent company in international format (SK1300) for use in the Stock Exchange
(USA) confirming more than ten million (10,000,000) tons; an additional bonus of twenty cents (USD 0.20) shall be paid for each ton of
spodumene with minimum average content of 1.3 Li20, without limitation. 

f.1)
the payments shall always be made in monthly installments of up to one hundred thousand US Dollars (USD 100,000.00), converted into Brazilian
currency, up to the completion of the amount to be paid, the first installment becoming due thirty (30) days after the publication of
the TECHNICAL REPORT, in which the difference in excess of ten million tons (10,000,000) compared to the measurement of the previous
report shall be verified, as well as observing the value of Bonus 2. 

2.2.
The parties agree that due to the intermediation performed by the CONSENTING INTERVENING PARTY, any and all amounts and installments
due by the PURCHASER/ASSIGNEE to the SELLER/ASSIGNOR as a result hereof, whether in cash or in shares as provided for in Clause 2.1,
shall be transferred directly by the PURCHASER/ASSIGNEE to the CONSENTING INTERVENING PARTY the agreed percentage of ten percent (10 ),
upon issuance of the respective Invoice. 

2.3.
Since payments depend on the closing of foreign exchange, the PARTIES grant BMIX a tolerance of two (2) business days for the payment.
A delay of more than two (2) business days in the payment of the agreed installment(s) shall entail a late payment fine of two percent
(2 ), plus late payment interests of one percent (1 per month or fraction of month due to the respective PARTY receiving the overdue
installment. A delay longer than thirty (30) days shall entail a late payment fine of ten percent (10 on the amount in arrears, besides
late payment interests. 

2.4.
In the case the ANM refuses to approve and annotate the transfer of the rights on the Mining Rights Claims to the PURCHASER/ASSIGNEE,
since it is a contractual requirement, and it is its responsibility the reason for the refusal, it must use all efforts necessary to
regularize and carry out the assignment, under penalty of being deemed and notified in default of its obligations, which would entail
the termination of the agreement. 

2.5.
For the purposes of making feasible the payment by the PURCHASER/ASSIGNEE and to provide more reliability for the ANM to agree and annotate
the application for Total Assignment, the Parties, after the execution hereof, shall enter a Private Agreement for Total Assignment of
the Mining Rights with certified signatures and filed with the Register of Titles and Documents, as provided for in article 234, I of
ANM/DNPM Resolution No. 155/2016. 

2.6.
Once the payments are made as provided for in this agreement, the PARTIES hereby represent that they have no further claims on any account
and at any time from BMIX, granting the fullest, absolute, integral, irrevocable and irreversible release as to the subject matter hereof,
being satisfied with the amounts negotiated herein, replacing any previous negotiations and/or preliminary agreements entered into between
the PARTIES. 

3.
THE GUARANTEE 

3.1.
As a guarantee for the regular payment of the installments here agreed for the acquisition of the Mining Rights Claims, BMIX
delivers to the SELLER / ASSIGNOR, as a PLEDGE (article 1424 of the Brazilian Civil Code of 2002), besides the Mining Rights Claims
830.224/2020, 830.226/2020, 830.228/2020, 830.229/2020, 830.524/2018, and this guarantee will remain in force up to the full payment
of all the amount in cash, amount in shares and the amount of the bonuses as agreed herein. The SELLER / ASSIGNOR may require that a
specific Pledge Agreement is entered in separate on these mining assets negotiated hereby or the pledge on the shares of the company
BMIX or the issuance to its benefit of a comfort letter or guarantee insurance encompassing and guaranteeing the remaining amount
agreed in item 2.1 hereof, less the amounts provenly paid, issued by a financial institution authorized by the Central Bank of
Brazil. The SELLER/ASSIGNEE will provide a notice, by email, to the PURCHASER/ASSIGNOR and the latter shall have a term of fifteen
(15) days for the required actions and formalizations and signatures of said instruments. 

3.2.
In the case of default by BMIX for not timely complying with the scheduled payments, BMIX shall be notified of default, and a period
of 10 (ten) business days will be provided to regularize and comply with the overdue obligation. The failure to comply with the term
established herein shall result in the termination of the contract, the application of the penalties provided herein, as well as the
established contractual obligation of BMIX to revert / return to ROSA DO VALE the rights on the respective Mining Rights Claims, through
proceedings of Total Assignment of Mining Rights (non-onerous), being hereby expressly committed to effect this proceeding as well as
to supply all documents required for returning the title of the Mining Rights to ROSA DO VALE, being authorized to file with the ANM
the total non-onerous assignment agreement to be executed within five (5) business days, being further entitled to practice all acts
necessary for its annotation. 

3.3.
In the event of the occurrence set forth in the item above, BMIX undertakes to make and deliver to the respective holder the electronic
application for the Total Assignment of Mining Rights Claims subject matter hereof, duly signed by the appropriate party, including all
documents necessary for the actual compliance with the Total Assignment to ROSA DO VALE before the ANM within five (5) business days,
under penalty of a daily fine in the amount of one hundred thousand Brazilian reals (R 100,000.00), as well as to be responsible for
all legal costs required for providing its signature for effective transfer of title. 

4.
THE TECHNICAL REPORT 

4.1.
For the purposes of determining the bonus provided for in subitems d , e and f of Clause 2.1
above, a TECHNICAL REPORT prepared by an independent firm in international format (SK1300) shall be developed for use on the Stock Exchange
(USA) during the drilling work and may contain more than one version as the drilling work progresses, the right to receive any complementary
volumes in excess of ten million (10,000,000) tons in the form of subitem f.1 of Clause 2.1 while drilling is going on in the MINING
RIGHTS areas, ending any payment obligation after conclusion of the drilling and issuance of the last version of the TECHNICAL REPORT. 

4.2.
BMIX shall provide to a person indicated by the PARTIES the certificates of laboratory analysis of the samples from the areas subject
matter hereof, as well as, upon five (5) day prior notice, to allow a professional designated by the PARTIES to have access to the drilling
works and respective depositions. 

4.3.
The SELLER / ASSIGNOR shall be entitled to obtain access to any data, records, reports, information, results of essays, calculations,
opinions, maps, graphics, samples, documents, depositions of drilling and other perforation data, soil samples, pulp, as well as any
other information or document related to the Research and Drilling Works, and BMIX shall provide any information already available, within
a term of five (5) days, counted from the request by the SELLER / ASSIGNOR in this sense. 

4.4.
For preparing the TECHNICAL REPORT regarding the areas object hereof, it is foreseen to drill forty (40) to sixty (60) boreholes with
an estimated average depth of one hundred (100) meters during a period of eighteen (18) months, starting this period with the publication
of the total transfer of the respective mining rights to BMIX. 

4.4.1.
The deadline and drill hole conditions above refer to the initial BMIX planning, susceptible to adjustment and revision according to
the response presented by the drilling work, and there is no obligation to drill a minimum of 40 (forty) holes, and the lithium mining
contact criteria in the hole and lithium content that may be found determine the continuity of the holes or not, and there is no obligation
to drill holes if the area has no potential for lithium. 

4.4.2.
If an environmental license must be obtained or if an agreement with the surface landowner is not reached, the work deadline will be
extended for the proportional period during any impossibility of continuing the drilling until a solution is reached with the surface
landowner and/or the environmental license is issued. 

4.5.
All the Research Works and the Technical Report shall be made and paid exclusively by BMIX. 

5.
RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES 

5.1.
ROSA DO VALE shall have the following rights and obligations: 

a)
To promote, at its own expense, the immediate annotation with the ANM of the agreement for assignment and transfer of title on the mining
rights hereunder; 

b)
To promptly and timely meet any and all requirements made by the ANM related to its information and/or its documents; 

c)
To assist BMIX in the contact with the surface landowners, and BMIX shall bear any costs for travel, accommodation and meals for any
actions outside Ara ua ; 

d)
To receive the amounts provided for herein; 

e)
To be in good standing concerning the payment of the annual fees per hectare with the ANM in relation to the Mining Rights Claims object
hereof; 

5.2.
BMIX shall have the following rights and obligations: 

a)
To promote the agreements with the owners/surface landowners or to take all necessary legal steps to enter the area and thus start the
research/surveying works; 

b)
To timely comply with all environmental and mining laws, any requirement, conditions and/or obligations inherent to the Mining Rights
Claims with the ANM or other Department/Autonomous Agency after filing the respective Total Assignment; 

c)
For the completion of the Mineral Research and its execution, BMIX shall be the sole responsible before the environmental agencies
for any liabilities arising from the mineral research, including obtaining the relevant environmental permits and licenses,
answering, in particular, but not limited to, for any and all legal noncompliance, environmental damage, fines and/or notices, even
if on behalf of ROSA DO VALE; 

d)
The environmental recovery of the areas degraded/used in the performance of the mineral research, as well as for any environmental liabilities
caused; 

f)
To make the payments as provided for in Clause Two hereof; 

5.3.
ATLAS LITHIUM, here GUARANTEEING INTERVENING PARTY shall have the following rights and obligations: 

a)
To have joint and several liability as to compliance, guarantees in general, in particular with respect to the bonus for the issuance
of shares held by it ATLAS LITHIUM to the benefit of the SELLER, as provided in Clause Two. 

6.
EXPENSES FOR PERFORMING THE BUSINESS 

For
the execution of the deal, the PURCHASER/ASSIGNEE will bear with the fees and emoluments required by the Notary Public Offices and Registers
of Titles and Documents, as well as the National Mining Agency, and is solely responsible for bearing the charges and costs of a due
diligence . 

7.
CONFIDENTIALITY 

7.1.
During the term of effectiveness hereof and for a subsequent period of twenty-four (24) months after its termination, the Parties shall
keep strict confidentiality as regards (i) the terms hereof, (ii) the MINING RIGHTS and (iii) the results and research work performed
by BMIX Absolute Secrecy ), and there may be no presentation and/or conversation about the research work or negotiation
of the rights hereof with third parties without the prior express consent by BMIX. 

7.2.
The RECEIVING PARTY may disclose the Confidential Information to its technical advisors and any other representatives of the receiving
party who have a need to know it and who have been informed of its confidential nature. 

7.3.
For the purposes hereof, the PARTIES agree that Confidential Information shall not include any information that: 

 a)
are or become available to the general public in any manner other than disclosure by the RECEIVING PARTY or any of its Representatives
in violation to this Section 7; 

b)
are necessary or required by the ANM, environmental agencies or any others for maintaining the Mining Rights Claims or that are legally
required from the relevant party; 

c)
are made available to the RECEIVING PARTY, on a non-confidential basis, by sources other than the DISCLOSING PARTY or its Representatives,
provided that the RECEIVING PARTY is not aware, in good faith and after investigation, that this information is subject to the confidentiality
obligation by the revealing source; 

d)
in the case the RECEIVING PARTY is compelled to disclose it as a result of the law and rules applicable to the RECEIVING PARTY, lawsuit,
court order or request, or relevant governmental departments; or 

e)
are known, or independently developed, by the RECEIVING PARTY, without violation of the confidentiality obligation, before the disclosure
by the DISCLOSING PARTY and/or its Representatives. 

7.4.
In the case of noncompliance with the Secrecy obligation, the violating party shall be subject to a fine of five hundred thousand Brazilian
Reals (R 500,000.00) for each violation of secrecy and/or disclosure of confidential information plus losses and damages that might
be assessed as a result of the violation. 

8.
IRREVOCABILITY AND INDEFEASIBILITY 

By
free and express agreement of the Parties, this agreement is entered on an irrevocable and indefeasible basis, and neither party may
claim the right to withdraw from it, except in the event of contractual default by any of the Parties, and the contracting Parties, for
themselves, their heirs, successors and assigns in any capacity, have the obligation to strictly comply with all items and conditions
agreed herein. 

9.
SPECIAL TERMINATION CLAUSE 

9.1.
Despite the irrevocable and indefeasible basis, it is hereby agreed that if BMIX does not obtain satisfactory results of volume and chemical
content of lithium with feasibility of processing as the TECHNICAL REPORT to be issued according to internationally accepted standards
of results statement (SK1300), this agreement shall be terminated as regards the bonuses provided for in subitems d , e 
and f of Clause 2.1 above, upon notification proving the technical and economic unfeasibility, without any burden and penalties
to the parties, being due and respected the other values provided for in the first sentence of Clause 2.1, BMIX undertaking to make available
to ROSA DO VALE all data obtained with the research work, as well as to comply with all environmental and mining laws, legal and contractual
obligations related to the regular processing of Mining Rights Claims. 

9.2.
The noncompliance with any clause or obligation in this agreement by any of the parties will entitle the non-violating party to terminate
this agreement, provided that any noncompliance is not remedied within ten (10) business days after the delivery of an out-of-court notice,
subjecting the violating party to the application of the penalties provided for herein as well as to the payment of the Conventional
Penalty equal to five percent (5 of the total of this transaction, as set forth below. 

9.3.
In the case of termination caused by the PURCHASER/ASSIGNEE, this party shall not be entitled to the recovery of any amounts paid. 

9.4.
In the case of dismissal of the Final Research Report filed on Feb 13, 2022 in Mining Claim 830.524/2018 and not yet reviewed by the
ANM and any (final) administrative and court Appeals, cancelling the Mining Rights, BMIX shall be entitled to a discount of four
hundred thousand US Dollars (USD 400,000.00) in cash and one hundred thousand US Dollars (USD 150,000.00) in shares that will be
deducted from the last instalments due. 

9.5.
Notwithstanding the other provisions hereof, this agreement may be legally terminated, by the non-violating party, upon notice with immediate
effect, without any obligation to the other Party for any payment, reimbursement and/or damages in the case of order of bankruptcy, court
or out-of-court recovery, court or out-of-court winding up or liquidation of any of the Parties. 

10.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

10.1.
The SELLER / ASSIGNOR and the CONSENTING INTERVENING PARTY represent and warrant to BMIX, representations and warranties that will be
valid, true, exact and correct today and that shall be fully ratified as valid, true and correct whenever required: 

10.1.1.
 Authority and Authorization . The SELLER / ASSIGNOR has full capacity, all the authority and authorizations for (i) entering this
Agreement and all other documents related to it; (ii) complying with the obligations set forth and undertaken herein and to complete
the transactions set forth herein and in the other documents. The execution and formalization hereof by the SELLER / ASSIGNOR and the
CONSENTING INTERVENING PARTY and the compliance with their obligations were duly approved and authorized by all their own actions and
by third parties necessary, including any required corporate approvals. No other action, act, consent, authorization, approval, or filing
with any person, court, Authority, or any third party is required to authorize the execution, formalization, and performance hereof. 

10.1.2.
 Binding Effect . This Agreement and the other documents related to it are a legally valid obligation and bind the SELLER/ ASSIGNOR
and the CONSENTING INTERVENING PARTY, who acknowledge all the terms and conditions hereof, undertaking to comply with all the provisions
hereof, as well as to immediately notify BMIX on the existence of any act, fact or omission that may harm and/or constitute a violation
hereto, as well as to take any action that may be required for the maintenance of the validity and effectiveness of this agreement/business. 

10.1.3.
 Nonexistence of Violation and Consents . Neither the execution and formalization of this Agreement and other documents by the SELLER
/ ASSIGNOR, nor the performance of any and all of its obligations under this Agreement and the documents related to it (i), violate,
conflict with, result in breach or default, give rise to any right of termination or acceleration of any obligation, give rise to the
loss of any right or benefit or result in the creation of any Encumbrance on any property, claims or assets of the SELLER / ASSIGNOR,
including the mineral rights hereunder, nor otherwise give any other party rights or additional compensation under, or the right to terminate
(in whole or in part), nor constitute a default under any agreement to which the SELLER / ASSIGNOR is a party; (ii) violate or conflict
with any statute, ordinance, law, rule, regulation, license or permit, judgment or order by any court or other Authority or regulator
to which the SELLER / ASSIGNOR, or any of the mineral rights hereunder are subject or bound; and (iii) are dependent upon any consent,
approval or authorization of, notice to, or filing or registration with, any person, entity, court or Authority or regulator. 

10.1.4.
 Absence of Litigations and Impediments . To date, there are no MOUs, options or any other agreements in force, actions, lawsuits,
investigations or legal, administrative or arbitration proceedings ongoing, filed, initiated or that, to the knowledge of the SELLER/ASSIGNOR
and the CONSENTING INTERVENING PARTY, are expected against it or the mining rights hereunder, which could prohibit or restrict the SELLER/ASSIGNOR
from consummating the transfer of title provided for herein or in other documents related to it, under penalty of incidence of a fine
in the amount of five hundred thousand Brazilian Reals (R 500,000.00). 

10.2.
The PURCHASER/ASSIGNEE represents and warrants to the SELLER/ASSIGNOR and the CONSENTING INTERVENING PARTY, representations and warranties
that will be valid, true, exact and correct today and that shall be fully ratified as valid, true and correct whenever required: 

10.2.1.
 Authority and Authorization . The PURCHASER/ASSIGNEE has full capacity, all the authority and authorizations for (i) entering this
Agreement and all other documents related to it; (ii) complying with the obligations set forth and undertaken herein and to complete
the transactions set forth herein and in the other documents. The execution and formalization hereof by the PURCHASER/ASSIGNEE and the
compliance with its obligations were duly approved and authorized by all its own actions and by third parties eventually required. No
other action, act, consent, authorization, approval, or filing with any person, court, Authority, or any third party is required to authorize
the execution, formalization, and performance hereof. 

10.2.2.
 Binding Effect . This Agreement and the other documents related to it are a legally valid obligation and bind the PURCHASER/ASSIGNEE,
who acknowledges all the terms and conditions hereof, undertaking to comply with all the provisions hereof, as well as to immediately
notify the SELLER/ASSIGNOR on the existence of any act, fact or omission that may harm and/or constitute a violation hereto, as well
as to take any action that may be required for the maintenance of the validity and effectiveness of this Agreement. 

10.2.3.
 Nonexistence of Violation and Consents . Neither the execution and formalization of this Agreement and other documents by BMIX,
nor the performance of any and all of its obligations under this Agreement and the documents related to it (i), violate, conflict with,
result in breach or default, give rise to any right of termination or acceleration of any obligation, give rise to the loss of any right
or benefit or result in the creation of any Encumbrance on any property, claims or assets of BMIX, nor otherwise give any other party
rights or additional compensation under, or the right to terminate (in whole or in part), nor constitute a default under any agreement
to which BMIX is a party, or to which it or any of its shares, property, goods, credits or assets are subject or bound; (ii) violate
or conflict with any statute, ordinance, law, rule, regulation, license or permit, judgment or order by any court or other Authority
or regulator to which BMIX, or any of its shares, property, credits or assets are subject or bound; and (iii) are dependent upon any
consent, approval or authorization of, notice to, or filing or registration with, any person, entity, court or regulating Authority. 

10.3.4.
 Absence of Litigations . To date, there are no actions, lawsuits, investigations or legal, administrative or arbitration proceedings
ongoing, filed, initiated or that, to the knowledge of BMIX, are expected against it or that could prohibit or restrict BMIX from completing
the assignment of title provided for herein or in other documents related to it, under penalty of incidence of a fine in the amount of
five hundred thousand Brazilian Reals (R 500,000.00). 

11.
MISCELLANEOUS 

11.1.
 Binding and Succession . This Agreement binds the Parties and their respective successors and assigns for any reason, and is an
instrument executable out of court for all purposes and effects of the Brazilian Code of Civil Procedure. 

11.2.
 Assignment and Transfer . This Agreement and all the rights granted by it cannot be assigned, encumbered or transferred by any
of the Parties without the prior and written consent by the other Party. Any assignment, encumbrance or transfer in noncompliance with
the provisions hereof shall be legally ineffective and void. 

11.3.
 Notices . All communications, notices or notifications related to this Agreement that are required or authorized by this Agreement
shall be in writing and sent by email to [ ] and [ ] with proof of receipt, and/or by mail with return receipt
to the addresses listed in the preamble of this Agreement, and the PARTY shall keep the other PARTIES updated on any change of address. 

11.4.
 Applicable Law . This Agreement and any demand resulting from it or related to it must be governed and construed according to the
laws of the Federative Republic of Brazil. 

11.5.
 Amendments . This Agreement can only be validly amended by means of a written amendment executed by all the Parties. Any acceptance,
extension or tolerance by any party as regards the obligations undertaken by the other party in this agreement shall always be on a precarious
and limited basis, and shall not constitute a contractual amendment or novation. 

11.6.
 Validity . In case any of the clauses of this instrument is declared null, in whole or in part, for any reason whatsoever, the
other clauses will continue in full force, unless as a result of such a declaration this agreement will lose its object. 

11.7.
 Indemnification . Each Party shall be liable and shall indemnify the other for any proven loss or damage resulting from its acts
which may in any way, directly or indirectly, affect the other Party or the Mining Rights hereunder. In the case of noncompliance with
the obligations undertaken herein, the defaulting Party undertakes to indemnify the non-defaulting Party. The payment of the amount to
be due shall include interests, fines, court fees, attorney s fees and other related expenses (individually, Damages ),
directly resulting from the default. 

12.
JURISDICTION 

The
parties elect, on an irrevocable and indefeasible basis, the courts of the city of Belo Horizonte, state of Minas Gerais, as competent
to solve any issues arising hereof. 

The
PARTIES expressly acknowledge the veracity, authenticity, integrity, validity and efficacy of this instrument, formed in digital format
and signed, and acknowledge as a valid statement of consent its signature in electronic format and/or by means of electronic certificates,
as provided for in article 10, 2, of the provisional presidential decree No. 2200-2, of August 24, 2001. 

In
witness whereof, the Parties and witnesses electronically sign this instrument. 

Belo
Horizonte, state of Minas Gerais, January 9, 2023 

Digitally
signed by [ ] 

 This
signature can be verified at http://serpro.gov.br/assinador-digital 

 MINERA O E TRANSPORTE ROSA DO VALE LTDA .

Seller
/ Assignor 

Digitally
signed by [ ] 

 Date:
2023.01.1o 8:34:32 PM 03 00 

 BMIX
PARTICIPA ES LTDA. 

 Purchaser
/ Assignee 

Digitally
signed by [ ] 

 Date:
2023.01.11 9:57:53 Am - 03 00 

 ATLAS
LITHIUM CORPORATION 

 Guaranteeing
Intervening Party 

Digitally
signed by [ ] 

 Date:
2023.01.10 4:14:22 PM 03 00 

 BRASIL ISRAEL MINERA O
LTDA . 

Consenting
Intervening Party 

Witnesses: 

 1.
Digitally Signed by [ ] 

 This
signature can be verified at http://serpro.gov.br/assinador-digital 

2.
Digitally Signed by [ ] 

 Date:
2023.01.11 10:44:42 AM 3 00 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Marc Fogassa, certify that: 

(1) 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Atlas Lithium Corporation 

(2) 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

(3) 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the company as of, and for, the periods presented in this
 report; 

(4) 
 I
 am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the company
 and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under their
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the company s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the company s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 
 I
 have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the company s auditors
 and the audit committee of the company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the company s internal
 control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 
 /s/
 Marc Fogassa 

Marc
 Fogassa 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(principal
 executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Gustavo Aguiar, certify that: 

(1) 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Atlas Lithium Corporation; 

(2) 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

(3) 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the company as of, and for, the periods presented in this
 report; 

(4) 
 I
 am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the company
 and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under their
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the company s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the company s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 
 I
 have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the company s auditors
 and the audit committee of the company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the company s internal
 control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 
 /s/
 Gustavo Aguiar 

Gustavo
 Aguiar 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(principal
 financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

Certification
of Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

 Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 

 as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Marc Fogassa, certify pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Atlas Lithium
Corporation for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Marc Fogassa 

Marc Fogassa 

(principal executive officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

Certification
of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 

 as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Gustavo Aguiar, certify pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Atlas Lithium
Corporation for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Gustavo Aguiar 

Gustavo Aguiar 

(Chief Financial Officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 21
 atlx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 23
 atlx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 24
 atlx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 25
 atlx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

