<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230314_10-K_edgar_data_1624326_0001493152-23-007481.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10127692</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>528557</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1557764</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3276237</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2063852</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2438114</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-007481.hdr.sgml : 20230314
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230313183544
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-007481
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		107
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230314
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230313

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PAVmed Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001624326
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				471214177
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37685
		FILM NUMBER:		23728651

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		360 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		25TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 949-4319

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		360 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		25TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PAXmed Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141105

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-007481.txt : 20230314

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
DC 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _____ to _____ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State
 or Other Jurisdiction of 
 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 
 Incorporation
 or Organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

(Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title
 of each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each Exchange on which Registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

None. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer 
, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filed 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to section 13(c) of the Exchange Act 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

As
of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market
value of the registrant s voting stock held by non-affiliates was approximately million, based on 74,958,765 shares of
common stock held by non-affiliates and a last reported sales price per share of the registrant s common stock of 0.94 on such
date. 

As
of March 9, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share, issued and
outstanding (with such number of shares inclusive of shares of common stock underlying unvested restricted stock awards granted under
the PAVmed Inc. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan as of such date). 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 17 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 33 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Property 
 33 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 34 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 34 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrants Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 35 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 35 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 36 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 46 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 46 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 46 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 47 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 47 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 47 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 48 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 48 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 48 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 48 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 48 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 49 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 50 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Form 10-K of PAVmed Inc. we , us , our or PAVmed 
or the Company ), contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements,
other than statements of historical facts, contained in this Form 10-K, including statements regarding our future results of operations
and financial position, business strategy and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements.
The words may, will, should, expects, plans, anticipates, 
 could, intends, target, projects, contemplates, believes, 
 estimates, predicts, potential or continue or the negative of these terms or
other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these
identifying words. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the Company s actual results may differ
significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are
not limited to, those discussed in Item 1A of Part I of this Form 10-K under the heading Risk Factors, which are incorporated
herein by reference. 

Important
factors that may affect our actual results include: 

our
 limited operating history; 

our
 financial performance, including our ability to generate revenue; 

our
 ability to obtain regulatory approval for the commercialization of our products; 

the
 ability of our products to achieve market acceptance; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or
 directors; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing when and if needed; 

our
 ability to protect our intellectual property; 

our
 ability to complete strategic acquisitions; 

our
 ability to manage growth and integrate acquired operations; 

the
 potential liquidity and trading of our securities; 

our
 regulatory and operational risks; 

cybersecurity
 risks; 

risks
 related to the COVID-19 pandemic; and 

our
 estimates regarding expenses, future revenue, capital requirements and needs for additional
 financing. 

In
addition, our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future financings, acquisitions, mergers, dispositions,
joint ventures or investments we may make. 

We
may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, and/or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place
undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents we have filed as
exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K completely and with the understanding our actual future results may be materially different
from what we expect. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. 

ii 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Background
and Overview 

PAVmed
is a highly differentiated, multi-product, commercial-stage medical technology company organized to advance a broad pipeline of innovative
medical technologies from concept to commercialization, employing a business model focused on capital efficiency and speed to market. 

Our
current central focus is predominantly on commercial expansion and execution including the acceleration of EsoGuard and Veris Cancer
Care Platform commercialization. As resources permit, we will continue to explore internal and external innovations that fulfill our
project selection criteria without limiting ourselves to any target specialty or condition. More broadly, we strive to maintain balance
within our pipeline with shorter-term, lower-risk projects with the prospect for rapid commercialization and revenue generation supporting
development of longer-term projects. At the same time, we are continuously re-assessing each project s long-term commercial potential
relative to other projects in our pipeline, accelerating or decelerating the project and reallocating resources accordingly. 

The
Company operates in one segment as a medical technology company, with the following lines of business: Diagnostics, Medical Devices
and Digital Health. Below is a summary of each of our key products within these sectors, including in particular EsoGuard and the
Veris Cancer Care Platform, currently our two leading products. We are also pursuing a number of research and development project
and product opportunities across these three lines of business, which have either been developed internally or have been presented
to us by clinician innovators and academic medical institutions for consideration. 

EsoGuard
and EsoCheck 

We
believe that the flagship product of our majority-owned subsidiary Lucid Diagnostics Inc. (Nasdaq: LUCD) Lucid ), the EsoGuard
Esophageal DNA Test, performed on samples collected with the EsoCheck Esophageal Cell Collection Device, constitutes the first and only
commercially available diagnostic test capable of serving as a widespread screening tool to prevent esophageal adenocarcinoma EAC deaths, through early detection of esophageal precancer in at-risk gastroesophageal reflux disease GERD, also commonly
known as chronic heartburn, acid reflux or simply reflux) patients. 

EsoGuard
is a bisulfite-converted next-generation sequencing (NGS) DNA assay performed on surface esophageal cells collected with EsoCheck. It
quantifies methylation at 31 sites on two genes, Vimentin (VIM) and Cyclin A1 (CCNA1). The assay was evaluated in a 408-patient multicenter
case-control study published in Science Translational Medicine and showed greater than 90 sensitivity and specificity at detecting esophageal
precancer and all conditions along the BE-EAC spectrum, including on samples collected with EsoCheck (Moinova, et al. Sci Transl Med.
2018 Jan 17;10(424): eaao5848). EsoGuard is commercially available in the U.S. as a Laboratory Developed Test (LDT) performed at our
CLIA-certified laboratory. Cell samples, including those collected with EsoCheck, as discussed below, are sent to our laboratory for
testing and analyses using our proprietary EsoGuard NGS DNA assay. 

EsoCheck
is an FDA 510(k) and CE Mark cleared noninvasive swallowable balloon capsule catheter device capable of sampling surface esophageal cells
in a less than five-minute office procedure. It consists of a vitamin pill-sized rigid plastic capsule tethered to a thin silicone catheter
from which a soft silicone balloon with textured ridges emerges to gently swab surface esophageal cells. When vacuum suction is applied,
the balloon and sampled cells are pulled into the capsule, protecting them from contamination and dilution by cells outside of the targeted
region during device withdrawal. We believe this proprietary Collect+Protect technology makes EsoCheck the only noninvasive esophageal
cell collection device capable of such anatomically targeted and protected sampling. 

EsoGuard
and EsoCheck are based on patented technology licensed by Lucid from Case Western Reserve University CWRU ). EsoGuard and
EsoCheck have been developed to provide an accurate, non-invasive, patient-friendly screening test for the early detection of adenocarcinoma
of the esophagus EAC and Barrett s Esophagus BE ), including dysplastic BE and related pre-cursors
to EAC in patients with chronic gastroesophageal reflux GERD ). 

Market
Opportunity 

In
2023, approximately 20,000 U.S. GERD patients are projected to be diagnosed with EAC and approximately 16,000 will die from it. Over
80 of EAC patients will die within five years of diagnosis, making it the second most lethal cancer in the U.S. The U.S. incidence of
EAC has increased 500 over the past four decades, while the incidences of other common cancers have declined or remained flat. In nearly
all cases, EAC silently progresses until it manifests itself with new symptoms of advanced disease. EAC is nearly always invasive at
diagnosis, and, unlike other common cancers, mortality rates are high even in its earlier stages. 

As
discussed below under the heading Clinical Guidelines for At-Risk Population , the American Gastroenterology Association AGA recently significantly expanded the target population for esophageal precancer screening, recommending screening
in at-risk patients without symptoms of GERD. Based on this revision, we believe the cohort recommended for screening consists of an
estimated 30 million U.S. individuals with at least 3 established risk factors for BE. Accordingly, we believe EsoGuard s total
addressable U.S. market opportunity exceeds 60 billion based on an effective Medicare payment of 1,938 and the estimated 30 million
U.S. patients recommended for screening by clinical practice guidelines. (In December 2019, we secured gapfill determination
for EsoGuard s PLA code 0114U through the CMS CLFS process. This allowed us to engage directly with Medicare contractor Palmetto
GBA and its MolDx Program on CMS payment and coverage. In October 2020, CMS granted EsoGuard final Medicare payment determination of
 1,938.01, effective January 1, 2021.) 

1 

Unfortunately,
for a variety of reasons, less than 10 of at-risk patients who are recommended for screening undergo traditional invasive upper gastrointestinal
endoscopy (EGD). We believe that the profound tragedy of an EAC diagnosis is that likely death could have been prevented if the at-risk
patient had been screened and then undergone surveillance and curative endoscopic esophageal ablation of dysplastic BE. 

Since
mortality rates are high even in early stage EAC, preventing EAC deaths requires detection and intervention at the precancer stage. Most
of the necessary elements for such an early detection program are already well established an at-risk population (at-risk GERD
patients), a precancer (BE), and an intervention which can halt progression to EAC (endoscopic esophageal ablation). The only missing
element for such an early detection program is a widespread screening tool that can detect BE prior to EAC. 

We
believe EsoGuard, used with EsoCheck, constitutes that missing element the first and only commercially available diagnostic test
capable of serving as a widespread screening tool to prevent EAC deaths through early detection of esophageal precancer and cancer in
patients with 3 or more risk factors. 

Clinical
Guidelines for At-Risk Population 

The
subgroup of long-standing or severe GERD patients at-risk for BE and progression to EAC is well defined in clinical practice guidelines,
including the American College of Gastroenterology (ACG) BE Guidelines. In its Recommendation 5, the ACG suggests a single screening
endoscopy in patients with chronic GERD symptoms and 3 or more additional risk factors for BE, including male sex, age greater than 50
years, White race, tobacco smoking, obesity, and family history of BE or EAC in a first-degree relative. 

An
ACG clinical guideline entitled Diagnosis and Management of Barrett s Esophagus: An Updated ACG Guideline , 
the first such update since 2016, was published online last year in the American Journal of Gastroenterology. The clinical guideline
reiterates the ACG s long-standing recommendation for esophageal precancer screening in at-risk patients with GERD. For the first
time, however, the clinical guideline also endorses nonendoscopic biomarker screening as an acceptable alternative to costly and invasive
endoscopy stating that a swallowable nonendoscopic capsule device combined with a biomarker is an acceptable alternative to endoscopy
for BE. The clinical guideline specifically mentions EsoCheck, along with Lucid s EsophaCap device, as such swallowable,
nonendoscopic esophageal cell collection devices, as well as methylated DNA biomarkers such as EsoGuard. The summary of evidence for
this recommendation includes a reference to the seminal NIH-funded, multicenter, case-control study published in 2018 in Science Translational
Medicine , which demonstrated that EsoGuard is highly accurate at detecting esophageal precancer and cancer, including on samples
collected with EsoCheck. 

In
July 2022, the AGA published in their Clinical Practice Update on New Technology and Innovation for Surveillance and Screening
in Barrett s Esophagus updated clinical guidance that mirrors the same furnished by the ACG as described above, endorsing
the use of non-endoscopic cell collection tools to screen for BE like our EsoCheck Cell Collection Device, which is cited in the update,
as an acceptable alternative to endoscopy to directly address the need for noninvasive screening tools that are easy to administer, patient
friendly, and cost-effective for the detection of BE. The clinical practice update by the AGA also significantly expands the target population
for esophageal precancer screening, including for EsoGuard and EsoCheck, by recommending, for the first time, screening in at-risk patients
without symptoms of GERD. The AGA does so by adding a history of chronic GERD as merely an additional, seventh risk factor to the six
risk factors for BE and EAC that have traditionally identified at-risk symptomatic patients recommended for screening. 

Commercialization 

Our
EsoGuard commercialization efforts span multiple channels including targeting primary care physicians and GI physicians, who have generally
embraced our message that EsoGuard has the potential to expand the funnel of BE-EAC patients who will need long term EGD surveillance
and, potentially, treatment with endoscopic esophageal ablation. 

To
assure sufficient testing capacity and geographic coverage, we have built our own network of Lucid Test Centers, staffed by Lucid-employed
clinical personnel, where patients can undergo the EsoCheck procedure and have the sample sent for EsoGuard testing at Lucid s
CLIA-certified laboratory. Our current test center network currently includes locations in metropolitan areas in Arizona, California,
Colorado, Florida, Idaho, Illinois, Nevada, Ohio, Oregon, Texas and Utah. 

In
addition to our base test center network, Lucid has established a satellite test center program, whereby we are expanding our footprint
by making our personnel available to perform cell collection services in physician offices. Further, we have sought to expand our outreach
by successfully conducting multiple #CheckYourFoodTube Precancer Testing Event for organizations such as the San Antonio
Fire Department, where samples are collected from the organization s employees for testing with EsoGuard at Lucid s CLIA-certified
laboratory. 

We
have also established an EsoGuard Telemedicine Program, in partnership with UpScript, LLC, an independent third-party telemedicine provider,
that accommodates EsoGuard self-referrals from direct-to-consumer marketing. 

Reimbursement
and Market Access 

As
noted above, in December 2019, we secured gapfill determination for EsoGuard s PLA code 0114U through the CMS CLFS
process. This allowed us to engage directly with Medicare contractor Palmetto GBA and its MolDx Program on CMS payment and coverage.
In October 2020, CMS granted EsoGuard final Medicare payment determination of 1,938.01, effective January 1, 2021. 

2 

A
proposed Local Coverage Determination LCD DL39256, entitled Molecular Testing for Detection of Upper Gastrointestinal
Metaplasia, Dysplasia, and Neoplasia was published recently on the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS website by MAC Palmetto GBA. The proposed LCD is a further step in Lucid s efforts to secure Medicare coverage and payment for
EsoGuard. The proposed LCD, which the CMS website explicitly characterizes as a work in progress for public review, 
outlines criteria that MolDX expects upper gastrointestinal precancer and cancer molecular diagnostic tests to meet. These criteria include
active GERD with at least two risk factors, as well as evidence of analytic validity, clinical validity, and clinical utility. Although
the proposed LCD indicated that it found that no currently existing test has fulfilled all criteria, it indicated that it will monitor
the evidence and will provide coverage based on the pertinent literature and society recommendations. Notably, the proposed LCD
pre-dated, and therefore does not include consideration of, the most recent AGA clinical practice update endorsing swallowable, nonendoscopic
capsule devices combined with a biomarker, such as EsoCheck and EsoGuard, as an alternative to endoscopy. The publication of the proposed
LCD triggers a written comment period, and MolDX also held an open meeting on May 10, 2022, during which stakeholders and other interested
parties will have the opportunity to address the proposed LCD. We presented at the public meeting and made a written submission during
the comment period as well. A final LCD will not be issued until the MAC has had the opportunity to assess and consider all stakeholder
comments. 

While
we await a Palmetto MolDX LCD coverage determination, Lucid is aggressively pursuing EsoGuard commercial insurer payment and coverage.
Although the claim adjudication cycle can be prolonged during the early commercialization of a new test, Lucid has received out-of-network
commercial insurance payments for the EsoGuard test, and has entered into agreements with insurers that provide access to, in the aggregate,
over 70 million patients. 

Clinical
Utility and Clinical Trials 

Demonstrating
EsoGuard s clinical utility, which requires providing evidence that the test has a meaningful impact on clinical practice, is very
important for a variety of purposes, including, importantly, for Medicare and private payor payment and coverage. It has been established
that one of the most important factors to private payors in deciding whether to grant payment and coverage will be demonstration that
the EsoGuard test, when ordered by physicians, provides information that can be used to
identify or exclude patients who would benefit from additional management and/or treatment. Clinical utility studies are also important
for general EsoGuard commercialization by facilitating physician understanding of test indications and potential benefit to the patients. 

We
are currently seeking to accelerate our collection of clinical utility data through a range of trials that can be efficiently executed.
These efforts include a planned investigator-initiated, retrospective analysis of prospectively collected data on the approximately 400
San Antonio fire fighters who underwent testing as part of a community-sponsored cancer awareness event (in
respect of which we expect to publish results in the first half of 2023) ; an ongoing investigator-initiated, retrospective, single-center,
study with 500 patients (in respect of which we expect to publish results mid-2023), a virtual-patient randomized controlled trial with
intended recruitment of 100-200 physician participants (in respect of which we expect to publish
results this year) ; a Lucid-sponsored multi-center, prospective, observational study with 500 patients; and a Lucid-sponsored
registry at existing Lucid Test Centers, whereby all patients undergoing EsoCheck testing will be given the opportunity to provide informed
consent and contribute data about their risk factors, EsoGuard results, and subsequent diagnostic and/or therapeutic journey. Both Lucid-sponsored
observational/registry studies expect to have preliminary results and/or interim analysis before the end of 2023. 

As
previously disclosed, consequently, we have decided to delay for the time being the two previously commenced clinical trials, the EsoGuard
screening study BE-1 and the EsoGuard case-control study BE-2 ), as we are devoting
our clinical resources to the studies cited above, which we expect will more efficiently generate the clinical data we are currently
prioritizing to drive EsoGuard commercialization. 

Manufacturing 

EsoCheck
is currently manufactured for us by our partners Coastline International, a high-volume device manufacturer, and Sage Product
Development. Through mid-2023, we expect to further transition from Sage to Coastline as the manufacturing process is further
optimized. Our current line capacity can produce up to 25,000 units per year. With Coastline s improvement and expansion,
there is capacity to scale exponentially. Our EsoGuard Specimen Kits are currently manufactured for us by our partner Path-Tec. The
warehousing, logistics, fulfillment and customer support of our products is managed for us by our partners HealthLink International
(a leading third-party logistics company) and Path-Tec. 

License
Agreement 

Under
the terms of Lucid s license agreement with Case Western Reserve University CWRU ), Lucid acquired an exclusive worldwide
right to use the intellectual property rights to the EsoGuard and EsoCheck technology for the detection of changes in the esophagus and
on sample preservation. Lucid is required to pay CWRU royalties on net sales of licensed products as follows: 5 of net sales of less
than 100 million per year; and 8 of net sales greater than 100 million per year. Lucid is also required to pay CWRU minimum annual
royalty payments as follows: 50,000 per year, beginning January 1 following the first anniversary of a commercial sale of a licensed
product; 150,000 per year, if net sales of a licensed product exceed 25 million in a year; 300,000 per year, if net sales of a licensed
product exceed 50 million in a year; and 600,000 per year, if net sales of a licensed product exceed 100 million in a year. Minimum
yearly royalty amounts are subject to increase based on the percentage change in the CPI-W Consumer Price Index and are credited against
the royalties otherwise due. The license agreement was subject to four regulatory and commercialization milestones, of which one remains
unachieved and unpaid. The remaining milestone is the FDA PMA submission of a licensed product, upon the achievement of which we will
pay CWRU a milestone payment of 200,000. The license agreement terminates upon the expiration of the last-to-expire licensed patent,
or on May 12, 2038, in countries where no such patents exist, or upon expiration of any exclusive marketing rights for a licensed product
that have been granted by FDA or other U.S. government agency, whichever comes later. The EsoCheck patents, which are currently the last
to expire, begin to expire in May 2035. 

3 

Regulatory 

In
June 2019, we received FDA 510(k) clearance to market EsoCheck in the U.S. as a device indicated for use in the collection and retrieval
of surface cells of the esophagus in adults followed by FDA 510(k) clearance in 2022, expanding the use of EsoCheck in adults and pediatric
populations in the U.S. In December 2019, our CLIA-certified then-laboratory partner, completed documentation of EsoGuard analytical
validity allowing us to commercialize it as a Laboratory Developed Test (LDT). 

In
February 2020, we received FDA Breakthrough Device Designation for EsoGuard as an in-vitro diagnostic IVD medical device. The FDA Breakthrough Device Program was created to offer patients more timely access to breakthrough technologies which
provide for more effective treatment or diagnosis of life-threatening or irreversibly debilitating human disease or conditions by expediting
their development, assessment and review through enhanced communications and more efficient and flexible clinical study design, including
more favorable pre/post market data collection balance. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services and the United States Congress
continue to work to provide an expedited coverage pathway for emerging technologies. 

In
May 2021, we received CE Mark certification for EsoCheck (under the Medical Devices Directive 93/42/EEC), and in June 2021, we completed
CE Mark self-certification for EsoGuard (under the European In-Vitro Diagnostic Devices Directive (IVDD 98/79/EC)), indicating both may
be marketed in CE Mark European countries. 

Our
longer-term strategy is to secure a specific indication, based on published guidelines, for BE screening in certain at-risk populations
using EsoGuard on samples collected with EsoCheck. This use of EsoGuard together with EsoCheck as a screening system must be cleared
or approved by the FDA as an IVD device. 

Laboratory
Operations 

On
February 25, 2022, our new, wholly owned subsidiary, LucidDx Labs Inc. LucidDx Labs ), acquired from RDx, certain licenses
and other related assets necessary for LucidDx Labs to operate its own new CLIA-certified, CAP-accredited clinical laboratory located
in Lake Forest, CA. Since March 2022, we have conducted EsoGuard testing at our own laboratory with, until recently, the assistance of
RDx, which had continued to provide certain testing and related services for the laboratory in accordance with the terms of a management
services agreement MSA-RDx ), dated and effective February 25, 2022. Recently, however, the Company accelerated the development
of internal resources necessary to operate the laboratory entirely on its own. Accordingly, Lucid s subsidiary LucidDx Labs and
RDx agreed terminate the MSA-RDx effective as of February 10, 2023, such that LucidDx Labs now operates the laboratory itself, which
the Company believes will improve the efficiency of the performance of the EsoGuard assay. 

Competition 

The
U.S. market for esophageal cancer (i.e., EAC) and pre-cancer (i.e., BE, with or without dysplasia) screening is large, consisting of
more than 30 million at-risk individuals over the age of 50. Given the large market for pre-cancer screening, we likely will face numerous
competitors, some of which possess significantly greater financial and other resources and development capabilities than us. Our EsoGuard
test faces competition from procedure-based detection technologies such as upper endoscopy, and other screening technologies such as
multi-cancer early detection products. Our EsoCheck device faces competition from other manufactures with devices designed to collect
cell samples from targeted regions of the esophagus. For example, Cytosponge is a small mesh sponge within a soluble gelatin capsule
that dissolves in the stomach and then is pulled thru the targeted region brushing the lining of the esophagus and then later retrieved,
although, unlike EsoCheck, it is unprotected from contamination. Our competitors may also be developing additional methods of detecting
esophageal cancer and pre-cancer that have not yet been announced. 

Accordingly,
the market for our products is highly competitive and is characterized by extensive research and clinical efforts and rapid technological
change. In order to compete effectively, EsoGuard and EsoCheck will have to achieve market acceptance, receive adequate insurance coverage
and reimbursement, be cost effective and be simultaneously safe and effective. We believe that the principal competitive factors in our
markets are: 

diagnostic accuracy and the quality of outcomes for medical conditions; 

acceptance by physicians and the medical device market generally; 

ease of use and reliability; 

technical leadership and superiority; 

effective marketing and distribution; 

speed to market; and 

product price and qualification for coverage and reimbursement. 

Most
of our existing and potential competitors have substantially greater financial, marketing, sales, distribution, manufacturing and technological
resources. We may be unable to compete effectively against our competitors either because their products and services are superior or
more cost efficient, or because of they have access to greater resources than us. These competitors may have greater name recognition
than we do. Many of these competitors have obtained all desirable FDA or other regulatory approvals, and superior patent protection,
for their products. Certain of our competitors have already commercialized their products, and others may commercialize their products
in advance of our products. In addition, our competitors may make technical advances that render our products obsolete. We may be unable
to respond to such technical advances. 

4 

Veris
Cancer Care Platform 

Overview 

In
May 2021, we formed Veris Health, a majority-owned subsidiary, focused on digital health technology. In connection with its formation,
Veris Health acquired Oncodisc, a digital health company with groundbreaking tools to improve personalized cancer care through remote
patient monitoring. Oncodisc s core technologies include the first intelligent implantable vascular access port with biologic sensors
and wireless communication, combined with an oncologist-designed remote digital healthcare platform that provides patients and physicians
with new tools to improve outcomes and optimize the delivery of cost-effective care through remote monitoring and data analytics. 

Oncodisc
was founded in 2018 experienced physician entrepreneurs, James Mitchell, M.D., who joined Veris Health as its full-time Chief Medical
Officer, and Andrew Thoreson, M.D., who serves as a Veris Health consultant. They previously co-founded Redsmith, Inc., an interventional
catheter company whose technology was acquired by C.R. Bard Inc., now BD Inc. (NYSE: BDX). Oncodisc received a National Science Foundation NSF Small Business Innovation Research SBIR grant award to support its early work and completed both
the MedTech Innovator Accelerator and UCSF Rosenman Institute Accelerator programs. 

The
Veris Cancer Care Platform CCP is a digital cancer care platform with physiologic data collection, symptom reporting
and telehealth functions, designed to improve personalized cancer care through remote patient monitoring. Cancer patients enrolled in
the Veris CCP receive a VerisBox with Veris-branded Bluetooth enabled connected health care devices. The devices transmit clinical
data to cancer care teams to detect early signs of common cancer-related complications, provide longitudinal trends of physiologic and
clinical data, and offer data-driven risk management tools for precision oncology. Veris CCP integrates directly with practices 
and systems Electronic Health Record EHR systems, allowing care teams to easily view and interact with this data.
We are also currently developing a groundbreaking implantable physiologic monitor containing biologic sensors capable of generating continuous
data on key physiologic parameters known to predict adverse outcomes in cancer patients undergoing treatment. The implantable will seamlessly
interact with the Veris CCP. These technologies are the subject of multiple patent applications and one issued patent. 

Veris
Health leverages a business-to-business sales model. Its software-as-a-service recurring-revenue business model seeks to generate 100 
recurring revenue through oncology practice and hospital-based subscriptions. These entities pay monthly fees for each patient on the
platform, through which they are able to drive revenues from remote physiologic monitoring (and, in the future, device implantation)
under existing CPT codes, as well as through the upcoming CMS Enhancing Oncology Model (EOM) bonuses and incentives. Veris also plans
to build a commercialization model around the oncology data it is collecting. We have identified multiple potential use cases across
a number of verticals, including clinical trials, commercial use cases, and as a means to improve patient care. 

In
addition to targeting the oncology market, Veris plans to expand into the hospital-at-home market, cardiovascular diseases, end-stage
renal disease, and lung disorders like COPD. We have already initiated R D efforts around an enhanced implantable cardiac monitor
capable of detecting cardiac arrhythmias and other physiologic parameters critical for high-risk cardiac patients. Future devices will
combine novel sensing technology with seamless communication, engaging user interface design, and data analytics driving actionable clinical
insights for patients with congestive heart failure. These technologies will then be expanded for high-risk kidney disease and pulmonary
patients. 

Market
Opportunity 

In
2022, approximately 1.9 million people in the U.S. were newly diagnosed with cancer, and cancer incidence in the U.S. is expected to
continue to increase. Cancer patients face high rates of complications during the courses of their treatment which drive poor patient
outcomes and healthcare costs. One driver of these issues is avoidable hospitalizations. We believe Veris Health s offerings can
help drive costs down and improve outcomes through providing care teams with better, more continuous data. 

Based
on the aforementioned cancer prevalence in the U.S. and our current business model, we believe Veris Health s total addressable
U.S. market opportunity exceeds 2 billion. In the future, we believe this opportunity will only expand through the implantable physiologic
monitor, data commercialization, and the expansion into other markets aside from oncology. 

Commercialization/Sales 

Our
Veris commercialization efforts have targeted the full spectrum of oncology care providers, with a focus on independent oncology practices,
participants in CMS s Oncology Care Model (OCM) and EOM, and innovative, progressive health systems. The growing adoption of value-based
models has provided a strong tailwind, as the Veris CCP addresses many requirements of these programs, including electronic Patient Reported
Outcomes ePROs and the use of data for quality improvement. 

Manufacturing 

The
components comprising the Veris Cancer Care Platform are currently supplied to us by our partners TransTek and their U.S.-based subsidiary,
Mio Labs. Each has passed a SOC-2 audit by an outside auditor. The final packaging of the overall box and order fulfillment is managed
by Impilo, a partner with TransTek and Mio Labs. The customer support is currently managed internally, while partnering with Zendesk
for customer service management. 

5 

Regulatory 

The
Veris CCP software is considered a non-device Medical Device Data System MDDS that is excluded from the statutory definition
of a medical device under the FDC Act and as confirmed in the FDA s MDDS Guidance: Medical Device Data Systems, Medical Image Storage
Devices, and Medical Image Communications Devices. Therefore, Veris CCP is not subject to the FDA s regulatory requirements for
devices. 

Veris
Health is also developing an implantable cardiac monitor and is currently interacting with the FDA via pre-submission process, seeking
agreement on regulatory strategy and required testing to seek clearance of the monitor. We current plan to make our 510(k) submission
for the implantable monitor in late 2023. 

As
Veris Health is currently sourcing the devices included in the VerisBox from the third-party 510(k) holders for those products,
such holders are responsible for any losses, damages, claims or other liabilities that may arise with respect to those devices used with
the Veris CCP software, notwithstanding Veris Health commercial branding being added to the devices or the devices packaging. 

Competition 

The
U.S. market for cancer patient care is large. There are many existing competitors in the remote patient monitoring space, some of which
possess significantly greater financial and other resources and development capabilities than us. Our Veris CCP faces competition from
other digital care platforms providing many of the same features, including EHR integration and remote patient monitoring capabilities.
While we are not aware of other implantable physiologic monitors containing biologic sensors, our competitors may also be developing
similar devices that have not yet been announced. 

Product
Pipeline 

Below
is a summary of certain of the other leading products within our development pipeline. While we currently are devoting substantially
all of our resources to the acceleration of EsoGuard and Veris Cancer Care Platform commercialization, as resources permit, we will continue
to explore innovative technologies, such as our EsoCure, CarpX and NextFlo products as more fully described below, that fulfill our project
selection criteria without limiting ourselves to any target specialty or condition. 

Esocure 

In
connection with our efforts to expand our presence in the EAC diagnostic market, we are also developing the EsoCure Esophageal Ablation
Device, with the intent to allow a clinician to treat dysplastic BE before it can progress to EAC, a highly lethal esophageal cancer,
and to do so without the need for complex and expensive capital equipment. We have successfully completed a pre-clinical feasibility
animal study of EsoCure demonstrating excellent, controlled circumferential ablation of the esophageal mucosal lining. An acute and survival
animal study of EsoCure Esophageal Ablation Device has also been completed, demonstrating successful direct thermal balloon catheter
ablation of esophageal lining through the working channel of a standard endoscope. When resources permit, we plan to conduct additional
development work and animal testing of EsoCure to support a future FDA 510(k) submission. 

CarpX 

CarpX
is a patented, single-use, disposable, minimally invasive surgical device for use in the treatment of carpal tunnel syndrome. We believe
CarpX is designed to allow the physician to relieve the compression on the median nerve without an open incision or the need for endoscopic
or other imaging equipment, and therefore will be significantly less invasive than existing treatments. To use CarpX, the operator first
advances a guidewire through the carpal tunnel under the ligament, and then advanced over the wire and positioned in the carpal tunnel
under ultrasonic and/or fluoroscopic guidance. When the CarpX balloon is inflated it creates tension in the ligament positioning the
cutting electrodes underneath it and creates space within the tunnel, providing anatomic separation between the target ligament and critical
structures such as the median nerve. Radiofrequency energy is briefly delivered to the electrodes, rapidly cutting the ligament, and
relieving the pressure on the nerve. We believe CarpX will be significantly less invasive than existing treatments. 

CarpX
received FDA 510(k) marketing clearance in April 2020, with the first commercial procedure successfully performed in December 2020. In
May 2021 European CE Mark Certification was received for CarpX. Our limited-release commercialization efforts through 2022 were focused
on engaging key opinion hand surgeons designed to solicit input for ergonomic improvements to the device, procedure development and surgical-time
optimization, and ease of use. As a result of this clinical input, we have initiated a product development project to incorporate intraluminal
ultrasound into the device to include real time imaging of the ligament to be cut together with critical anatomic structures, and will
continue to pursue that project, as resources permit. 

PortIO 

Our
PortIO implantable intraosseous vascular access device is being developed as a means for infusing fluids, medications and other substances
directly into the bone marrow cavity and from there into the central venous circulation. The intraosseous route provides a means for
infusing fluids, medications and other substances directly into the bone marrow cavity which communicates with the central venous circulation
via nutrient and emissary veins. This route is well established, having been used for decades in a variety of settings including trauma,
especially military trauma, and pediatric emergencies. It has been shown to be bioequivalent to the intravenous route. Complication rates
are low and there are few contraindications. Currently available intraosseous devices pass through the skin into the bone and are therefore
limited to short term use. PortIO is a novel, implantable intraosseous vascular access device which does not require accessing the central
venous system and does not have an indwelling intravascular component. It is designed to be highly resistant to occlusion and, we believe,
may not require regular flushing. It features simplified, near-percutaneous insertion and removal, without the need for surgical dissection
or radiographic confirmation. 

6 

Recent
Developments 

Business

Status
of Lucid Clinical Trials 

Lucid
is currently seeking to accelerate our collection of clinical utility data through a range of trials that can be efficiently executed.
These efforts include a planned investigator-initiated, retrospective analysis of prospectively collected data on the approximately 400
San Antonio fire fighters who underwent testing as part of a community-sponsored cancer awareness event (in
respect of which we expect to publish results in the first half of 2023) ; an ongoing investigator-initiated, retrospective, single-center,
study with 500 patients (in respect of which we expect to publish results mid-2023), a virtual-patient randomized controlled trial with
intended recruitment of 100-200 physician participants (in respect of which we expect to publish
results this year) ; a Lucid-sponsored multi-center, prospective, observational study with 500 patients; and a Lucid-sponsored
registry at existing Lucid Test Centers, whereby all patients undergoing EsoCheck testing will be given the opportunity to provide informed
consent and contribute data about their risk factors, EsoGuard results, and subsequent diagnostic and/or therapeutic journey. Both Lucid-sponsored
observational/registry studies expect to have preliminary results and/or interim analysis before the end of 2023. 

As
previously disclosed, consequently, Lucid has decided to delay for the time being the two previously commenced clinical trials, the EsoGuard
screening study BE-1 and the EsoGuard case-control study BE-2 ), as Lucid is devoting
our clinical resources to the studies cited above, which we expect will more efficiently generate the clinical data Lucid is currently
prioritizing to drive EsoGuard commercialization. 

LucidDx
Labs Laboratory Operations Update 

On
February 14, 2023, Lucid Diagnostics and LucidDx Labs Inc. entered into an agreement (the MSA Termination Agreement with RDx, pursuant to which the parties mutually agreed to terminate the MSA-RDx without cause. The termination was effective as February
10, 2023. Until the termination of the MSA-RDx, RDx had continued to provide certain testing and related services for the Laboratory
in accordance with the terms of the MSA-RDx. Recently, however, Lucid accelerated the development of internal resources necessary to
operate the Laboratory entirely on its own. Accordingly, the Company believes that termination of the MSA-RDx will improve the efficiency
of the performance of the EsoGuard assay. 

Among
other things, the MSA Termination Agreement reduces the remaining amounts of the earnout payments and management fees due under the APA-RDx
and the MSA-RDx to 725,000 (from the 3,450,000 that would otherwise have been payable under the APA and MSA if the MSA had remained
in effect through the balance of its stated term), resulting in a net savings to Lucid Diagnostics of 2,725,000. The payment was satisfied
through the issuance of 553,436 shares of Lucid Diagnostics common stock on February 25, 2023. Lucid Diagnostics was not required
to make any cash payments in connection with the termination. 

#CheckYourFoodTube
Events 

In
January 2023, Lucid successfully completed its first #CheckYourFoodTube Precancer Testing Event, in partnership with Rachelle Hamblin,
M.D., M.P.H., and the San Antonio Fire Department (SAFD), to detect esophageal precancer in at-risk members of the department. The SAFD
testing event was held over two weekends in January, which has been designated as Firefighter Cancer Awareness Month by the International
Association of Fire Fighters (IAFF). A total of 391 members, nearly one-quarter of the department, who were deemed by Dr. Hamblin to
be at-risk for esophageal precancer, underwent a brief, on-site, noninvasive cell collection procedure, performed by Lucid clinical personnel
using its EsoCheck Esophageal Cell Collection Device. Firefighters with suspected esophageal precancer based on a positive
EsoGuard result were identified, including some less than forty years of age, and will undergo appropriate monitoring and treatment,
as indicated by clinical practice guidelines, to prevent progression to esophageal cancer. These events, which Lucid looks to expand
across the country, are an extension of Lucid s recently introduced and expanding satellite Lucid Test Center (sLTC) program, which
brings our precancer testing directly to patients at their physician s office and now at large testing day events. Lucid
demonstrated that its nurse practitioners can each perform up to fifty EsoCheck procedures in a day, and its laboratory team handled
over two hundred incoming samples in a day, while maintaining turnaround times at target. These successes provide an excellent foundation
for future testing events as we continue to drive EsoGuard commercialization using all the tools at our disposal. 

Veris
Health Commercialization Update 

In
December 2022, Veris Health signed a license agreement for the Veris CCP software with its first customer, New Jersey Cancer Care. Since,
Veris Health onboarded the first cohort of patients of that practice onto the Veris CCP as well, and has signed license agreements with
two additional cancer centers. These successes lay the groundwork for Veris Health s expansion plans with respect to the Veris
CCP software as it seeks to onboard cancer centers and patients across the country. 

NASDAQ
Notice 

On
December 29, 2022, the Company received a notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq stating that, for the prior 30
consecutive business days (through December 28, 2022), the closing bid price of the Company s common stock had been below the minimum
of 1 per share required for continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). The notification letter
stated that the Company would be afforded 180 calendar days (until June 27, 2023) to regain compliance. In order to regain compliance,
the closing bid price of the Company s common stock must be at least 1 for a minimum of ten consecutive business days. In February
2023, the Company distributed a proxy statement for a special meeting of shareholders to be held on March 31, 2023 (the Special
Meeting ), at which the Company will be seeking approval of an amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, to
effect, at any time prior to the one-year anniversary date of the Special Meeting, (i) a reverse split of the Company s outstanding
shares of common stock at a specific ratio, ranging from 1-for-5 to 1-for-15, to be determined by the board of directors of the Company
in its sole discretion, and (ii) an associated reduction in the number of shares of common stock the Company is authorized to issue,
from 250,000,000 shares to 50,000,000 shares. If the proposed reverse stock split is approved, the Company anticipates it will regain
compliance with the Nasdaq requirements for continued listing. 

7 

Payroll and Benefit Expense Reimbursement Agreement 

On
November 30, 2022, PAVmed and Lucid entered into a payroll and benefit expense reimbursement agreement (the PBERA ). Historically,
PAVmed has paid for certain payroll and benefit-related expenses in respect of Lucid s personnel on behalf of Lucid, and
Lucid has reimbursed PAVmed for the same. Pursuant to the PBERA, PAVmed will continue to pay such expenses, and Lucid will continue to
reimburse PAVmed for the same. The PBERA now provides that the expenses will be reimbursed on a quarterly basis or at such other frequency
as the parties may determine, in cash or, subject to approval by the board of directors of each of PAVmed and Lucid, in shares of Lucid s
common stock, with such shares valued at the volume weighted average price of such stock during the final ten trading days preceding
the later of the two dates on which such stock issuance is approved by the board of directors of each of PAVmed and Lucid (subject to
a floor price of 0.40 per share), or in a combination of cash and shares. However, in no event shall Lucid issue any shares of its common
stock to PAVmed in satisfaction of all or any portion of the expenses if the issuance of such shares of its common stock would exceed
the maximum number of shares of common stock that the Issuer may issue under the rules or regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ), unless Lucid obtains the approval of its stockholders as required by the applicable rules of the Nasdaq for issuances
of shares of its common stock in excess of such amount. 

Financing 

Securities
Purchase Agreement - March 31, 2022 - Senior Secured Convertible Note - April 4, 2022 and Senior Secured Convertible Note - September
8, 2022 

Effective
as of March 31, 2022, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement SPA with an accredited institutional investor Investor ,
 Lender , and /or Holder ), pursuant to which we agreed to sell, and the Investor agreed to purchase an aggregate
of 50.0 million face value principal of Senior Secured Convertible Notes. The SPA provided for the sale to the Investor of an initial
Senior Secured Convertible Note with a face value principal of 27.5 million, which closed on April 4, 2022 (the April 2022 Senior
Convertible Note ). The SPA also provided for sales of additional Senior Secured Convertible Notes in one or more additional closings
(upon the satisfaction of certain conditions), with an aggregate face value principal of up to an additional 22.5 million. The April
2022 Senior Convertible Note proceeds were 24.4 million after deducting a 2.5 million lender fee and the Company s offering costs
of approximately 0.6 million, inclusive primarily of 0.5 million placement agent fees. 

On
September 8, 2022, we completed an additional closing under the SPA, in which we sold to the Investor an additional Senior Secured Convertible
Note with a face value principal of 11.25 million (the September 2022 Senior Convertible Note ). The September 2022 Senior
Convertible Note proceeds were 10.0 million after deducting a 1.0 million lender fee and the Company s offering costs of approximately
 0.2 million, inclusive primarily of placement agent fees. 

See
our accompanying consolidated financial statements Note 14, Debt , for further discussion of the SPA dated March 31, 2022 and the
senior convertible notes. 

Lucid
Diagnostics Inc. - Committed Equity Facility and ATM Facility 

In
March 2022, our majority-owned subsidiary, Lucid Diagnostics, entered into a committed equity facility with an affiliate of Cantor Fitzgerald Cantor ). Under the terms of the facility, Cantor committed to purchase up to 50 million of Lucid Diagnostics common stock
from time to time upon the request of Lucid Diagnostics. While there are distinct differences, the facility is structured similarly to
a traditional at-the-market equity facility, insofar as it allows Lucid Diagnostics to raise primary capital on a periodic basis at prices
based on the existing market price. Through December 31, 2022, 680,263 shares of common stock of Lucid Diagnostics were issued under
this facility for total proceeds of approximately 1.8 million. 

In
November 2022, Lucid Diagnostics also entered into an at-the-market offering for up to 6.5 million of its common stock
that may be offered and sold under a Controlled Equity Offering Agreement between Lucid Diagnostics and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. In
the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no Lucid Diagnostics shares sold through their at-the-market equity facility. Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, through March 9, 2023, Lucid Diagnostics sold 230,068 shares through its at-the-market equity facility for approximately
 0.3 million. 

Lucid
Diagnostics - Series A Preferred Stock Offering 

On
March 7, 2023, Lucid entered into subscription agreements for the sale of 13,625 shares (the Lucid Series A
Preferred Stock ). Each share of the Lucid Series A Preferred Stock has a stated value of 1,000 and a conversion price of
 1.394. The terms of the Lucid Series A Preferred Stock also include a one times preference on liquidation and a right to receive
dividends equal to 20 of the number of shares of Lucid common stock into which such Lucid Series A Preferred Stock is convertible,
payable on the one-year and two-year anniversary of the issuance date. The Lucid Series A Preferred Stock is a non-voting security,
other than with respect to limited matters related to changes in terms of the Lucid Series A Preferred Stock. The aggregate gross
proceeds from the sale of shares in such offering were 13.625
million. 

Lucid
Diagnostics - Private Placement - Securities Purchase Agreement 

Effective
as of March 13, 2023, Lucid entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement Lucid SPA with an accredited
institutional investor Lucid Investor , Lucid Lender , and /or Lucid Holder ), pursuant to
which Lucid agreed to sell, and the Lucid Investor agreed to purchase a Senior Secured Convertible Note with a face value principal
of up to 11.1 million (the March 2023 Lucid Senior Convertible Note ). The issuance of the March 2023 Lucid Senior
Convertible Note is subject to customary closing conditions. 

The
March 2023 Lucid Senior Secured Convertible Note would have a 7.875 annual stated interest rate, a contractual conversion price of 5.00
per share of Lucid s common stock (subject to standard adjustments in the event of any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination,
recapitalization or other similar transaction), and a contractual maturity date of the two-year anniversary of the date of issuance.
The March 2023 Lucid Senior Convertible Note would be convertible into or otherwise paid in shares of Lucid s common stock. 

8 

Under
the March 2023 Lucid Senior Convertible Note, Lucid is and would be subject to certain customary affirmative and
negative covenants regarding the incurrence of indebtedness, the existence of liens, the repayment of indebtedness and the making of
investments, the payment of cash in respect of dividends, distributions or redemptions, the transfer of assets, the maturity of
other indebtedness, and transactions with affiliates, among other customary matters. Under the March 2023 Lucid Senior Convertible Note, Lucid would also be subject to financial
covenants requiring that (i) the amount of Lucid s available cash equal or exceed 5.0 million at all times, (ii) the ratio of (a) the
outstanding principal amount of the notes issued under the Lucid SPA, accrued and unpaid interest thereon and accrued and unpaid
late charges to (b) Lucid s average market capitalization over the prior ten trading days, not exceed 30 , and (iii) that
Lucid s market capitalization shall at no time be less than an amount to be agreed upon. 

Intellectual
Property 

Our
business depends on our ability to create or acquire proprietary medical device and diagnostics technologies to commercialize. We own
or have the right to use intellectual property rights, such as patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and know-how, pertaining
to our EsoCheck and EsoGuard technology, our Veris technology and our EsoCure, CarpX and PortIO products, among other technologies and
products. 

We
intend to vigorously protect our proprietary technologies intellectual property rights in patents, trademarks and copyrights,
as available through registration in the United States and internationally. We currently have applied for, license or own 55 domestic
and foreign patents across 11 families of products, including patents protecting our EsoCheck, EsoGuard and Veris technology. The date
the patents protecting certain of our owned and licensed technology will first begin to expire is as set forth in the table below (although
currently pending patent applications, both foreign and domestic, are positioned to provide protection beyond such date in each instance). 

Technology 
 Year 
 
 EsoCheck 
 May
 2034 
 
 EsoGuard 
 August
 2024 
 
 Veris
 Health 
 November
 2038 
 
 EsoCure 
 March
 2036 
 
 CarpX 
 November
 2037 
 
 PortIO 
 November
 2035 

Patent
protection and other proprietary rights are thus essential to our business. Our policy is to aggressively file patent applications to
protect our proprietary technologies including inventions and improvements to inventions. We seek patent protection, as appropriate,
on: 

the
 product itself including all embodiments with future commercial potential; 
 
 the
 methods of using the product; and 
 
 the
 methods of manufacturing the product. 

In
addition to filing and prosecuting patent applications in the United States, we intend to file counterpart patent applications in other
countries worldwide where there is a value in doing so. Foreign filings can be cumbersome and expensive, and we will pursue such filings
when we believe they are warranted as we try to balance our international commercialization plans with our desire to protect the global
value of the technology. 

The
term of individual patents depends upon the legal term of the patents in the countries in which they are obtained. In most countries
in which we file, the patent term is 20 years from the earliest date of filing a non-provisional patent application. In the United States,
a patent s term may be shortened if a patent is terminally disclaimed over another patent or as a result of delays in patent prosecution
by the patentee, and a patent s term may be lengthened by patent term adjustment (PTA), which compensates a patentee for administrative
delays by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office in granting a patent, or patent term extension, which restores time lost due to regulatory
delays. 

We
intend to continuously reassess and fine-tune our intellectual property strategy in order to fortify our position in the United States
and internationally. Prior to acquiring or licensing a technology from a third party, we will evaluate the existing proprietary rights,
our ability to adequately obtain and protect these rights and the likelihood or possibility of infringement upon competing rights of
others. 

We
also rely upon trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovation, and upon licensing opportunities, to develop and
maintain our competitive position. We intend to protect our proprietary rights through a variety of methods, including
confidentiality agreements and/or proprietary information agreements with suppliers, employees, consultants, independent contractors
and other entities who may have access to proprietary information. We will generally require employees to assign patents and other
intellectual property to us as a condition of employment with us. All of our consulting agreements will pre-emptively assign to us
all new and improved intellectual property that arise during the term of the agreement. 

PAVmed
also has (directly or through its subsidiaries) proprietary rights to a range of trademarks, including, among others, PAVmed ,
Lucid Diagnostics , LUCID , VERIS , Oncodisc , CarpX , EsoCheck , EsoGuard , EsoCheck Cell Collection
Device , Collect + Protect , EsoCure Esophageal Ablation Device , NextFlo , and PortIO . (Solely as a matter
of convenience, trademarks and trade names referred to herein may or may not be accompanied with the requisite marks of 
or . However, the absence of such marks is not intended to indicate, in any way, PAVmed Inc. or its subsidiaries will
not assert, to the fullest extent possible under applicable law, their respective rights to such trademarks and trade names.) 

9 

Health
Insurance Coverage and Reimbursement 

Our
ability to successfully commercialize our products will depend in part on the extent to which governmental authorities, private health
insurers and other third-party payors provide coverage for and establish adequate reimbursement levels for the procedures during which
our products are used. 

In
the United States, third-party payors continue to implement initiatives that restrict the use of certain technologies to those that meet
certain clinical evidentiary requirements. In addition to uncertainties surrounding coverage policies, there are periodic changes to
reimbursement. Third-party payors regularly update reimbursement amounts and also from time to time revise the methodologies used to
determine reimbursement amounts. This includes annual updates to payments to physicians, hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers for
procedures during which our products are used. An example of payment updates is the Medicare program s updates to hospital and
physician payments, which are done on an annual basis using a prescribed statutory formula. In the past, when the application of the
formula resulted in lower payment, Congress has passed interim legislation to prevent the reductions. 

A
product s reimbursement profile, both in the U.S. and internationally, is an important component of the product s commercial
opportunity. We prefer projects with existing reimbursement codes, the opportunity to seek reimbursement under higher-value surgical
procedure codes or the potential to seek reimbursement under narrow, product-specific codes as opposed to bundled procedure codes. For
those products that have high strategic value, but with less defined reimbursement, we have engaged reimbursement experts and support
from industry associations to accelerate the acquisition of satisfactory reimbursement levels. 

See
 EsoGuard and EsoCheck Reimbursement and Market Access above for a fuller discussion of the reimbursement status
for EsoCheck and EsoGuard. 

Competition
for New Medical Device Innovation 

Developing
and commercializing new products is highly competitive. The market is characterized by extensive research and clinical efforts and rapid
technological change. We face intense competition worldwide from medical device, biomedical technology and medical products and combination
products companies, including major medical products companies. We may be unable to respond to technological advances through the development
and introduction of new products. Most of our existing and potential competitors have substantially greater financial, marketing, sales,
distribution, manufacturing and technological resources. These competitors may also be in the process of seeking FDA or other regulatory
approvals, or patent protection, for new products. Our competitors may commercialize new products in advance of our products. Our products
also face competition from numerous existing products and procedures, some of which currently are considered part of the standard of
care. We believe the principal competitive factors in our markets are: 

the
 quality of outcomes for medical conditions; 

acceptance
 by surgeons and the medical device market generally; 

ease
 of use and reliability; 

technical
 leadership and superiority; 

effective
 marketing and distribution; 

speed
 to market; and 

product
 price and qualification for coverage and reimbursement. 

We
will also compete in the marketplace to recruit and retain qualified scientific, management and sales personnel, as well as in acquiring
technologies and licenses complementary to our products or advantageous to our business. We are aware of several companies that compete
or are developing technologies in our current and future products areas. In order to compete effectively, our products will have to achieve
market acceptance, receive adequate insurance coverage and reimbursement, be cost effective and be simultaneously safe and effective. 

See
 EsoGuard and EsoCheck Competition and Veris Cancer Care Platform Competition above
for a fuller discussion of the competitive environment for our key products, EsoCheck, EsoGuard and the Veris Cancer Care Platform. 

10 

Government
Regulation 

Key
U.S. Regulation 

FDA
Regulation 

Generally,
products we develop must be cleared by the FDA before they are marketed in the United States. Before and after approval or clearance
in the United States, our products are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA under the FDCA and/or the Public Health Service Act,
as well as by other regulatory bodies. FDA regulations govern, among other things, the development, testing, manufacturing, labeling,
safety, storage, recordkeeping, market clearance or approval, advertising and promotion, import and export, marketing and sales, and
distribution of medical devices and products. 

In
the United States, medical devices are subject to varying degrees of regulatory control and are classified in one of three classes depending
on the extent of controls the FDA determines are necessary to reasonably ensure their safety and efficacy: 

Class
 I: general controls, such as labeling and adherence to quality system regulations; 
 
 Class
 II: special controls, pre-market notification (often referred to as a 510(k) application),
 specific controls such as performance standards, patient registries, post-market surveillance,
 additional controls such as labeling and adherence to quality system regulations; and 
 
 Class
 III: special controls and approval of a PMA application. 

In
general, the higher the classification, the greater the time and cost to obtain approval to market. There are no standardized 
requirements for approval, even within each class. For example, the FDA could grant 510(k) status, but require a human clinical trial,
a typical requirement of a PMA. They could also initially assign a device Class III status but end up approving a device as a 510(k)
device if certain requirements are met. The range of the number and expense of the various requirements is significant. The quickest
and least expensive pathway would be 510(k) approval with just a review of existing data. The longest and most expensive path would be
a PMA with extensive randomized human clinical trials. We cannot predict how the FDA will classify our products, nor predict what requirements
will be placed upon us to obtain market approval, or even if they will approve our products at all. 

To
request marketing authorization by means of a 510(k) clearance, we must submit a pre-market notification demonstrating the proposed device
is substantially equivalent to another currently legally marketed medical device, has the same intended use, and is as safe and effective
as a currently legally marketed device and does not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness than does a currently legally
marketed device. 510(k) submissions generally include, among other things, a description of the device and its manufacturing, device
labeling, medical devices to which the device is substantially equivalent, safety and biocompatibility information, and the results of
performance testing. In some cases, a 510(k) submission must include data from human clinical studies. Marketing may commence only when
the FDA issues a clearance letter finding substantial equivalence. After a device receives 510(k) clearance, any product modification
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the product, or would constitute a significant change in intended use,
requires a new 510(k) clearance or, if the device would no longer be substantially equivalent, would require PMA, or possibly, a de novo
pathway under section 513(f)2 of the FDCA. In addition, any additional claims the Company wished to make at a later date may require
a PMA. If the FDA determines the product does not qualify for 510(k) clearance, they will issue a Not Substantially Equivalent letter,
at which point the Company must submit and the FDA must approve a PMA or issue premarket clearance using the de novo before marketing
can begin. 

In
1997, the Food and Drug Administration Modernization Act (FDAMA) added the de novo classification pathway under section 513(f)(2) of
the FD C Act, establishing an alternate pathway to classify new devices into Class I or II that had automatically been placed in
Class III after receiving a Not Substantially Equivalent (NSE) determination in response to a 510(k) submission. In this process, a sponsor
who receives an NSE determination may, within 30 days of receiving notice of the NSE determination, request FDA to make a risk-based
classification of the device under section 513(a)(1) of the Act. 

In
2012, section 513(f)(2) of the FD C Act was amended by section 607 of the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act
(FDASIA), to provide a second option for de novo classification. In this second pathway, a sponsor who determines there is no legally
marketed device upon which to base a determination of substantial equivalence may request FDA to make a risk-based classification of
the device under section 513(a)(1) of the Act without first submitting a 510(k). 

During
the review of a 510(k) submission, the FDA may request more information or additional studies and may decide the indications for which
we seek approval or clearance should be limited. In addition, laws and regulations and the interpretation of those laws and regulations
by the FDA may change in the future. We cannot foresee what effect, if any, such changes may have on us. 

FDA
Regulations will continue to change and evolve including the 2016-21st Century Cures Act which mandated the creation and revision of
policies and processes intended to speed patient access to new medical devices and codifying into law the FDA s expedited review
program for breakthrough devices for which EsoGuard was so designated. In 2017, the Food and Drug Administration Reauthorization Act
(FDARA) which included improvements to premarket review times and investments in strategic initiatives like the National Evaluation System
for health Technology (NEST) and patient input and decoupling accessory classification from classification of the parent device. We must
continue to be aware of these changes that possibly impact our development and commercialization work. The Company has a network of professionals
with extensive experience in these matters that advise us on both the pre-approval/clearance requirements as well as the post market
surveillance compliance obligations. 

11 

Clinical
Trials of Medical Technology 

One
or more clinical trials may be necessary to support an FDA submission. Clinical studies of unapproved or uncleared medical devices or
devices being studied for uses for which they are not approved or cleared (investigational devices) must be conducted in compliance with
FDA requirements. If an investigational device could pose a significant risk to patients, the sponsor company must submit an Investigational
Device Exemption, or IDE application to the FDA prior to initiation of the clinical study. An IDE application must be supported by appropriate
data, such as animal and laboratory test results, showing it is safe to test the device on humans and the testing protocol is scientifically
sound. The IDE will automatically become effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA unless the FDA notifies the company the investigation
may not begin. Clinical studies of investigational devices may not begin until an institutional review board IRB has
approved the study. 

During
any study, the sponsor must comply with the FDA s IDE requirements. These requirements include investigator selection, trial monitoring,
adverse event reporting, and record keeping. The investigators must obtain patient informed consent, rigorously follow the investigational
plan and study protocol, control the disposition of investigational devices, and comply with reporting and record keeping requirements.
We, the FDA, or the IRB at each institution at which a clinical trial is being conducted may suspend a clinical trial at any time for
various reasons, including a belief the subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable risk. During the approval or clearance process,
the FDA typically inspects the records relating to the conduct of one or more investigational sites participating in the study supporting
the application. 

Post-Approval
Regulation of Medical Devices 

After
a device is cleared or approved for marketing, numerous and pervasive regulatory requirements continue to apply. These include: 

the
 FDA Quality Systems Regulation (QSR), which governs, among other things, how manufacturers
 design, test manufacture, exercise quality control over, and document manufacturing of their
 products; 
 
 labeling
 and claims regulations, which prohibit the promotion of products for unapproved or off-label 
 uses and impose other restrictions on labeling; and, 
 
 the
 Medical Device Reporting regulation, which requires reporting to the FDA of certain adverse
 experience associated with use of the product. 

We
will continue to be subject to inspection by the FDA to determine our compliance with regulatory requirements. 

Manufacturing
cGMP Requirements 

Manufacturers
of medical devices are required to comply with FDA manufacturing requirements contained in the FDA s current Good Manufacturing
Practices (cGMP) set forth in the quality system regulations promulgated under section 520 of the FDCA. cGMP regulations require, among
other things, quality control and quality assurance as well as the corresponding maintenance of records and documentation. Failure to
comply with statutory and regulatory requirements subjects a manufacturer to possible legal or regulatory action, including the seizure
or recall of products, injunctions, consent decrees placing significant restrictions on or suspending manufacturing operations, and civil
and criminal penalties. Adverse experiences with the product must be reported to the FDA and could result in the imposition of marketing
restrictions through labeling changes or in product withdrawal. Product approvals may be withdrawn if compliance with regulatory requirements
is not maintained or if problems concerning safety or efficacy of the product occur following the approval. We expect to use contract
manufacturers to manufacture our products for the foreseeable future we will therefore be dependent on their compliance with these requirements
to market our products. We work closely with our contract manufacturers to assure our products are in strict compliance with these regulations. 

Laboratory
Certification, Accreditation and Licensing 

Lucid s
CLIA-certified laboratory is subject to U.S. and state laws and regulations regarding the operation of clinical laboratories. CLIA requirements
and laws of certain states, including those of California, New York, Maryland, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island and Florida, impose certification
requirements for clinical laboratories, and establish standards for quality assurance and quality control, among other things. CLIA provides
that a state may adopt different or more stringent regulations than federal law and permits states to apply for exemption from CLIA if
the state s laboratory laws are equivalent to, or more stringent than, CLIA. For example, the State of New York s clinical
laboratory regulations, which have received an exemption from CLIA, contain provisions that are in certain respects more stringent than
federal law. Therefore, as long as New York maintains a licensure program that is CLIA-exempt, Lucid will need to comply with New York s
clinical laboratory regulations in order to offer Lucid clinical laboratory products and services in New York. 

Lucid
has current certificates to perform clinical laboratory testing. Clinical laboratories are subject to inspection by regulators and to
sanctions for failing to comply with applicable requirements. Sanctions available under CLIA and certain state laws include prohibiting
a laboratory from running tests, requiring a laboratory to implement a corrective plan, and imposing civil monetary penalties. If Lucid s
CLIA-certified laboratory fails to meet any applicable requirements of CLIA or state law, that failure could adversely affect any future
CMS consideration of its technologies, prevent their approval entirely, and/or interrupt the commercial sale of any products and services
and otherwise cause Lucid to incur significant expense. 

12 

Other
U.S. Regulation 

In
addition to FDA restrictions on marketing and promotion of drugs and devices, other federal and state laws restrict our business practices.
These laws include, without limitation, anti-kickback and false claims laws, data privacy and security laws, as well as transparency
laws regarding payments or other items of value provided to healthcare providers. 

Because
of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available under such laws, it is
possible that some of our business activities, including certain sales and marketing practices and the provision of certain items
and services to our customers, could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. If our operations are found to be in
violation of any of the health regulatory laws described above or any other laws that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties,
including potentially significant criminal and civil and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment,
exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, administrative burdens,
diminished profits and future earnings, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect
our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. To the extent any of our products are sold in a foreign country,
we may be subject to similar foreign laws, which may include, for instance, applicable post-marketing requirements, including safety
surveillance, anti-fraud and abuse laws and implementation of corporate compliance programs and reporting of payments or transfers
of value to healthcare professionals. 

Physician
Payment Sunshine Act 

There
has been a recent trend of increased federal and state regulation of payments and transfers of value provided to healthcare professionals
or entities. On February 8, 2013, the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, released its final rule implementing section
6002 of the Affordable Care Act known as the Physician Payment Sunshine Act that imposes new annual reporting requirements on device
manufacturers for payments and other transfers of value provided by them, directly or indirectly, to physicians and teaching hospitals,
as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their family members. A manufacturer s failure to submit timely,
accurately and completely the required information for all payments, transfers of value or ownership or investment interests may result
in civil monetary penalties of up to an aggregate of 150,000 per year, and up to an aggregate of 1 million per year
for knowing failures. Manufacturers that produces at least one product reimbursed by Medicare, Medicaid, or Children s
Health Insurance Program and (i) if the product is a drug or biological, and it requires a prescription (or physician s authorization)
to administer; or (ii) if the product is a device or medical supply, and it requires premarket approval or premarket notification by
the FDA are required to comply with the Open Payments (commonly referred to as the Sunshine Act) filing requirements under CMS. We currently
do not have any products covered by Medicare, Medicaid, or Children s Health Insurance Program as none of our products have premarket
approval or clearance notification. We expect once our products receive regulatory clearance, we will be required to comply with the
Sunshine Act provisions. 

Certain
states, such as California and Connecticut, also mandate implementation of commercial compliance programs, and other states, such as
Massachusetts and Vermont, impose restrictions on device manufacturer marketing practices and require tracking and reporting of gifts,
compensation and other remuneration to healthcare professionals and entities. The shifting commercial compliance environment and the
need to build and maintain robust and expandable systems to comply with different compliance or reporting requirements in multiple jurisdictions
increase the possibility a healthcare company may fail to comply fully with one or more of these requirements. 

Federal
Anti-Kickback Statute 

The
Federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any remuneration
(including any kickback, bribe or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, to induce or in return for purchasing, leasing,
ordering or arranging for or recommending the purchase, lease or order of any good, facility, item or service reimbursable, in whole
or in part, under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. The term remuneration has been broadly interpreted
to include anything of value. Although there are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common
activities from prosecution, the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly. Practices that involve remuneration that may be alleged
to be intended to induce prescribing, purchases or recommendations may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception
or safe harbor. Failure to meet all of the requirements of a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does
not make the conduct per se illegal under the Anti-Kickback Statute. Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a
case-by-case basis based on a cumulative review of all its facts and circumstances. Several courts have interpreted the statute s
intent requirement to mean if any one purpose of an arrangement involving remuneration is to induce referrals of federal healthcare covered
business, the Anti-Kickback Statute has been violated. 

Additionally,
the intent standard under the Anti-Kickback Statute was amended by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended
by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, collectively the Affordable Care Act, to a stricter standard such that a
person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed
a violation. In addition, the Affordable Care Act codified case law that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation
of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act. 

13 

Federal
False Claims Act 

The
False Claims Act prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false or
fraudulent claim for payment or approval to the federal government or knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used a false record
or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government. A claim includes any request or demand 
for money or property presented to the U.S. government. The False Claims Act also applies to false submissions that cause the government
to be paid less than the amount to which it is entitled, such as a rebate. Intent to deceive is not required to establish liability under
the False Claims Act. Several pharmaceutical, device and other healthcare companies have been prosecuted under these laws for, among
other things, allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation the customers would bill federal programs for the product.
Other companies have been prosecuted for causing false claims to be submitted because of the companies marketing of products for
unapproved, and thus non-covered uses. 

The
government may further prosecute, as a crime, conduct constituting a false claim under the False Claims Act. The False Claims Act prohibits
the making or presenting of a claim to the government knowing such claim to be false, fictitious, or fraudulent and, unlike civil claims
under the False Claims Act, requires proof of intent to submit a false claim. 

The
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 

The
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or the FCPA, prohibits any U.S. individual or business from paying, offering, or authorizing payment or
offering of anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any foreign official, political party or candidate for the purpose of influencing
any act or decision of the foreign entity in order to assist the individual or business in obtaining or retaining business. The FCPA
also obligates companies whose securities are listed in the United States to comply with accounting provisions requiring the company
to maintain books and records that accurately and fairly reflect all transactions of the corporation, including international subsidiaries,
and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls for international operations. Activities that violate the
FCPA, even if they occur wholly outside the United States, can result in criminal and civil fines, imprisonment, disgorgement, oversight,
and debarment from government contracts. 

Healthcare
Reform 

Current
and future legislative proposals to further reform healthcare or reduce healthcare costs may result in lower reimbursement for our products,
or for the procedures associated with the use of our products, or limit coverage of our products. The cost containment measures that
payors and providers are instituting and the effect of any healthcare reform initiative implemented in the future could significantly
reduce our revenues from the sale of our products. Alternatively, the shift away from fee-for-service agreements to capitated payment
models may support the value of our products which can be shown to decrease resource utilization and lead to cost saving-for both payors
and providers. 

HIPAA
and Other Privacy Laws 

The
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical
Health Act HIPAA established comprehensive protection for the privacy and security of health information. The HIPAA standards
apply to three types of organizations, or Covered Entities : health plans, healthcare clearinghouses, and healthcare providers
that conduct certain healthcare transactions electronically. Covered Entities and their business associates must have in place administrative,
physical, and technical standards to guard against the misuse of individually identifiable health information. Some of our activities,
including at our Lucid Test Centers and within our clinical trials, involve interactions with patients and their health information which
implicate HIPAA. Our activities also involve us entering into specific kinds of relationships with Covered Entities and business associates
of Covered Entities, which also implicate HIPAA. Penalties for violations of HIPAA include civil money and criminal penalties. 

Our
activities must also comply with other applicable privacy laws, which impose restrictions on the access, use and disclosure of personal
information. More state and international privacy laws are being adopted. Many state laws are not preempted by HIPAA because they are
more stringent or are broader in scope than HIPAA. Since 2020 we have also had to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of
2018, which protects personal information other than health information covered by HIPAA. In the E.U., the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR took effect in May 2018 and imposes increasingly stringent data protection and privacy rules. All of these laws
may impact our business and may change periodically, which could have an effect on our business operations if compliance becomes substantially
costlier than under current requirements. Our failure to comply with these privacy laws or significant changes in the laws restricting
our ability to obtain stool, blood and other patient samples and associated patient information could significantly impact our business
and our future business plans. 

Self-Referral
Law 

The
federal self-referral law, commonly referred to as the Stark law, provides that physicians who, personally
or through a family member, have ownership interests in or compensation arrangements with a laboratory are prohibited from making a referral
to that laboratory for laboratory tests reimbursable by Medicare, and also prohibits laboratories from submitting a claim for Medicare
payments for laboratory tests referred by physicians who, personally or through a family member, have ownership interests in or compensation
arrangements with the testing laboratory. The Stark law contains a number of specific exceptions which, if met, permit physicians who
have ownership or compensation arrangements with a testing laboratory to make referrals to that laboratory and permit the laboratory
to submit claims for Medicare payments for laboratory tests performed pursuant to such referrals. We are subject to comparable state
laws, some of which apply to all payors regardless of source of payment, and do not contain identical exceptions to the Stark law. 

14 

International
Regulation 

In
order to market any product outside of the United States, we would need to comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of
other countries and jurisdictions regarding quality, safety and efficacy and governing, among other things, clinical trials, marketing
authorization, commercial sales and distribution of our products. We may be subject to regulations and product registration requirements
in the areas of product standards, packaging requirements, labeling requirements, import and export restrictions and tariff regulations,
duties and tax requirements. Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a product, we would need to obtain the necessary approvals by
the comparable foreign regulatory authorities before we can commence clinical trials or marketing of the product in foreign countries
and jurisdictions. The time required to obtain clearance required by foreign countries may be longer or shorter than required for FDA
clearance, and requirements for licensing a product in a foreign country may differ significantly from FDA requirements. 

European
Union 

The
European Union or EU will require a CE mark certification or approval in order to market our products in the various countries of the
European Union or other countries outside the United States. To obtain CE mark certification of our products, we will be required to
work with an accredited European notified body organization to determine the appropriate documents required to support certification
in accordance with existing medical device directive. The predictability of the length of time and cost associated with such a CE mark
may vary or may include lengthy clinical trials to support such a marking. Once the CE mark is obtained, we may market our product in
the countries of the EU. The new European Medical Device Regulation (EU MDR 2017/745) which was scheduled to go into effect on May 26,
2020 has been extended by one year to May 26, 2021. The EU MDR imposes strict new requirements on medical device companies marketing
their products in Europe. As such, many device companies have been scrambling to renew existing CE certificates granted under the Medical
Devices Directive (MDD 93/42/EEC). Notified Bodies are now focused on their current customers and those customers current devices
making it virtually impossible to submit a new MDD application before May 2020. 

European
Good Manufacturing Practices 

In
the European Union, the manufacture of medical devices is subject to good manufacturing practice (GMP), as set forth in the relevant
laws and guidelines of the European Union and its member states. Compliance with GMP is generally assessed by the competent regulatory
authorities. Typically, quality system evaluation is performed by a Notified Body, which also recommends to the relevant competent authority
for the European Community CE Marking of a device. The Competent Authority may conduct inspections of relevant facilities, and review
manufacturing procedures, operating systems and personnel qualifications. In addition to obtaining approval for each product, in many
cases each device manufacturing facility must be audited on a periodic basis by the Notified Body. Further inspections may occur over
the life of the product. 

Other
Laws 

Occupational
Safety and Health 

In
addition to its comprehensive regulation of health and safety in the workplace in general, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration
has established extensive requirements aimed specifically at laboratories and other healthcare-related facilities. In addition, because
Lucid s operations may require employees to use certain hazardous chemicals, Lucid also must comply with regulations on hazard
communication and hazardous chemicals in laboratories. These regulations require Lucid, among other things, to develop written programs
and plans, which must address methods for preventing and mitigating employee exposure, the use of personal protective equipment, and
training. 

Specimen
Transportation 

Our
commercialization activities for EsoGuard subject Lucid to regulations of the Department of Transportation, the United States Postal
Service, and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention that apply to the surface and air transportation of clinical laboratory specimens. 

Environmental 

The
cost of compliance with federal, state and local provisions related to the protection of the environment has had no material effect on
our business. There were no material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities in the years ended December 31, 2022,
2021 and 2020. 

Employees

Currently,
as of March 9, 2023 we had 124 employees (all of whom were full-time employees), inclusive of our executive officers 
our Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer CEO ), our President and Chief Financial Officer CFO ),
our Chief Operating Officer COO ), our Chief Medical Officer CMO and our General Counsel and Secretary General Counsel ). No employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our relationship with our
employees to be good. 

15 

Corporate
Information 

We
were incorporated in Delaware on June 26, 2014. Our corporate headquarters address is 360 Madison Avenue, 25th Floor, New York, NY 10017,
and our main telephone number is (212) 949-4319. 

Available
Information 

We
make available free of charge through our website (www.pavmed.com) our periodic reports and registration statements filed with the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q,
Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. We make these reports available through our website as soon as reasonably
practicable after we electronically file such reports with, or furnish such reports to the SEC. 

We
also make available, free of charge on our website, the reports filed with the SEC by our named executive officers, directors, and 10 
stockholders pursuant to Section 16 under the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after those filings are provided to us by
those persons. The public also may read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F
Street, NE., Washington, DC 20549, on official business days during the hours of 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. The public may obtain information
on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov)
that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding us that we file electronically with the SEC. 

Our
website address is www.pavmed.com. The content of our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
nor in any other report or document we file or furnish with and /or submit to the SEC, and any reference to our website are intended
to be inactive textual references only. 

16 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

The
following risk factors and other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be carefully considered. The risks and
uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or we presently
deem less significant may also impair our business operations. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition,
results of operations and future growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 

Risk
Factor Summary 

Our
business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that you should consider before investing in our common stock. These risks are
described more fully below and include, but are not limited to, risks relating to the following: 

Risks
Related to Financial Position and Capital Resources 

We
 have incurred operating losses since our inception and may not be able to achieve profitability. 
 
 Servicing
 our indebtedness may require a significant amount of cash, and the restrictive covenants
 contained in our indebtedness could adversely affect our business plan, liquidity, financial
 condition, and results of operations. 
 
 The March 2023 Senior Convertible Note has not been issued, and it may not be issued, including if certain closing
conditions to the issuance of such note are not satisfied. 
 
 The
 accounting method for convertible debt securities that may be settled in cash, such as the
 Senior Convertible Notes, is the subject of recent changes that could have a material effect
 on our reported financial results. 

Risks
Associated with Our Business 

We
 will need substantial additional funding and may be unable to raise capital when needed,
 which could force us to delay, reduce, eliminate or abandon growth initiatives or product
 development programs. 
 
 The
 markets in which we operate are highly competitive, and we may not be able to effectively
 compete against other providers of medical devices, particularly those with greater resources. 
 
 We
 have finite resources, which may restrict our success in commercializing our current products
 and other products we may develop, and we may be unsuccessful in entering into or maintaining
 third-party arrangements to support our internal efforts. 
 
 If
 we are unable to deploy and maintain effective sales, marketing and medical affairs capabilities,
 we will have difficulty achieving market awareness and selling our tests and other products. 
 
 Our
 products may never achieve market acceptance. 
 
 Recommendations,
 guidelines and quality metrics issued by various organizations may significantly affect payors 
 willingness to cover, and healthcare providers willingness to prescribe, our products. 
 
 We
 or our third-party manufacturers may not have the manufacturing and processing capacity to
 meet the production requirements of clinical testing or consumer demand in a timely manner. 
 
 We
 currently perform our EsoGuard test in one laboratory facility. If demand for our EsoGuard
 test grows, we may lack adequate facility space and capabilities to meet increased processing
 requirements. Moreover, if these or any future facilities or our equipment were damaged or
 destroyed, or if we experience a significant disruption in our operations for any reason,
 our ability to continue to operate our business could be materially harmed. 
 
 We
 may make investments in products we have not yet developed, and those investments may not
 be realized. 
 
 Our
 products and services may become subject to unfavorable pricing regulations, third-party
 reimbursement practices or healthcare reform initiatives, thereby harming our business. 
 
 Our
 products and services may cause serious adverse side effects or even death or have other
 properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval, limit the commercial desirability
 of an approved label or result in significant negative consequences following any marketing
 approval. 
 
 Product
 liability lawsuits against us could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to limit
 commercialization of any products that we may develop. 
 
 We
 may not be able to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights, which could impair
 our competitive position. 
 
 We
 may be subject to intellectual property infringement claims by third parties which could
 be costly to defend, divert management s attention and resources, and may result in
 liability. 
 
 Competitors
 may violate our intellectual property rights, and we may bring litigation to protect and
 enforce our intellectual property rights, which may result in substantial expense and may
 divert our attention from implementing our business strategy. 
 
 Our
 business may suffer if we are unable to manage our growth. 
 
 Our
 officers may allocate their time to other businesses thereby potentially limiting the amount
 of time they devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact
 on our operations. 
 
 Our
 ability to be successful will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. 
 
 Our
 officers and directors have fiduciary obligations to other companies and, accordingly, may
 have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity
 should be presented. 
 
 Our
 business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by the
 political and economic conditions of the countries in which we conduct business. 
 
 Our
 business may be adversely affected by health epidemics and or pandemics, including the COVID-19
 pandemic. 
 
 Failure
 in our information technology or storage systems could significantly disrupt our operations
 and our research and development efforts, which could adversely impact our revenues, as well
 as our research, development and commercialization efforts. 
 
 We
 may become the subject of various claims, threats of litigation, litigation or investigations
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
 of operations or price of our common stock. 

17 

Risks
Related to Regulatory Matters 

Any
 future products or services we may develop may not be approved for sale in the U.S. or in
 any other country. In order to obtain approval, we may need to conduct clinical trials necessary
 to support a FDA 510(k) notice or PMA application will be expensive and will require the
 enrollment of large numbers of patients, and suitable patients may be difficult to identify
 and recruit. 
 
 The
 results of the Company s clinical trials may not support our product candidate claims
 or may result in the discovery of adverse side effects. In addition, delays or termination
 of our clinical trials may have an adverse impact on our ability to commercialize our product
 candidates. 
 
 Even
 if we receive regulatory approval for any product we may develop, we will be subject to ongoing
 regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional
 expense and subject us to penalties if we fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements. 
 
 Healthcare
 reform measures could hinder or prevent our products commercial success. 
 
 If
 we fail to comply with healthcare regulations, we could face substantial penalties and our
 business, operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 The
 Company s medical products may in the future be subject to product recalls that could
 harm its reputation, business and financial results. 
 
 If
 the Company s medical products cause or contribute to a death or a serious injury,
 or malfunction in certain ways, we will be subject to medical device reporting regulations,
 which can result in voluntary corrective actions or agency enforcement actions. 
 
 If
 the Company is found to be promoting the use of its devices for unapproved or off-label 
 uses or engaging in other noncompliant activities, the Company may be subject to recalls,
 seizures, fines, penalties, injunctions, adverse publicity, prosecution, or other adverse
 actions, resulting in damage to its reputation and business. 

Risks
Associated with Ownership of Our Common Stock 

We
 may issue shares of our common and /or preferred stock in the future which could reduce the
 equity interest of our stockholders and might cause a change in control of our ownership. 
 
 Our
 subsidiary Lucid may issue shares of its common and/or preferred stock in the future which
 could reduce the equity interest of PAVmed in Lucid and might cause us to cease to control
 a majority of the voting stock of Lucid. 
 
 Our
 management and their affiliates control a substantial interest in us and thus may influence
 certain actions requiring a stockholder vote. 
 
 There
 can be no assurance that our common stock will continue to trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market
 or another national securities exchange. 
 
 A
 robust public market for our common stock may not be sustained, which could affect your ability
 to sell our common stock or depress the market price of our common stock. 
 
 Our
 stock price may be volatile, and purchasers of our securities could incur substantial losses. 
 
 Our
 outstanding warrants and other convertible securities may have an adverse effect on the market
 price of our common stock. 
 
 We
 do not intend to pay any dividends on our common stock at this time. 
 
 We
 are subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure expectations and regulations
 that impact compliance costs and risks of noncompliance. 
 
 We
 incur significant costs as a result of our and Lucid Diagnostics operating as a public company,
 and our management will be required to devote substantial time to compliance initiatives. 
 
 If
 we experience material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in the
 future, our business may be harmed. 
 
 If
 securities or industry analysts do not publish research, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable
 research, about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 
 Provisions
 in our corporate charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us
 more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current
 management. 

18 

Risks
Related to Financial Position and Capital Resources 

We
have incurred operating losses since our inception and may not be able to achieve profitability. 

We
have incurred net losses since our inception. 

To
date, since our inception in June 2014, we have financed our operations principally through issuances of common stock, preferred stock,
warrants, and debt, in both private placements and public offerings of our securities. Our ability to generate sufficient revenue from
any of our products in development, and to transition to profitability and generate consistent positive cash flows is dependent upon
factors that may be outside of our control. We expect our operating expenses will continue to increase as we continue to build our commercial
infrastructure, develop, enhance and commercialize new products and incur additional operational and reporting costs associated with
being a public company. As a result, we expect to continue to incur operating losses for the foreseeable future. 

Servicing
our indebtedness may require a significant amount of cash, and the restrictive covenants contained in our indebtedness could adversely
affect our business plan, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We
may be required to repay or redeem, or to pay interest on, the April 2022 Senior Convertible Note and the September 2022 Senior Convertible
Note (collectively, the Senior Convertible Notes or any future permitted indebtedness incurred by us or our subsidiaries,
in cash. Despite our right to pay the interest
and principal balance of the Senior Convertible Notes by issuing shares of our common stock, we may be required to repay such indebtedness
in cash, if we do not meet certain customary equity conditions (including minimum price and volume thresholds) or in certain other circumstances.
For example, we may be required to repay the outstanding principal balance and accrued but unpaid interest, along with a premium, upon
the occurrence of certain changes of control or an event of default. 

Our
ability to make payments of the principal of, to pay interest on, or to redeem our indebtedness in cash, depends on our future performance,
which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. We have not generated material revenue from
operations to date, and our business may not generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to service our indebtedness
and make necessary capital expenditures. In addition, the Senior Convertible Notes contain, and any future indebtedness may contain,
restrictive covenants, including financial covenants. These payment obligations and covenants could have important consequences on our
business. In particular, they could: 

require
 us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our
 indebtedness; 

limit,
 among other things, our ability to borrow additional funds and otherwise raise additional
 capital, and our ability to conduct acquisitions, joint, ventures or similar arrangements,
 as a result of our obligations to make such payments and comply with the restrictive covenants
 in the indebtedness; 

limit
 our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and the industries
 in which we operate; 

increase
 our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; and 

place
 us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have lower fixed costs. 

The
debt service requirements of any other permitted indebtedness we incur or issue in the future, as well as the restrictive covenants contained
in the governing documents for any such indebtedness, could intensify these risks. For example, while the Company is currently in compliance
with the financial covenants under the Senior Convertible Notes, from time to time since the date of issuance of such notes (including,
in the case of the indebtedness to market capitalization ratio test under such notes, as of June 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022), the
Company was not in compliance with certain financial covenants thereunder. While the holders of such notes agreed to waive any such non-compliance
during such aforementioned time periods, there can be no assurance that it will do so in the future. 

If
we are unable to make the required cash payments, there could be a default under one or more of the instruments governing our indebtedness.
Any such default or acceleration may further result in an event of default and acceleration of our other indebtedness. In such event,
or if a default otherwise occurs under our indebtedness, including as a result of our failure to comply with the financial or other covenants
contained therein, the holders of our indebtedness could require us to immediately repay the outstanding principal and interest on such
indebtedness in cash, in some cases subject to a premium. Furthermore, the holders of our secured indebtedness could foreclose on their
security interests in our assets. 

If
we are required to make payments under our indebtedness in cash and are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations, we may
be required to sell assets, or we may seek to refinance the remaining balance, by either refinancing with the holder of the indebtedness,
by raising sufficient funds through a sale of equity or debt securities or by obtaining a credit facility. No assurances can be given
that we will be successful in making the required payments under our indebtedness, or in refinancing our obligations on favorable terms,
or at all. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. A failure
to refinance could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial position, and results of operations. Should we refinance,
it could be dilutive to shareholders or impose onerous terms on us. 

The
March 2023 Senior Convertible Note has not been issued, and it may not be issued, including if certain closing conditions to the issuance
of such note are not satisfied. 

On
March 13, 2023, Lucid entered into the Lucid SPA, pursuant to which Lucid anticipates issuing the March 2023 Lucid Senior
Convertible Note. However, such issuance is subject to certain closing conditions, some of which are outside of Lucid s
control. If any of the closing conditions to the issuance of the March 2023 Lucid Senior Convertible Note are not met, or if the
Lucid Investor fails to purchase the March 2023 Lucid Senior Convertible Note when required to do so under the Lucid SPA, the note
may not be issued. 

19 

The
accounting method for convertible debt securities that may be settled in cash, such as the Senior Convertible Notes, is the subject of
recent changes that could have a material effect on our reported financial results. 

In
May 2008, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued FASB Staff Position No. APB 14-1, Accounting for Convertible
Debt Instruments That May Be Settled in Cash Upon Conversion (Including Partial Cash Settlement), which has subsequently been codified
as Accounting Standards Codification 470-20, Debt with Conversion and Other Options, or ASC 470-20. Under ASC 470-20, an
entity must separately account for the liability and equity components of the convertible debt instruments (such as the Senior Convertible
Notes) that may be settled entirely or partially in cash in a manner that reflects the issuer s economic interest cost. The effect
of ASC 470-20 on the accounting for the Senior Convertible Notes is that the equity component is required to be included in the additional
paid-in capital section of stockholders equity on our consolidated balance sheet and the value of the equity component would be
treated as original issue discount for purposes of accounting for the debt component of the Senior Convertible Notes. As a result, we
will be required to record a greater amount of non-cash interest expense in current periods presented as a result of the amortization
of the discounted carrying value of the Senior Convertible Notes to their face amount over the term of the Senior Convertible Notes.
We will report lower net income in our financial results because ASC 470-20 will require interest to include both the current period s
amortization of the debt discount and the instrument s coupon interest, which could adversely affect our reported or future financial
results, and the market price of our common stock. 

In
addition, under certain circumstances, convertible debt instruments (such as the Senior Convertible Notes) that may be settled entirely
or partially in cash are currently accounted for utilizing the treasury stock method, the effect of which is that the shares issuable
upon conversion of the Senior Convertible Notes are not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share except to the extent
that the conversion value of the Senior Convertible Notes exceeds their principal amount. Under the treasury stock method, for diluted
earnings per share purposes, the transaction is accounted for as if the number of shares of our common stock that would be necessary
to settle such excess, if we elected to settle such excess in shares, are issued. We cannot be sure that the accounting standards in
the future will continue to permit the use of the treasury stock method. If we are unable to use the treasury stock method in accounting
for the shares issuable upon conversion of the Senior Convertible Notes, then our diluted earnings per share would be adversely affected. 

Risks
Associated with Our Business 

We
will need substantial additional funding and may be unable to raise capital when needed, which could force us to delay, reduce, eliminate
or abandon growth initiatives or product development programs. 

We
intend to continue to make investments to support our business growth. Because we have not generated any revenue or cash flow to date,
we will require additional funds to: 

Continue
 our research and development; 
 
 Pursue
 clinical trials; 
 
 Commercialize
 our new products and services; 
 
 Achieve
 market acceptance of our products and services; 
 
 Establish
 and expand our sales, marketing, and distribution capabilities for our products and services; 
 
 protect
 our intellectual property rights or defend, in litigation or otherwise, any claims we infringe
 third-party patents or other intellectual property rights; 
 
 invest
 in businesses, products and technologies, although we currently have no commitments or agreements
 relating to do so. 
 
 Otherwise
 fund our operations; 

If
we do not have, or are not able to obtain, sufficient funds, we may have to delay product development initiatives or license to third
parties the rights to commercialize products or technologies we would otherwise seek to market. We also may have to reduce marketing,
customer support or other resources devoted to our products. 

The
markets in which we operate are highly competitive, and we may not be able to effectively compete against other providers of medical
devices, particularly those with greater resources. 

We
face intense competition from companies with dominant market positions in the medical device industry. These competitors have significantly
greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we have and may be better able to: 

respond
 to new technologies or technical standards; 
 
 react
 to changing customer requirements and expectations; 
 
 acquire
 other companies to gain new technologies or products may displace our products; 
 
 manufacture,
 market and sell products; 
 
 acquire,
 prosecute, enforce and defend patents and other intellectual property; 
 
 devote
 resources to the development, production, promotion, support and sale of products; and 
 
 deliver
 a broad range of competitive products at lower prices. 

We
expect competition in the markets in which we participate to continue to increase as existing competitors improve or expand their product
offerings. 

We
have finite resources, which may restrict our success in commercializing our current products and other products we may develop, and
we may be unsuccessful in entering into or maintaining third-party arrangements to support our internal efforts. 

To
grow our business as planned, we must expand our sales, marketing and customer support capabilities, which will involve developing and
administering our commercial infrastructure and/or collaborative commercial arrangements and partnerships. We must also maintain satisfactory
arrangements for the manufacture and distribution of our tests and other products. 

We
have only two products, EsoGuard and the Veris Cancer Care Platform, that we are actively seeking to commercialize, and have not generated
substantial revenue from product sales to date. We have limited experience managing a sales force, customer support operation, manufacturing
and clinical laboratory operations for multiple products in multiple locations with divergent regulatory requirements. We may encounter
difficulties retaining and managing the specialized workforce these activities require. We may seek to partner with others to assist
us with any or all of these functions. Additionally, we may be unable to find appropriate third parties with whom to enter into these
arrangements. 

20 

If
we are unable to deploy and maintain effective sales, marketing and medical affairs capabilities, we will have difficulty achieving market
awareness and selling our tests and other products. 

To
achieve commercial success for our EsoGuard test and the Veris Cancer Care Platform, as well as any products we commercialize in the
future, we must continue to develop and grow our sales, marketing and medical affairs organizations to effectively explain to healthcare
providers the reliability, effectiveness and benefits of our current and future tests and other products as compared to alternatives.
We may not be able to successfully manage our dispersed or inside sales forces or our sales force may not be effective. Because of the
competition for their services, we may be unable to hire, partner with or retain additional qualified sales representatives or marketing
or medical affairs personnel, either as our employees or independent contractors or through independent sales or other third-party organizations.
Market competition for commercial, marketing and medical affairs talent is significant, and we may not be able to hire or retain such
talent on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 

Establishing
and maintaining sales, marketing and medical affairs capabilities will be expensive and time-consuming. Our expenses associated with
maintaining our sales force may be disproportional compared to the revenues we may be able to generate on sales of our EsoGuard test
and the Veris Cancer Care Platform or any future tests or other products, and in order to establish and maintain these capabilities may
required our raising additional capital, which we may be unable to do. 

Our
products may never achieve market acceptance. 

To
date, we have not generated significant sales revenues from our products and services. Our ability to generate sales revenues from product
and services, and to achieve profitability will depend upon our ability to successfully commercialize our products and services. As we
only recently began to market our two products and services for sale, we have no basis to predict whether our current products and services
(or potential future products and services) will achieve market acceptance. A number of factors may limit the market acceptance of any
of our products, including: 

the
 timing of regulatory approvals of our products and services and market entry compared to
 competitive products; 
 
 the
 effectiveness of our products and services, including any potential side effects, as compared
 to alternative treatments; 
 
 the
 rate of adoption of our products and services by hospitals, doctors and nurses and acceptance
 by the health care community; 
 
 the
 labeling and /or inserts required by regulatory authorities for each of our products and
 services; 
 
 the
 competitive features of our products and services, including price, as compared to other
 similar products and services; 
 
 the
 availability of insurance or other third-party reimbursement, such as Medicare, for patients
 using our products and services; 
 
 the
 extent and success of our marketing efforts and those of our collaborators; and 
 
 unfavorable
 publicity concerning our products and services or similar products and services. 

Recommendations,
guidelines and quality metrics issued by various organizations may significantly affect payors willingness to cover, and healthcare
providers willingness to prescribe, our products. 

Securing
influential recommendations, inclusion in healthcare guidelines and inclusion in quality measures are keys to our healthcare provider
and payor engagement strategies. These guidelines, recommendations and quality metrics may shape payors coverage decisions and
healthcare providers cancer screening procedures. There can be no assurance that we will be able to secure such recommendations
or inclusion in healthcare guidelines and inclusion in quality measures. Any such failures could have a material impact on our ability
to commercialize our products. 

We
or our third-party manufacturers may not have the manufacturing and processing capacity to meet the production requirements of clinical
testing or consumer demand in a timely manner. 

Our
capacity to conduct clinical trials and commercialize our products will depend in part on our ability to manufacture or provide our products
on a large scale, at a competitive cost and in accordance with regulatory requirements. We must establish and maintain a commercial scale
manufacturing process for all of our products to complete clinical trials. We or our third-party manufacturers may encounter difficulties
with these processes at any time that could result in delays in clinical trials, regulatory submissions or the commercialization of products. 

For
some of our products, we or our third-party manufacturers will need to have sufficient production and processing capacity in order to
conduct human clinical trials, to produce products for commercial sale at an acceptable cost. We have limited experience in large-scale
product manufacturing, nor do we have the resources or facilities to manufacture most of our products on a commercial scale. We cannot
guarantee that we or our third-party manufacturers will be able to increase capacity in a timely or cost-effective manner, or at all. 

21 

Initially,
we will not directly manufacture our products and will rely on third parties to do so for us. If our manufacturing and distribution agreements
are not satisfactory, we may not be able to develop or commercialize products as planned. In addition, we may not be able to contract
with third parties to manufacture our products in an economical manner. Furthermore, third-party manufacturers may not adequately perform
their obligations, may delay clinical development or submission of products for regulatory approval or otherwise may impair our competitive
position. We may not be able to enter into or maintain relationships with manufacturers that comply with good manufacturing practices.
If a product manufacturer fails to comply with good manufacturing practices, we could experience significant time delays or we may be
unable to commercialize or continue to market the products. Changes in our manufacturers could require costly new product testing and
facility compliance inspections. In the United States, failure to comply with good manufacturing practices or other applicable legal
requirements can lead to federal seizure of violative products, injunctive actions brought by the federal government, and potential criminal
and civil liability on the part of a company and its officers and employees. Because of these and other factors, we may not be able to
replace our manufacturing capacity quickly or efficiently in the event that our manufacturers are unable to manufacture our products
at one or more of their facilities. As a result, the sales and marketing of our products could be delayed or we could be forced to develop
our own manufacturing capacity, which could require substantial additional funds and personnel and compliance with extensive regulations. 

The
manufacturing processes for our products have not yet been tested at commercial levels, and it may not be possible to manufacture or
process these materials in a cost-effective manner. 

We
currently perform our EsoGuard test in one laboratory facility. If demand for our EsoGuard test grows, we may lack adequate facility
space and capabilities to meet increased processing requirements. Moreover, if these or any future facilities or our equipment were damaged
or destroyed, or if we experience a significant disruption in our operations for any reason, our ability to continue to operate our business
could be materially harmed. 

We
currently perform the EsoGuard test in a single laboratory facility in Lake Forest, CA. The laboratory facility, without purchasing additional
lab equipment applicable to our test, is expected to have an annual capacity of approximately 50,000 tests per year. If demand for the
EsoGuard test outstrips this capacity, and we fail to add additional equipment and staff, or complete, or timely complete, an expansion
of its available laboratory facilities, it may significantly delay our EsoGuard processing times and limit the volume of EsoGuard tests
we can process, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation. In addition, our financial condition
may be adversely affected if they are unable to complete these expansion projects on budget and otherwise on terms and conditions acceptable
to us. Finally, our financial condition will be adversely affected if demand for our products and services does not materialize in line
with our current expectations and if, as a result, we end up building excess capacity that does not yield a reasonable return on our
investment. 

If
our present, or any future, laboratory facilities were to be damaged, destroyed or otherwise unable to operate, whether due to fire,
floods, storms, tornadoes, other inclement weather events or natural disasters, employee malfeasance, terrorist acts, power outages,
or otherwise, our business could be severely disrupted. We may not be able to perform our EsoGuard test or generate test reports as promptly
as patients and healthcare providers require or expect, or possibly not at all. If we are unable to perform our EsoGuard test or generate
test reports within a timeframe that meets patient and healthcare provider expectations, our business, financial results and reputation
could be materially harmed. 

We
currently maintain insurance against damage to our property and equipment and against business interruption, subject to deductibles and
other limitations. If we have underestimated our insurance needs with respect to an interruption, or if an interruption is not subject
to coverage under our insurance policies, we may not be able to cover our losses. 

We
may make investments in products we have not yet developed, and those investments may not be realized. 

While
we are currently focused on the commercialization of our EsoGuard test and the Veris Cancer Care Platform, technology remains an important
component of our business and growth strategy, and our success may depend on the development, implementation and acceptance of new products.
Commitments to develop new products must be made well in advance of any resulting sales, and technologies and standards may change during
development, potentially rendering our products outdated or uncompetitive before their introduction. Our ability to develop products
to meet evolving industry requirements and at prices acceptable to our customers will be significant factors in determining our competitiveness.
We may expend considerable funds and other resources on the development of new products without any guarantee these products will be
successful. If we are not successful in bringing one or more products to market, whether because we fail to address marketplace demand,
fail to develop viable technologies or otherwise, we may not generate any revenues and our results of operations could be seriously harmed. 

Our
products and services may become subject to unfavorable pricing regulations, third-party reimbursement practices or healthcare reform
initiatives, thereby harming our business. 

The
regulations that govern marketing approvals, pricing and reimbursement for new products vary widely from country to country. Some countries
require approval of the sale price of a product before it can be marketed. In many countries, the pricing review period begins after
marketing approval is granted. In some foreign markets, pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control even after initial
approval is granted. As a result, we might obtain regulatory approval for a product in a particular country, but then be subject to price
regulations that delay our commercial launch of the product and negatively impact the revenue we are able to generate from the sale of
the product in that country. Adverse pricing limitations may hinder our ability to recoup our investment in one or more other products
we may develop, even if our other products we may develop obtain regulatory approval. 

Our
ability to commercialize any products we may develop successfully also will depend in part on the extent to which reimbursement for these
products and related treatments becomes available from government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other
organizations. Government authorities and third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide
which treatments they will pay for and establish reimbursement levels. A primary trend in the U.S. healthcare industry and elsewhere
is cost containment. Government authorities and these third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the
amount of reimbursement for particular treatments. We cannot be sure reimbursement will be available for any product we commercialize
and, if reimbursement is available, what the level of reimbursement will be. Reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of,
any product for which we obtain marketing approval. If reimbursement is not available or is available only to limited levels, we may
not be able to successfully commercialize any product we successfully develop. 

22 

Moreover,
eligibility for reimbursement does not imply any product will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including
research, development, manufacture, sale and distribution. Payment rates may vary according to the use of the product and the clinical
setting in which it is used, may be based on payments allowed for lower cost products that are already reimbursed and may be incorporated
into existing payments for other services. Net prices for products may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government
healthcare programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of products from countries
where they may be sold at lower prices than in the U.S. Third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations
in setting their own reimbursement policies. Our inability to promptly obtain coverage and profitable payment rates from both government
funded and private payors could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, our ability to raise capital needed to commercialize
products and our overall financial condition. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, we may be required to conduct
a clinical trial that compares the cost-effectiveness of our product to other available therapies. Our business could be materially harmed
if reimbursement of any products we may develop, if any, is unavailable or limited in scope or amount or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory
levels. 

Our
products and services may cause serious adverse side effects or even death or have other properties that could delay or prevent their
regulatory approval, limit the commercial desirability of an approved label or result in significant negative consequences following
any marketing approval. 

The
risk of failure of clinical development is high. It is impossible to predict when or if our current products and services or any we may
develop will prove safe enough to receive regulatory approval. Undesirable side effects caused by our products and services or we may
develop could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials. They could also result in a more restrictive
label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authority. 

Additionally,
even after receipt of marketing approval of our products and services, if we or others later identify undesirable side effects or even
deaths caused by such product, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: 

we
 may be forced to recall such product and suspend the marketing of such product; 
 
 regulatory
 authorities may withdraw their approvals of such product; 
 
 regulatory
 authorities may require additional warnings on the label that could diminish the usage or
 otherwise limit the commercial success of such products; 
 
 the
 FDA or other regulatory bodies may issue safety alerts, Dear Healthcare Provider letters,
 press releases or other communications containing warnings about such product; 
 
 the
 FDA may require the establishment or modification of Risk Evaluation Mitigation Strategies
 or a comparable foreign regulatory authority may require the establishment or modification
 of a similar strategy that may, for instance, restrict distribution of our products and impose
 burdensome implementation requirements on us; 
 
 we
 may be required to change the way the product is administered or conduct additional clinical
 trials; 
 
 we
 could be sued and held liable for harm caused to subjects or patients; 
 
 we
 may be subject to litigation or product liability claims; and 
 
 our
 reputation may suffer. 

Any
of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the particular product. 

Product
liability lawsuits against us could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to limit commercialization of any products that we
may develop. 

We
face an inherent risk of product liability exposure related to the sale of any products we may develop. The marketing, sale and use of
our current products and services and any we may additionally develop could lead to the filing of product liability claims against us
if someone alleges product failures, product malfunctions, manufacturing flaws, or design defects, resulted in injury to patients. We
may also be subject to liability for a misunderstanding of, or inappropriate reliance upon, the information we provide. If we cannot
successfully defend ourselves against claims that any product, we may develop caused injuries, we may incur substantial liabilities.
Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 

decreased
 demand for our products; 
 
 injury
 to our reputation and significant negative media attention; 
 
 withdrawal
 of patients from clinical studies or cancellation of studies; 
 
 significant
 costs to defend the related litigation and distraction to our management team; 
 
 substantial
 monetary awards to patients; 
 
 loss
 of revenue; and 
 
 the
 inability to commercialize any products that we may develop. 

In
addition, insurance coverage is increasingly expensive. We may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in
an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise. 

23 

We
may not be able to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights, which could impair our competitive position. 

Our
success depends significantly on our ability to protect our rights to the patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights and all the
other intellectual property rights used, or expected to be used, in our products. Protecting intellectual property rights is costly and
time consuming. We rely primarily on patent protection and trade secrets, as well as a combination of copyright and trademark laws and
nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements to protect our technology and intellectual property rights. However, these legal means afford
only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or maintain any competitive advantage. Despite
our intellectual property rights practices, it may be possible for a third party to copy or otherwise obtain and use our technology without
authorization, develop similar technology independently or design around our patents. 

We
cannot be assured that any of our pending patent applications will result in the issuance of a patent to us. The U.S. Patent and Trademark
Office (the PTO ), or the applicable authorized in other countries in which we may seek to protect our intellectual property
rights, may deny or require significant narrowing of claims in our pending patent applications, and patents issued as a result of the
pending patent applications, if any, may not provide us with significant commercial protection or be issued in a form that is advantageous
to us. We could also incur substantial costs in proceedings before the PTO, or foreign patent offices. Patents that may be issued to
or licensed by us in the future may expire or may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, which could limit our ability to stop competitors
from marketing related technologies. Upon expiration of our issued or licensed patents, we may lose some of our rights to exclude others
from making, using, selling or importing products using the technology based on the expired patents. There is no assurance that competitors
will not be able to design around our patents. 

We
also rely on unpatented proprietary technology. We cannot assure you that we can meaningfully protect all our rights in our unpatented
proprietary technology or that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary products or processes or otherwise
gain access to our unpatented proprietary technology. We seek to protect our know-how and other unpatented proprietary technology, as
trade secrets or otherwise, with confidentiality agreements and/or intellectual property assignment agreements with our team members,
independent distributors and consultants. However, such agreements may not be enforceable or may not provide meaningful protection for
our proprietary information in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure or other breaches of the agreements or in the event that our
competitors discover or independently develop similar or identical designs or other proprietary information. Our trade secrets may be
vulnerable to disclosure or misappropriation by employees, contractors and other persons. 

We
may be subject to intellectual property infringement claims by third parties which could be costly to defend, divert management s
attention and resources, and may result in liability. 

The
medical device industry is characterized by vigorous protection and pursuit of intellectual property rights. Companies in the medical
device industry have used intellectual property litigation to gain a competitive advantage in the marketplace. From time to time, third
parties may assert against us their patent, copyright, trademark and other intellectual property rights relating to technologies that
are important to our business. Searching for existing intellectual property rights may not reveal important intellectual property and
our competitors may also have filed for patent protection, which is not publicly-available information, or claimed trademark rights that
have not been revealed through our availability searches. We may be subject to claims that our team members have disclosed, or that we
have used, trade secrets or other proprietary information of our team members former employers. Our efforts to identify and avoid
infringing on third parties intellectual property rights may not always be successful. Any claims that our products or processes
infringe these rights, regardless of their merit or resolution, could be costly, time consuming and may divert the efforts and attention
of our management and technical personnel. In addition, we may not prevail in such proceedings given the complex technical issues and
inherent uncertainties in intellectual property litigation. 

Any
claims of patent or other intellectual property infringement against us, even those without merit, could: 

increase
 the cost of our products; 
 
 be
 expensive and/or time consuming to defend; 
 
 result
 in our being required to pay significant damages to third parties; 
 
 force
 us to cease making or selling products that incorporate the challenged intellectual property; 
 
 require
 us to redesign, reengineer or rebrand our products and technologies; 
 
 require
 us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements in order to obtain the right to use a third
 party s intellectual property on terms that may not be favorable or acceptable to us; 
 
 require
 us to develop alternative non-infringing technology, which could require significant effort
 and expense; 
 
 require
 us to indemnify third parties pursuant to contracts in which we have agreed to provide indemnification
 for intellectual property infringement claims; and, 
 
 result
 in our customers or potential customers deferring or limiting their purchase or use of the
 affected products impacted by the claims until the claims are resolved. 

Any
of the foregoing could affect our ability to compete or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

Competitors
may violate our intellectual property rights, and we may bring litigation to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights, which
may result in substantial expense and may divert our attention from implementing our business strategy. 

We
believe that the success of our business depends, in significant part, on obtaining patent protection for our products and technologies,
defending our patents and preserving our trade secrets. Our failure to pursue any potential claim could result in the loss of our proprietary
rights and harm our position in the marketplace. Therefore, we may be forced to pursue litigation to enforce our rights. Future litigation
could result in significant costs and divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations and the implementation
of our business strategy. 

Our
business may suffer if we are unable to manage our growth. 

If
we fail to effectively manage our growth, our ability to execute our business strategy could be impaired. Any unanticipated rapid growth
of our business may place a strain on our management, operations and financial systems. We need to ensure our existing systems and controls
are adequate to support our business and its anticipated growth. 

24 

Our
officers may allocate their time to other businesses thereby potentially limiting the amount of time they devote to our affairs. This
conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our operations. 

Our
officers are not required to commit their full time to our affairs, which could create a conflict of interest when allocating their time
between our operations and their other commitments. We presently expect each of our employees to devote such amount of time as they reasonably
believe is necessary to our business. Certain of our officers are engaged in other business endeavors. If our officers other business
affairs require them to devote more substantial amounts of time to such affairs, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs
and could have a negative impact on our operations. We cannot assure you these conflicts will be resolved in our favor. 

Our
ability to be successful will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. 

Our
ability to successfully carry out our business plan is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. We cannot assure you that any
of our key personnel will remain with us for the immediate or foreseeable future. The unexpected loss of the services of our key personnel
could have a detrimental effect on us. We may also be unable to attract and retain additional key personnel in the future. As of March 9, 2023, we only
have 672,190 shares available for issuance under our long-term incentive plan, which could limit our ability to attract and retain
key personnel, until such amount is increased. An inability to attract and retain key personnel may impact our ability to continue and
grow our operations. 

Our
officers and directors have fiduciary obligations to other companies and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining
to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Certain
of our officers and directors have fiduciary obligations to other companies engaged in medical device business activities. Accordingly,
they may participate in transactions and have obligations that may be in conflict or competition with our business. As a result, a potential
business opportunity may be presented by certain members of our board or management team to another entity prior to its presentation
to us and we may not be afforded the opportunity to engage in such a transaction. 

Our
business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by the political and economic conditions of the countries
in which we conduct business. 

Our
business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by the political and economic conditions of the countries
in which we conduct business. These factors include: 

challenges
 associated with cultural differences, languages and distance; 
 
 differences
 in clinical practices, needs, products, modalities and preferences; 
 
 longer
 payment cycles in some countries; 
 
 credit
 risks of many kinds; 
 
 legal
 and regulatory differences and restrictions; 
 
 currency
 exchange fluctuations; 
 
 foreign
 exchange controls that might prevent us from repatriating cash earned in certain countries; 
 
 political
 and economic instability and export restrictions; 
 
 variability
 in sterilization requirements for multi-usage surgical devices; 
 
 potential
 adverse tax consequences; 
 
 higher
 cost associated with doing business internationally; 
 
 challenges
 in implementing educational programs required by our approach to doing business; 
 
 negative
 economic developments in economies around the world and the instability of governments, including
 the threat of war, terrorist attacks, epidemic or civil unrest; 
 
 adverse
 changes in laws and governmental policies, especially those affecting trade and investment; 
 
 health
 epidemics and /or pandemics, such as the epidemics resulting from the Ebola virus, or the
 enterovirus, or the avian influenza virus, or the pandemic resulting from a novel strain
 of a coronavirus designated Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus 2 
 - or SARS-CoV-2 , which may adversely affect our workforce as well as our local
 suppliers and customers; 
 
 import
 or export licensing requirements imposed by governments; 
 
 differing
 labor standards; 
 
 differing
 levels of protection of intellectual property; 
 
 the
 threat that our operations or property could be subject to nationalization and expropriation; 
 
 varying
 practices of the regulatory, tax, judicial and administrative bodies in the jurisdictions
 where we operate; and 
 
 potentially
 burdensome taxation and changes in foreign tax. 

Our
business may be adversely affected by health epidemics and or pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic may have an adverse impact on our operations, supply chains, and distribution systems and /or those of our contractors
of our laboratory partner, and increase our expenses, including as a result of impacts associated with preventive and precautionary measures
being taken, restrictions on travel, quarantine polices. Such adverse impact may include, for example, the inability of our employees
and /or those of our contractors or laboratory partner to perform their work or curtail their services provided to us. 

In
addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted the United States healthcare and healthcare regulatory systems which could divert
healthcare resources away from, or materially delay United States Food and Drug Administration FDA approval with respect
to our products. 

25 

Furthermore,
our clinical trials have been and may be further affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, as site initiation and patient enrollment may be
delayed, for example, due to prioritization of hospital resources toward the virus and /or illness response, as well as travel restrictions
imposed by governments, and the inability to access clinical test sites for initiation and monitoring. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic may have an adverse impact on the economies and financial markets of many countries, including the United States, resulting
in an economic downturn that could adversely affect demand for our products and services and /or our product candidates. 

Although
we are continuing to monitor and assess the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, the ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
(or a similar health epidemic) is highly uncertain and subject to change, and therefore, its impact on our consolidated financial condition,
consolidated results of operations, and /or consolidated cash flows, the adverse impact could be material. 

Failure
in our information technology or storage systems could significantly disrupt our operations and our research and development efforts,
which could adversely impact our revenues, as well as our research, development and commercialization efforts. 

Our
ability to execute our business strategy depends, in part, on the continued and uninterrupted performance of our information technology IT systems that support our operations and our research and development efforts, and those IT systems within the control
of our contract manufacturers and contract laboratories. The integrity and protection of our own data, and that of our customers and
employees, is critical to our business. The regulatory environment governing information, security and privacy laws is increasingly demanding
and continues to evolve. IT systems are vulnerable to damage from a variety of sources, including telecommunications or network failures,
malicious human acts and natural disasters. Moreover, despite network security and back-up measures, some of our servers are potentially
vulnerable to physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses and similar disruptive problems. Despite the precautionary measures
we have taken to prevent unanticipated problems that could affect our IT systems, and the precautionary measures taken by our contract
parties, sustained or repeated system failures that interrupt our ability to generate and maintain data, could adversely affect our ability
to operate our business. Furthermore, any breach in our IT systems could lead to the unauthorized access, disclosure and use of non-public
information, including protected health information, which is protected by HIPAA and other laws. Any such access, disclosure, or other
loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information,
and damage to our reputation. 

System
upgrades, enhancements and replacements, as well as new systems, are required from time to time, and require significant expenditures
and allocation of valuable employee resources. Delays in integration or disruptions to our business from implementation of these new
or upgraded systems could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and operating results. There can be no assurance
that our process of improving existing systems, developing new systems to support our expanding operations, integrating new systems,
protecting confidential patient information, and improving service levels will not be delayed or that additional systems issues will
not arise in the future. Failure to adequately protect and maintain the integrity of our information systems issues and data may result
in a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

We
may become the subject of various claims, threats of litigation, litigation or investigations which could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, results of operations or price of our common stock. 

We
may become subject to various claims, threats of litigation, litigation or investigations, including commercial disputes and employee
claims, and from time to time may be involved in governmental or regulatory investigations or similar matters. Any claims asserted against
us or our management, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, could harm our reputation and have an adverse impact on our relationship
with our clients, distribution partners and other third parties and could lead to additional related claims. Furthermore, there is no
guarantee that we will be successful in defending ourselves in pending or future litigation or similar matters under various laws. Any
judgments or settlements in any pending litigation or future claims, litigation or investigation could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, results of operations and price of our common stock. 

Risks
Relating to Regulatory Matters 

Any
future products or services we may develop may not be approved for sale in the U.S. or in any other country. In order to obtain approval,
we may need to conduct clinical trials necessary to support a FDA 510(k) notice or PMA application will be expensive and will require
the enrollment of large numbers of patients, and suitable patients may be difficult to identify and recruit. 

Our
only products for which we have obtained approval or clearance from the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority is our EsoCheck
cell sample collection device and our CarpX minimally invasive surgical device. In certain limited circumstances, we also may market
our products without such approval or clearance, as is the case for the EsoGuard LDT. Generally, however, neither we nor any future collaboration
partner can commercialize any products we may develop in the U.S. or in any foreign country without first obtaining regulatory approval
for the product, where applicable, from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. The approval route in the U.S. for any
products we may develop may be either via the PMA process, a de novo 510(k) pathway, or traditional 510(k). The PMA approval process
is more complex, costly and time consuming than the 510(k) process. Additional randomized, controlled clinical trials may be necessary
to obtain approval. The approval process may take several years to complete and may never be obtained. Before obtaining regulatory approvals
for the commercial sale of any product we may develop in the U.S., we must demonstrate with substantial evidence, gathered in preclinical
and well-controlled clinical studies, that the planned products are safe and effective for use for that target indication. We may not
conduct such a trial or may not successfully enroll or complete any such trial. Any products we may develop may not achieve the required
primary endpoint in the clinical trial and may not receive regulatory approval. We must also demonstrate that the manufacturing facilities,
processes and controls for any products we may develop are adequate. Moreover, obtaining regulatory approval in one country for marketing
of any products we may develop does not ensure we will be able to obtain regulatory approval in other countries, while a failure or delay
in obtaining regulatory approval in one country may have a negative effect on the regulatory process in other countries. Failure to obtain
regulatory approvals in foreign jurisdictions will prevent us from marketing our products internationally. 

26 

Even
if we or any future collaboration partner were to successfully obtain a regulatory approval for any product we may develop, any approval
might contain significant limitations related to use restrictions for specified age groups, warnings, precautions or contraindications,
or may be subject to burdensome post-approval study or risk management requirements. If we are unable to obtain regulatory approval for
any products, we may develop in one or more jurisdictions, or any approval contains significant limitations, we may not be able to obtain
sufficient revenue to justify commercial launch. Also, any regulatory approval of a product, once obtained, may be withdrawn. If we are
unable to successfully obtain regulatory approval to sell any products we may develop in the U.S. or other countries, our business, financial
condition, results of operations and growth prospects could be adversely affected. 

Initiating
and completing clinical trials necessary to support a FDA 510(k) notice or a PMA application will be time-consuming and expensive and
the outcome uncertain. Moreover, the results of early clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results, and any product
the Company advances into clinical trials may not have favorable results in early or later clinical trials. Conducting successful clinical
studies will require the enrollment of large numbers of patients, and suitable patients may be difficult to identify and recruit. Patient
enrollment in clinical trials and completion of patient participation and follow-up depend on many factors, including the size of the
patient population, the nature of the trial protocol, the attractiveness of, or the discomforts and risks associated with, the treatments
received by patients enrolled as subjects, the availability of appropriate clinical trial investigators, support staff, and proximity
of patients to clinical sites and ability to comply with the eligibility and exclusion criteria for participation in the clinical trial
and patient compliance. For example, patients may be discouraged from enrolling in our clinical trials if the trial protocol requires
them to undergo extensive post-treatment procedures or follow-up to assess the safety and effectiveness of our products or if they determine
that the treatments received under the trial protocols are not attractive or involve unacceptable risks or discomforts. Patients may
also not participate in our clinical trials if they choose to participate in contemporaneous clinical trials of competitive products.
In addition, patients participating in clinical trials may die before completion of the trial or suffer adverse medical events unrelated
to investigational products. Further, the FDA may require the Company to submit data on a greater number of patients than it originally
anticipated and/or for a longer follow-up period or change the data collection requirements or data analysis for any clinical trials.
Delays in patient enrollment or failure of patients to continue to participate in a clinical trial may cause an increase in costs and
delays in the approval and attempted commercialization of our products or result in the failure of the clinical trial. Such increased
costs and delays or failures could adversely affect our business, operating results and prospects. 

The
results of the Company s clinical trials may not support our product candidate claims or may result in the discovery of adverse
side effects. In addition, delays or termination of our clinical trials may have an adverse impact on our ability to commercialize our
product candidates. 

Because
of unanticipated delays, the Company has been unable to successfully complete its clinical trials related to the EsoGuard test to generate
clinical utility data showing that the results of the test influence s provider decisionmaking in providing medical care. As such
clinical utility data is important to decisions by payor s to provide reimbursement for the test, continued delays in such trials
will adversely impact our ability to commercialize the EsoGuard test and generate revenues from sales of the same. 

Even
if any of the Company s clinical trials are completed as planned, it cannot be certain that study results will support product
candidate claims or that the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities will agree with our conclusions regarding them. Success in pre-clinical
evaluation and early clinical trials does not ensure that later clinical trials will be successful, and we cannot be sure that the later
trials will replicate the results of prior trials and pre-clinical studies. The clinical trial process may fail to demonstrate that our
product candidates are safe and effective for the proposed indicated uses or otherwise influence medical decisions in the manner we need
to show to evidence the clinical utility of our product candidates, which could cause us to abandon a product candidate and may delay
development of others. In addition, if clinical data does not support our product candidate claims, the FDA could then bring legal or
regulatory enforcement actions against the Company and/or its products including, but not limited to, recalls or requirements for pre-market
510(k) authorizations. The Company can give no assurance that its data will be substantiated in studies involving more patients. In such
a case, the Company may never achieve significant revenues or profitability. Any delay or termination of our clinical trials will delay
the filing of any related product submissions and, ultimately, our ability to commercialize our product candidates and generate revenues
(in particular where evidence of clinical utility is a critical factor to payor s decisions around reimbursement). It is also possible
that patients enrolled in clinical trials will experience adverse side effects that are not currently part of the product candidate s
profile. 

Even
if we receive regulatory approval for any product we may develop, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued
regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense and subject us to penalties if we fail to comply with applicable
regulatory requirements. 

Once
regulatory approval has been obtained, the approved product and its manufacturer are subject to continual review by the FDA or non-U.S.
regulatory authorities. Our regulatory approval for any products we may develop may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for
which the product may be marketed. Future approvals may contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing follow-up studies
to monitor the safety and efficacy of the approved product. In addition, we are subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements
by the FDA and other regulatory authorities with regard to the labeling, packaging, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion
and recordkeeping for our products. In addition, we are required to comply with cGMP regulations regarding the manufacture of any products
we may develop, which include requirements related to quality control and quality assurance as well as the corresponding maintenance
of records and documentation. Further, regulatory authorities must approve these manufacturing facilities before they can be used to
manufacture drug products, and these facilities are subject to continual review and periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory
authorities for compliance with cGMP regulations. If we or a third party discover previously unknown problems with a product, such as
adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, a regulatory
authority may impose restrictions on that product, the manufacturer or us, including requiring withdrawal of the product from the market
or suspension of manufacturing. 

27 

Healthcare
reform measures could hinder or prevent our products commercial success. 

There
likely will be legislative and regulatory proposals at the federal and state levels directed at containing or lowering the cost of health
care. We cannot predict the initiatives that may be adopted in the future or their full impact. The continuing efforts of the government,
insurance companies, managed care organizations and other payors of healthcare services to contain or reduce costs of health care may
adversely affect: 

our
 ability to set a price that we believe is fair for our products; 

our
 ability to generate revenue and achieve or maintain profitability; and 

the
 availability of capital. 

Further,
changes in regulatory requirements and guidance may occur, both in the United States and in foreign countries, and we may need to amend
clinical study protocols to reflect these changes. Amendments may require us to resubmit our clinical study protocols to IRB s
for reexamination, which may impact the costs, timing or successful completion of a clinical study. In light of widely publicized events
concerning the safety risk of certain drug and medical device products, regulatory authorities, members of Congress, the Governmental
Accounting Office, medical professionals and the general public have raised concerns about potential safety issues. These events have
resulted in the recall and withdrawal of medical device products, revisions to product labeling that further limit use of products and
establishment of risk management programs that may, for instance, restrict distribution of certain products or require safety surveillance
or patient education. The increased attention to safety issues may result in a more cautious approach by the FDA or other regulatory
authorities to clinical studies and the drug approval process. Data from clinical studies may receive greater scrutiny with respect to
safety, which may make the FDA or other regulatory authorities more likely to terminate or suspend clinical studies before completion
or require longer or additional clinical studies that may result in substantial additional expense and a delay or failure in obtaining
approval or approval for a more limited indication than originally sought. 

Given
the serious public health risks of high profile adverse safety events with certain products, the FDA or other regulatory authorities
may require, as a condition of approval, costly risk evaluation and mitigation strategies, which may include safety surveillance, restricted
distribution and use, patient education, enhanced labeling, special packaging or labeling, expedited reporting of certain adverse events,
preapproval of promotional materials and restrictions on direct-to-consumer advertising. 

If
we fail to comply with healthcare regulations, we could face substantial penalties and our business, operations and financial condition
could be adversely affected. 

Even
though we do not and will not control referrals of healthcare services or bill directly to Medicare, Medicaid or other third-party payors,
certain federal and state healthcare laws and regulations pertaining to fraud and abuse and patients rights are and will be applicable
to our business. We could be subject to healthcare fraud and abuse and patient privacy regulation by both the federal government and
the states in which we conduct our business. The regulations that may affect our ability to operate include, without limitation: 

the
 federal healthcare program Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, any
 person from knowingly and willfully offering, soliciting, receiving or providing remuneration,
 directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual
 for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service for which payment may
 be made under federal healthcare programs, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs; 
 
 the
 U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, which prohibits payments or the provision of
 anything of value to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business; 
 
 the
 federal False Claims Act, or FCA, which prohibits, among other things, individuals or entities
 from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, false claims, or knowingly using false
 statements, to obtain payment from the federal government, and which may apply to entities
 like us which provide coding and billing advice to customers; 
 
 federal
 criminal laws that prohibit executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program
 or making false statements relating to healthcare matters; 
 
 the
 federal transparency requirements under the Health Care Reform Law requires manufacturers
 of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies to report to the Department of Health and
 Human Services information related to physician payments and other transfers of value and
 physician ownership and investment interests; 
 
 the
 federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health
 Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, which governs the conduct of
 certain electronic healthcare transactions and protects the security and privacy of protected
 health information; and 
 
 state
 law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims
 laws which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including
 commercial insurers. 

If
our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us,
we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations.
Any penalties, damages, fines, curtailment or restructuring of our operations could adversely affect our ability to operate our business
and our financial results. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause
us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention from the operation of our business. Moreover, achieving
and sustaining compliance with applicable federal and state privacy, security and fraud laws may prove costly. 

28 

The
Company s medical products may in the future be subject to product recalls that could harm its reputation, business and financial
results. 

The
FDA has the authority to require the recall of commercialized medical device products in the event of material deficiencies or defects
in design or manufacture. In the case of the FDA, the authority to require a recall must be based on an FDA finding that there is a reasonable
probability that the device would cause serious injury or death. Manufacturers may, under their own initiative, recall a product if any
material deficiency in a device is found. A government-mandated or voluntary recall by the Company or one of its distributors could occur
as a result of component failures, manufacturing errors, design or labeling defects or other deficiencies and issues. Recalls of any
of the Company s products would divert managerial and financial resources and have an adverse effect on its financial condition
and results of operations. The FDA requires that certain classifications of recalls be reported to the FDA within ten (10) working days
after the recall is initiated. Companies are required to maintain certain records of recalls, even if they are not reportable to the
FDA. The Company may initiate voluntary recalls involving its products in the future that the Company determines do not require notification
of the FDA. If the FDA disagrees with the Company s determinations, they could require the Company to report those actions as recalls.
A future recall announcement could harm the Company s reputation with customers and negatively affect its sales. In addition, the
FDA could take enforcement action for failing to report the recalls when they were conducted. No recalls of the Company s medical
products have been reported to the FDA. 

If
the Company s medical products cause or contribute to a death or a serious injury, or malfunction in certain ways, we will be subject
to medical device reporting regulations, which can result in voluntary corrective actions or agency enforcement actions. 

Under
the FDA medical device reporting regulations, medical device manufacturers are required to report to the FDA information that a device
has or may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or has malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute
to death or serious injury if the malfunction of the device or one of our similar devices were to recur. If the Company fails to report
these events to the FDA within the required timeframes, or at all, the FDA could take enforcement action against the Company. Any such
adverse event involving its products also could result in future voluntary corrective actions, such as recalls or customer notifications,
or agency action, such as inspection or enforcement action. Any corrective action, whether voluntary or involuntary, as well as defending
ourselves in a lawsuit, will require the dedication of the Company s time and capital, distract management from operating our business,
and may harm its reputation and financial results. 

If
the Company is found to be promoting the use of its devices for unapproved or off-label uses or engaging in other noncompliant
activities, the Company may be subject to recalls, seizures, fines, penalties, injunctions, adverse publicity, prosecution, or other
adverse actions, resulting in damage to its reputation and business. 

The
Company s labeling, advertising, promotional materials and user training materials must comply with the FDA and other applicable
laws and regulations, including the prohibition of the promotion of a medical device for a use that has not been cleared or approved
by the FDA. Obtaining 510(k) clearance or PMA approval only permits the Company to promote its products for the uses specifically cleared
by the FDA. Use of a device outside its cleared or approved indications is known as off-label use. Physicians and consumers
may use the Company s products off-label because the FDA does not restrict or regulate a physician s choice of treatment
within the practice of medicine nor is there oversight on patient use of over-the-counter devices. Although the Company may request additional
cleared indications for our current products, the FDA may deny those requests, require additional expensive clinical data to support
any additional indications or impose limitations on the intended use of any cleared product as a condition of clearance. Even if regulatory
clearance or approval of a product is granted, such clearance or approval may be subject to limitations on the intended uses for which
the product may be marketed and reduce our potential to successfully commercialize the product and generate revenue from the product. 

If
the FDA determines that the Company s labeling, advertising, promotional materials, or user training materials, or representations
made by Company personnel, include the promotion of an off-label use for the device, or that the Company has made false or misleading
or inadequately substantiated promotional claims, or claims that could potentially change the regulatory status of the product, the agency
could take the position that these materials have misbranded the Company s devices and request that the Company modifies its labeling,
advertising, or user training or promotional materials and/or subject the Company to regulatory or legal enforcement actions, including
the issuance of an Untitled Letter or a Warning Letter, injunction, seizure, recall, adverse publicity, civil penalties, criminal penalties,
or other adverse actions. It is also possible that other federal, state, or foreign enforcement authorities might take action if they
consider the Company s labeling, advertising, promotional, or user training materials to constitute promotion of an unapproved
use, which could result in significant fines, penalties, or other adverse actions under other statutory authorities, such as laws prohibiting
false claims for reimbursement. In that event, we would be subject to extensive fines and penalties and the Company s reputation
could be damaged and adoption of the products would be impaired. Although the Company intends to refrain from statements that could be
considered off-label promotion of its products, the FDA or another regulatory agency could disagree and conclude that the Company has
engaged in off-label promotion. For example, the Company has made statements regarding some of its devices that the FDA may view as off-label
promotion. In addition, any such off-label use of the Company s products may increase the risk of injury to patients, and, in turn,
the risk of product liability claims, and such claims are expensive to defend and could divert the Company s management s
attention and result in substantial damage awards against the Company. 

29 

Risks
Associated with Ownership of Our Common Stock 

We
may issue shares of our common and /or preferred stock in the future which could reduce the equity interest of our stockholders and might
cause a change in control of our ownership. 

Our
certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 250,000,000 shares of common stock, par value .001 per share, and 20,000,000
shares of preferred stock, par value .001 per share. We may issue a substantial number of additional shares of our common stock or preferred
stock, or a combination of common and preferred stock, to raise additional funds or in connection with any strategic acquisition. The
issuance of additional shares of our common stock or any number of shares of our preferred stock: 

may
 significantly reduce the equity interest of investors; 
 
 may
 subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights
 senior to those afforded to our common stockholders; 
 
 may
 cause a change in control if a substantial number of our shares of common stock are issued,
 which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards,
 if any, and most likely also result in the resignation or removal of some or all of our present
 officers and directors; and 
 
 may
 adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock. 

Our
subsidiary Lucid may issue shares of its common and/or preferred stock in the future which could reduce the equity interest of PAVmed
in Lucid and might cause us to cease to control a majority of the voting stock of Lucid. 

As of the date hereof, our subsidiary
Lucid has sold 13.625 million in shares of Series A Preferred Stock. If the maximum amount of common stock underlying such securities
were issued, the percentage of shares of Lucid common stock held by PAVmed would be reduced from approximately 72 to approximately 59 .
This reduced percentage would be further diluted in the event of future convertible debt or stock issuances by Lucid or by issuances under
Lucid s long-term incentive plan and employee stock purchase plan. While PAVmed would still retain a large ownership interest in
Lucid in such event, it may cease to control the vote on matters requiring shareholder approval, including the election of Lucid s
board of directors. 

Our
management and their affiliates control a substantial interest in us and thus may influence certain actions requiring a stockholder vote. 

As
of December 31, 2022, our management and their affiliates collectively owned approximately 10 of our issued and outstanding shares
of common stock. Accordingly, these individuals would have considerable influence regarding the outcome of any transaction that requires
stockholder approval. Furthermore, our Board of Directors is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve
for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. As a consequence of our staggered 
Board of Directors, only a minority of the Board of Directors will be considered for election in any given year and our initial stockholders,
because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. 

There
can be no assurance that our common stock will continue to trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market or another national securities exchange. 

There
can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to meet Nasdaq Capital Market listing standards. If we are unable to maintain compliance
with all applicable listing standards, our common stock may no longer be listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market or another national securities
exchange and the liquidity and market price of our common stock may be adversely affected. On December 29, 2022, the Company received
a notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC stating that, for the prior 30 consecutive business
days (through December 28, 2022), the closing bid price of the Company s common stock had been below the minimum of 1 per share
required for continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The notification letter stated that the Company would be afforded 180 calendar
days (until June 27, 2023) to regain compliance. The Company intends to regain compliance through a reverse stock split. A special annual
meeting at which the reverse stock split will be voted on is scheduled for March 31, 2023. However, there can be no assurance that the
Company will be able to obtain the requisite shareholder vote to approve such a transaction. 

A
robust public market for our common stock may not be sustained, which could affect your ability to sell our common stock or depress the
market price of our common stock. 

We
are unable to predict whether an active trading market for our common stock will be sustained. If an active market is not sustained for
any reason, it may be difficult for you to sell your securities at the time you wish to sell them, at a price that is attractive to you,
or at all. If the proposed reverse stock split discussed above is completed, the related reduction in outstanding shares would likely
reduce the liquidity in our common stock. 

Our
stock price may be volatile, and purchasers of our securities could incur substantial losses. 

Our
stock price is likely to be volatile. The stock market in general, and the market for life science companies, and medical device companies
in particular, have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies.
The market price for our common stock may be influenced by many factors, including the following: 

factors
 in the public trading market for our stock that may produce price movements that may or may
 not comport with macro, industry or company-specific fundamentals, including, without limitation,
 the sentiment of retail investors (including as may be expressed on financial trading and
 other social media sites and online forums), the direct access by retail investors to broadly
 available trading platforms, the amount and status of short interest in our securities, access
 to margin debt, trading in options and other derivatives on our common stock and any related
 hedging and other trading factors 

30 

speculation
 in the press or investment community about our company or industry 
 
 our
 ability to successfully commercialize, and realize revenues from sales of, any products we
 may develop; 
 
 the
 performance, safety and side effects of any products we may develop; 
 
 the
 success of competitive products or technologies; 
 
 results
 of clinical studies of any products we may develop or those of our competitors; 
 
 regulatory
 or legal developments in the U.S. and other countries, especially changes in laws or regulations
 applicable to any products we may develop; 
 
 introductions
 and announcements of new products by us, our commercialization partners, or our competitors,
 and the timing of these introductions or announcements; 
 
 actions
 taken by regulatory agencies with respect to our products, clinical studies, manufacturing
 process or sales and marketing terms; 
 
 variations
 in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 
 
 the
 success of our efforts to acquire or in-license additional products or other products we
 may develop; 
 
 developments
 concerning our collaborations, including but not limited to those with our sources of manufacturing
 supply and our commercialization partners; 
 
 developments
 concerning our ability to bring our manufacturing processes to scale in a cost-effective
 manner; 
 
 announcements
 by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures
 or capital commitments; 
 
 developments
 or disputes concerning patents or other proprietary rights, including patents, litigation
 matters and our ability to obtain patent protection for our products; 
 
 our
 ability or inability to raise additional capital and the terms on which we raise it; 
 
 the
 recruitment or departure of key personnel; 
 
 changes
 in the structure of healthcare payment systems; 
 
 market
 conditions in the medical device, pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors; 
 
 actual
 or anticipated changes in earnings estimates or changes in stock market analyst recommendations
 regarding our common stock, other comparable companies or our industry generally; 
 
 trading
 volume of our common stock; 
 
 sales
 of our common stock by us or our stockholders; 
 
 general
 economic, industry and market conditions; and 
 
 the
 other risks described in this Risk Factors section. 

These
broad market and industry factors may seriously harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. In
the past, following periods of volatility in the market, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies.
Such litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management s attention and resources,
which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 

Our
outstanding warrants and other convertible securities may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were 94,510,537 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding, and, as of such date, we also had issued
and outstanding: 

(i) stock
options to purchase 11,568,655 shares of our common stock at a weighted average exercise price of 2.71 per share, with such total number
inclusive of both stock options granted under the PAVmed Inc. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan PAVmed Inc. 2014 Equity Plan and
2,563,843 shares of our common stock reserved for issuance, but not subject to outstanding stock-based equity awards under the PAVmed
Inc. 2014 Equity Plan; and 626,081 shares of our common stock reserved for issuance under the PAVmed Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan PAVmed Inc. ESPP 

(ii) Series
Z Warrants to purchase 11,937,450 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 1.60 per share; and 

(iii) Series
B Convertible Preferred Stock of 1,205,759 shares, convertible into the same number of shares of our common stock. 

In
addition, the Senior Convertible Notes have a current outstanding principal amount of 32.7 million, which are convertible into 6,549,400
shares of our common stock (assuming the Senior Convertible Notes were converted in full on such date at the initial fixed conversion
price of 5.00 per share). The number of shares of our common stock underlying the Senior Convertible Notes may increase if we conduct
additional closings under the March 2022 SPA, pursuant to which we may issue Senior Convertible Notes with up to an additional 11,250,000
of principal amount. Furthermore, the number of shares of common stock to be issued under the Senior Convertible Notes may be substantially
greater than the estimate set forth in this paragraph, if we pay the interest and the installments of principal in shares of our common
stock, because in such cases (and in certain other cases as described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) the number of shares
issued will be determined based on the then current market price (but in any event not more than fixed conversion price per share or
less than a floor price specified in the notes). We cannot predict the market price of our common stock at any future date, and therefore,
we are unable to accurately forecast or predict the total amount of shares that ultimately may be issued under these notes. In addition,
the number of shares issued under these notes may be substantially greater if we voluntarily lower the conversion price, which we are
permitted to do pursuant to the terms thereof. 

The
issuance of these shares will dilute our other equity holders, which could cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

31 

We
do not intend to pay any dividends on our common stock at this time. 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our shares of common stock to date. The payment of cash dividends on our common stock in the future
will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition and will be within the
discretion of our Board of Directors. It is the present intention of our Board of Directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in
our business operations and, accordingly, our Board of Directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends on our common stock in the
foreseeable future. As a result, any gain you will realize on our common stock (including common stock obtained upon exercise of our
warrants) will result solely from the appreciation of such shares. 

We
are subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure expectations and regulations that impact compliance costs and risks
of noncompliance. 

We
are subject to changing rules and regulations promulgated by a number of governmental and self-regulatory organizations, including the
SEC and Nasdaq, as well as evolving investor expectations around corporate governance and environmental and social practices and disclosures.
These rules and regulations continue to evolve in scope and complexity, and many new requirements have been created in response to laws
enacted by the U.S. and foreign governments, making compliance more difficult and uncertain. The increase in costs to comply with such
evolving expectations, rules and regulations, as well as any risk of noncompliance, could adversely impact us. 

We
incur significant costs as a result of our and Lucid Diagnostics operating as a public company, and our management will be required to
devote substantial time to compliance initiatives. 

As
a public company, with a majority-owned subsidiary that is also a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses.
We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the other rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission,
or SEC, and the rules and regulations of Nasdaq or any other national securities exchange on which our securities are then trading. Compliance
with the various reporting and other requirements applicable to public companies requires considerable time and attention of management.
For example, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules of the SEC and Nasdaq have imposed various requirements on public companies, including
requiring establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial
amount of time to these compliance initiatives. These rules and regulations result in significant legal and financial compliance costs
and make some activities more time-consuming and costlier. 

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and disclosure
controls and procedures. In particular, we must perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal control over financial
reporting to allow management to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as required by Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. In addition, we will be required to have our independent registered public accounting firm attest to the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting beginning with our annual report on Form 10-K following the date on which
we are no longer a smaller reporting company. Our compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we incur substantial
accounting expense and expend significant management efforts. We currently do not have an internal audit group, and as our business expands,
we will need to hire additional accounting and financial staff with appropriate public company experience and technical accounting knowledge.
If we are not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner, or if we or our independent registered public accounting
firm identify deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses, the market price
of our stock could decline and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which would
require additional financial and management resources. 

Our
ability to successfully implement our business plan and comply with Section 404 requires us to be able to prepare timely and accurate
financial statements. We expect that we will need to continue to improve existing, and implement new operational and financial systems,
procedures and controls to manage our business effectively. Any delay in the implementation of, or disruption in the transition to, new
or enhanced systems, procedures or controls, may cause our operations to suffer and we may be unable to conclude that our internal control
over financial reporting is effective and to obtain an unqualified report on internal controls from our auditors if required under Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. This, in turn, could have an adverse impact on trading prices for our common stock, and could adversely
affect our ability to access the capital markets. 

Under
our management services agreement with Lucid Diagnostics, many of our personnel and other resources are devoted to ensuring Lucid Diagnostics
complies with the above requirements applicable to public companies. This further exhausts management and other personnel resources that
could be used for other revenue-generating activities. 

If
we experience material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in the future, our business may be harmed. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for evaluating and
reporting on the effectiveness of our system of internal control. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. As a public company, we are required to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and other
rules that govern public companies. In particular, we are required to certify our compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
which requires us to furnish annually a report by management on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 

32 

Although
our management determined that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022, we may experience
material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. Any necessary remediation efforts would place a significant
burden on management and add increased pressure to our financial resources and processes. If we were are unable to successfully remediate
any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting that may be identified in the future in a timely manner, the
accuracy and timing of our financial reporting may be adversely affected; our liquidity, our access to capital markets, the perceptions
of our creditworthiness may be adversely affected; we may be unable to maintain or regain compliance with applicable securities laws,
the listing requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market; we may be subject to regulatory investigations and penalties; investors may lose
confidence in our financial reporting; our reputation may be harmed; and our stock price may decline. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research, about our business, our stock
price and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock will depend, in part, on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about
us or our business. If any analyst who covers us downgrades our stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business,
our stock price would likely decline. In addition, if our operating results fail to meet the forecast of analysts, our stock price would
likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for
our common stock could decrease, which might cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. 

Provisions
in our corporate charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us more difficult and may prevent attempts by
our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 

Provisions
in our corporate charter and our bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control of us that
stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares.
These provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock, thereby
depressing the market price of our common stock. In addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders
to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our Board of Directors.
Because our Board of Directors is responsible for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions could in turn affect
any attempt by our stockholders to replace current members of our management team. Among others, these provisions include the following. 

our
 Board of Directors is divided into three classes with staggered three-year terms which may
 delay or prevent a change of our management or a change in control; 
 
 our
 Board of Directors has the right to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion
 of our Board of Directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which will
 prevent stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our Board of Directors; 
 
 our
 certificate of incorporation prohibits cumulative voting in the election of directors, which
 limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates; 
 
 our
 stockholders are required to provide advance notice and additional disclosures in order to
 nominate individuals for election to our Board of Directors or to propose matters that can
 be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential
 acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate
 of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company; and 
 
 our
 Board of Directors is able to issue, without stockholder approval, shares of undesignated
 preferred stock, which makes it possible for our Board of Directors to issue preferred stock
 with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to
 acquire us. 

Moreover,
because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ),
which prohibits a person who owns in excess of 15.0 of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us for a period of
three years after the date of the transaction in which the person acquired in excess of 15.0 of our outstanding voting stock, unless
the merger or combination is approved in a prescribed manner. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Property 

Our
corporate offices are located at 360 Madison Avenue, 25th Floor, New York, NY 10017. The lease for this space is for seven years and
eight months, starting on February 1, 2023, and may not be terminated prior to expiration of its stated term, except in limited circumstances
due to misconduct by our landlord. The Company or its subsidiaries also have entered into leases for a research and development facility
in Massachusetts with 7,375 square feet, which has a remaining term of 4.25 years, a CLIA laboratory in California with 21,019 square
feet, which has a remaining term of 2 years, and an office space in Pennsylvania with 4,300 square feet, which has a remaining
term of 4.8 years. We also have lease agreements for our Lucid Test Centers in various locations in Arizona, California, Colorado,
Florida, Idaho, Illinois, Nevada, Ohio, Oregon, Texas and Utah that in the aggregate approximate 11,429 square feet. At
this time, we consider our facility space to be commensurate with our current operations. Notwithstanding, we may obtain additional space
in the future, as warranted by our business operations. 

Effective
with the respective lease commencement dates, subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company and its subsidiaries have entered into additional
lease agreements for additional Lucid Testing Centers with an aggregate of approximately 2,046 square feet. 

33 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

See
Note 12, Commitment and Contingencies - Legal Proceedings , of the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report,
for a description of certain material legal proceedings involving the Company, which description is incorporated herein by reference. 

Delaware
Court of Chancery Complaint 

On
November 2, 2020, a stockholder of the Company, on behalf of himself and other similarly situated stockholders, filed a complaint in
the Delaware Court of Chancery alleging broker non-votes were not properly counted in accordance with the Company s bylaws at the
Company s Annual Meeting of Stockholders on July 24, 2020, and, as a result, asserted certain matters deemed to have been approved
were not so approved (including matters relating to the increase in the size of the PAVmed Inc. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan
and the PAVmed Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan). The relief sought under the complaint included certain corrective actions by the Company,
but did not seek any specific monetary damages. The Company did not believe it was clear the prior approval of these matters was invalid
or otherwise ineffective. However, to avoid any uncertainty and the expense of further litigation, on January 5, 2021, the Company s
board of directors determined it would be advisable and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to re-submit these
proposals to the Company s stockholders for ratification and/or approval. In this regard, the Company held a special meeting of
stockholders on March 4, 2021, at which such matters were ratified and approved. The parties reached agreement on a Settlement Term Sheet
Agreement, dated January 28, 2021, to settle the complaint, the terms of which did not contemplate payment of monetary damages to the
putative class in the proceeding. In connection with the foregoing, on August 3, 2022, the parties agreed that plaintiff s counsel
would not seek an award from the Court in excess of 450,000, to be paid by the Company, upon Court approval, as compensation for the
benefits conferred by the settlement, and the Company would not object to an award of up to such maximum amount. The settlement and a
plaintiff s fee award of 450,000 were approved by the Court on November 3, 2022, with such award having been subsequently paid
by the Company in December 2022. 

Benchmark
Investments, Inc. / Benchmark Investments LLC 

On
December 23, 2020, Benchmark Investments, Inc. filed a complaint against the Company in the U.S. District Court of the Southern District
of New York alleging the registered direct offerings of shares of common stock of the Company completed in December 2020 were in violation
of provisions set forth in an engagement letter between the Company and Kingswood Capital Markets, a division of Benchmark
Investments, Inc. On December 16, 2021, the court granted PAVmed s motion to dismiss the case for lack of subject matter jurisdiction.
On February 7, 2022, Benchmark Investments LLC, which claimed to be a successor to Benchmark Investments, Inc., filed a new complaint
in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County, asserting claims similar to those in the federal action, and adding to
its allegations that financings conducted by the Company in January 2021 and February 2021 also violated the Company s engagement
letter with Kingswood Capital Markets. In November 2022, the Company filed its answer to such complaint and asserted certain counterclaims
against Kingswood Capital Markets, including for fraudulent inducement and breach of contract. The Company disagrees with the allegations
made by Kingswood Capital Markets set forth in the complaint and intends to vigorously contest the complaint. On February 13, 2023, the
Company entered into a settlement agreement (the Settlement Agreement with EF Hutton, a division of Benchmark Investments,
LLC (f/k/a Kingswood Capital Markets, a division of Benchmark Investments, Inc.) EF Hutton and Benchmark Investments,
LLC (f/k/a Benchmark Investments, Inc.). Under the Settlement Agreement, the Company agreed to pay EF Hutton 450,000 in full and final
satisfaction of all claims and disputes the parties made or could have made against one another arising out of or relating in any way
to the above described actions. The Settlement Agreement also included a mutual release and certain other covenants that are customary
for agreements of this nature. On February 17, 2023, the Company wired the settlement payment to EF Hutton. On that same date, the parties
filed a stipulation of discontinuance, ending the action and resolving the dispute. 

In
the ordinary course of our business, particularly as it begins commercialization of its products, the Company may be subject to certain
other legal actions and claims, including product liability, consumer, commercial, tax and governmental matters, which may arise from
time to time. Except as otherwise noted herein, the Company does not believe it is currently a party to any other pending legal proceedings.
Notwithstanding, legal proceedings are subject-to inherent uncertainties, and an unfavorable outcome could include monetary damages,
and excessive verdicts can result from litigation, and as such, could result in a material adverse impact on the Company s business,
financial position, results of operations, and /or cash flows. Additionally, although the Company has specific insurance for certain
potential risks, the Company may in the future incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims which may have a material adverse
impact on the Company s business, financial position, results of operations, and /or cash flows. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

34 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrants Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
for Common Equity 

Our
common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol PAVM and our Series Z Warrants are traded on the Nasdaq
Capital Market under the symbol PAVMZ. On December 29, 2022, we received a notice from the Listing Qualifications Department
of Nasdaq stating that, for the prior 30 consecutive business days (through December 28, 2022), the closing bid price of our common stock
had been below the minimum of 1 per share required for continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2).
The notification letter stated that the Company would be afforded 180 calendar days (until June 27, 2023) to regain compliance. See Recent
Developments Business Nasdaq Notice in Item 7 below for more information. 

Holders 

As
of March 9, 2023, there were 98,419,795 shares of our common stock outstanding. Our shares of common stock are held by an estimated
214 holders of record and we believe our shares of common stock are held by significantly more beneficial owners. 

Dividends 

Common
Stock 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date. Any future decisions regarding dividends will be made by our board of directors.
We do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future but expect to retain earnings to finance the growth of our business.
Subject to the restrictions described below and applicable law, our board of directors has complete discretion on whether to pay dividends.
Even if our board of directors decides to pay dividends, the form, frequency and amount will depend upon our future operations and earnings,
capital requirements and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions, amongst and other factors deemed relevant. 

As
long as the Senior Convertible Notes (see Liquidity and Capital Resources in Item 7 below) are outstanding, we may
not, directly or indirectly, redeem, or declare or pay any cash dividend or cash distribution on, any of our securities without the prior
express written consent of the purchasers of the Senior Convertible Notes (other than as required by the Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock). Furthermore, our common stock is junior to the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock with respect to dividends. 

Series
B Convertible Preferred Stock 

The
Series B Convertible Preferred Stock has a par value of 0.001 per share, no voting rights, a stated value of 3.00 per share, and at
the holders election, is convertible into shares of our common stock at a conversion price of 3.00 per share. 

The
Series B Convertible Preferred Stock accrues dividends at a rate of 8 per annum based on the 3.00 per share stated value. Dividends
are payable in arrears on January 1, April 1, July 1, and October 1, 2023. Dividends accrue and cumulate whether or not declared by our
board of directors. All accumulated and unpaid dividends compound quarterly at the rate of 8 of the stated value per annum. Dividends
are payable at our election in any combination of shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, cash or shares of our common stock. 

During
the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, at each of the respective holders election, a total of 45 and 210,448
shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock were converted into the same number of shares of common stock of PAVmed Inc. 

During
the period ended December 31, 2022, the Company s board of directors declared an aggregate of approximately 276 of Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock dividends, earned as of December 31, 2021, March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022, and September 30, 2022, which have been settled
by the issue of an additional aggregate 91,885 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. 

During
the period ended December 31, 2021, the Company s board of directors declared an aggregate of approximately 288 of Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock dividends, earned as of December 31, 2020, March 31, 2021, June 30, 2021, and September 30, 2021, which have been settled
by the issue of an additional aggregate 96,262 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, in January 2023, the Company s board of directors declared a Series B Convertible Preferred Stock dividend
earned as of December 31, 2022 and payable as of January 1, 2023, of approximately 72, to be settled by the issue of an additional 24,128
shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (with such dividend not recognized as a dividend payable as of December 31, 2022, as the
Company s board of directors had not declared such dividends payable as of such date). 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Except
as previously disclosed in our current reports on Form 8-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or as described under the heading Recent
Developments Financing in Item 7 below, we did not sell any unregistered securities or repurchase any of our securities
during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

35 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion and analysis of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our
consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Financial Statements ).
Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including
information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business and related financing, includes forward-looking statements involving
risks and uncertainties and should be read together with the Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors 
sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of important factors which could cause actual results to differ materially
from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. Unless
the context otherwise requires, references herein to we , us , and our , and to the Company 
or PAVmed are to PAVmed Inc. and Subsidiaries, including its majority-owned subsidiaries, including Lucid Diagnostics Inc. Lucid Diagnostics or LUCID and Veris Health Inc. Veris Health or VERIS ). 

Overview 

PAVmed
is a highly differentiated, multi-product, commercial-stage medical technology company organized to advance a broad pipeline of innovative
medical technologies from concept to commercialization, employing a business model focused on capital efficiency and speed to market. 

Our
current central focus is predominantly on commercial expansion and execution including the acceleration of EsoGuard and Veris Cancer
Care Platform commercialization. As resources permit, we will continue to explore internal and external innovations that fulfill our
project selection criteria without limiting ourselves to any target specialty or condition. More broadly, we strive to maintain balance
within our pipeline with shorter-term, lower-risk projects with the prospect for rapid commercialization and revenue generation supporting
development of longer-term projects. At the same time, we are continuously re-assessing each project s long-term commercial potential
relative to other projects in our pipeline, accelerating or decelerating the project and reallocating resources accordingly. 

The
Company operates in one segment as a medical technology company, with the following lines of business: Diagnostics, Medical Devices and
Digital Health. Above in Part I, Item 1 - Business is a summary of each of our key products within these sectors, including in
particular EsoGuard and the Veris Cancer Care Platform, currently our two leading products. We are also pursuing a number of research
and development project and product opportunities across these three lines of business, which have either been developed internally or
have been presented to us by clinician innovators and academic medical institutions for consideration.. 

Recent
Developments 

Business

Status
of Lucid Clinical Trials 

Lucid
is currently seeking to accelerate its collection of clinical utility data through a range of trials that can be efficiently executed.
These efforts include a planned investigator-initiated, retrospective analysis of prospectively collected data on the approximately 400
San Antonio fire fighters who underwent testing as part of a community-sponsored cancer awareness event (in
respect of which we expect to publish results in the first half of 2023) ; an ongoing investigator-initiated, retrospective, single-center,
study with 500 patients (in respect of which we expect to publish results mid-2023), a virtual-patient randomized controlled trial with
intended recruitment of 100-200 physician participants (in respect of which we expect to publish
results this year) ; a Lucid-sponsored multi-center, prospective, observational study with 500 patients; and a Lucid-sponsored
registry at existing Lucid Test Centers, whereby all patients undergoing EsoCheck testing will be given the opportunity to provide informed
consent and contribute data about their risk factors, EsoGuard results, and subsequent diagnostic and/or therapeutic journey. Both Lucid-sponsored
observational/registry studies expect to have preliminary results and/or interim analysis before the end of 2023. 

As
previously disclosed, consequently, Lucid has decided to delay for the time being the two previously commenced clinical trials, the EsoGuard
screening study BE-1 and the EsoGuard case-control study BE-2 ), as Lucid is devoting
our clinical resources to the studies cited above, which we expect will more efficiently generate the clinical data Lucid is currently
prioritzing to drive EsoGuard commercialization. 

LucidDx
Labs Laboratory Operations Update 

On
February 14, 2023, Lucid Diagnostics and LucidDx Labs Inc. entered into an agreement (the MSA Termination Agreement with RDx, pursuant to which the parties mutually agreed to terminate the MSA-RDx without cause. The termination was effective as February
10, 2023. Until the termination of the MSA-RDx, RDx had continued to provide certain testing and related services for the Laboratory
in accordance with the terms of the MSA-RDx. Recently, however, Lucid accelerated the development of internal resources necessary to
operate the Laboratory entirely on its own. Accordingly, the Company believes that termination of the MSA-RDx will improve the efficiency
of the performance of the EsoGuard assay. 

Among
other things, the MSA Termination Agreement reduces the remaining amounts of the earnout payments and management fees due under the APA-RDx
and the MSA-RDx to 725,000 (from the 3,450,000 that would otherwise have been payable under the APA and MSA if the MSA had remained
in effect through the balance of its stated term), resulting in a net savings to Lucid Diagnostics of 2,725,000. The payment was satisfied
through the issuance of 553,436 shares of Lucid Diagnostics common stock on February 25, 2023. Lucid Diagnostics was not required
to make any cash payments in connection with the termination. 

#CheckYourFoodTube
Events 

In
January 2023, Lucid successfully completed its first #CheckYourFoodTube Precancer Testing Event, in partnership with Rachelle Hamblin,
M.D., M.P.H., and the San Antonio Fire Department (SAFD), to detect esophageal precancer in at-risk members of the department. The SAFD
testing event was held over two weekends in January, which has been designated as Firefighter Cancer Awareness Month by the International
Association of Fire Fighters (IAFF). A total of 391 members, nearly one-quarter of the department, who were deemed by Dr. Hamblin to
be at-risk for esophageal precancer, underwent a brief, on-site, noninvasive cell collection procedure, performed by Lucid clinical personnel
using its EsoCheck Esophageal Cell Collection Device. Firefighters with suspected esophageal precancer based on a positive
EsoGuard result were identified, including some less than forty years of age, and will undergo appropriate monitoring and treatment,
as indicated by clinical practice guidelines, to prevent progression to esophageal cancer. These events, which Lucid looks to expand
across the country, are an extension of Lucid s recently introduced and expanding satellite Lucid Test Center (sLTC) program, which
brings our precancer testing directly to patients at their physician s office and now at large testing day events. Lucid
demonstrated that its nurse practitioners can each perform up to fifty EsoCheck procedures in a day, and its laboratory team handled
over two hundred incoming samples in a day, while maintaining turnaround times at target. These successes provide an excellent foundation
for future testing events as we continue to drive EsoGuard commercialization using all the tools at our disposal. 

36 

Veris
Health Commercialization Update 

In
December 2022, Veris Health signed a license agreement for the Veris CCP software with its first customer, New Jersey Cancer Care. Since,
Veris Health onboarded the first cohort of patients of that practice onto the Veris CCP as well, and has signed license agreements with
two additional cancer centers. These successes lay the groundwork for Veris Health s expansion plans with respect to the Veris
CCP software as it seeks to onboard cancer centers and patients across the country. 

NASDAQ
Notice 

On
December 29, 2022, the Company received a notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq stating that, for the prior 30
consecutive business days (through December 28, 2022), the closing bid price of the Company s common stock had been below the minimum
of 1 per share required for continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). The notification letter
stated that the Company would be afforded 180 calendar days (until June 27, 2023) to regain compliance. In order to regain compliance,
the closing bid price of the Company s common stock must be at least 1 for a minimum of ten consecutive business days. In February
2023, the Company distributed a proxy statement for a special meeting of shareholders to be held on March 31, 2023 (the Special
Meeting ), at which the Company will be seeking approval of an amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, to
effect, at any time prior to the one-year anniversary date of the Special Meeting, (i) a reverse split of the Company s outstanding
shares of common stock at a specific ratio, ranging from 1-for-5 to 1-for-15, to be determined by the board of directors of the Company
in its sole discretion, and (ii) an associated reduction in the number of shares of common stock the Company is authorized to issue,
from 250,000,000 shares to 50,000,000 shares. If the proposed reverse stock split is approved and implemented, the Company anticipates
it will regain compliance with the Nasdaq requirements for continued listing. 

Payroll and Benefit Expense Reimbursement Agreement 

On
November 30, 2022, PAVmed and Lucid entered into a payroll and benefit expense reimbursement agreement (the PBERA ). Historically,
PAVmed has paid for certain payroll and benefit-related expenses in respect of Lucid s personnel on behalf of Lucid, and
Lucid has reimbursed PAVmed for the same. Pursuant to the PBERA, PAVmed will continue to pay such expenses, and Lucid will continue to
reimburse PAVmed for the same. The PBERA now provides that the expenses will be reimbursed on a quarterly basis or at such other frequency
as the parties may determine, in cash or, subject to approval by the board of directors of each of PAVmed and Lucid, in shares of Lucid s
common stock, with such shares valued at the volume weighted average price of such stock during the final ten trading days preceding
the later of the two dates on which such stock issuance is approved by the board of directors of each of PAVmed and Lucid (subject to
a floor price of 0.40 per share), or in a combination of cash and shares. However, in no event shall Lucid issue any shares of its common
stock to PAVmed in satisfaction of all or any portion of the expenses if the issuance of such shares of its common stock would exceed
the maximum number of shares of common stock that the Issuer may issue under the rules or regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ), unless Lucid obtains the approval of its stockholders as required by the applicable rules of the Nasdaq for issuances
of shares of its common stock in excess of such amount. 

Financing 

Securities
Purchase Agreement - March 31, 2022 - Senior Secured Convertible Note - April 4, 2022 and Senior Secured Convertible Note - September
8, 2022 

Effective
as of March 31, 2022, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement SPA with an accredited institutional investor Investor ,
 Lender , and /or Holder ), pursuant to which we agreed to sell, and the Investor agreed to purchase an aggregate
of 50.0 million face value principal of Senior Secured Convertible Notes. The SPA provided for the sale to the Investor of an initial
Senior Secured Convertible Note with a face value principal of 27.5 million, which closed on April 4, 2022 (the April 2022 Senior
Convertible Note ). The SPA also provided for sales of additional Senior Secured Convertible Notes in one or more additional closings
(upon the satisfaction of certain conditions), with an aggregate face value principal of up to an additional 22.5 million. The April
2022 Senior Convertible Note proceeds were 24.4 million after deducting a 2.5 million lender fee and the Company s offering costs
of approximately 0.6 million, inclusive primarily of 0.5 million placement agent fees. 

On
September 8, 2022, we completed an additional closing under the SPA, in which we sold to the Investor an additional Senior Secured Convertible
Note with a face value principal of 11.25 million (the September 2022 Senior Convertible Note ). The September 2022 Senior
Convertible Note proceeds were 10.0 million after deducting a 1.0 million lender fee and the Company s offering costs of approximately
 0.2 million, inclusive primarily of placement agent fees. 

See
Note 14, Debt , to the Financial Statements for further discussion of the SPA dated March 31, 2022 and the senior convertible notes. 

37 

Lucid
Diagnostics Inc. - Committed Equity Facility and ATM Facility 

In
March 2022, our majority-owned subsidiary, Lucid Diagnostics, entered into a committed equity facility with an affiliate of Cantor Fitzgerald Cantor ). Under the terms of the facility, Cantor committed to purchase up to 50 million of Lucid Diagnostics common stock
from time to time upon the request of Lucid Diagnostics. While there are distinct differences, the facility is structured similarly to
a traditional at-the-market equity facility, insofar as it allows Lucid Diagnostics to raise primary capital on a periodic basis at prices
based on the existing market price. Through December 31, 2022, 680,263 shares of common stock of Lucid Diagnostics were issued under
this facility for total proceeds of approximately 1.8 million. 

In November 2022, Lucid Diagnostics also entered into an at-the-market offering for up to 6.5 million
of its common stock that may be offered and sold under a Controlled Equity Offering Agreement between Lucid Diagnostics and Cantor Fitzgerald
 Co. In the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no Lucid Diagnostics shares sold through their at-the-market equity facility.
Subsequent to December 31, 2022, through March 9, 2023, Lucid Diagnostics sold 230,068 shares through its at-the-market equity facility
for approximately 0.3 million. 

Lucid
Diagnostics - Series A Preferred Stock Offering 

On
March 7, 2023, Lucid entered into subscription agreements for the sale of 13,625 shares (the Lucid Series A
Preferred Stock ). Each share of the Lucid Series A Preferred Stock has a stated value of 1,000 and a conversion price of
 1.394. The terms of the Lucid Series A Preferred Stock also include a one times preference on liquidation and a right to receive
dividends equal to 20 of the number of shares of Lucid common stock into which such Lucid Series A Preferred Stock is convertible,
payable on the one-year and two-year anniversary of the issuance date. The Lucid Series A Preferred Stock is a non-voting security,
other than with respect to limited matters related to changes in terms of the Lucid Series A Preferred Stock. The aggregate gross
proceeds from the sale of shares in such offering were 13.625
million. 

Lucid
Diagnostics - Private Placement - Securities Purchase Agreement 

Effective
as of March 13, 2023, Lucid entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement Lucid SPA with an accredited
institutional investor Lucid Investor , Lucid Lender , and /or Lucid Holder ), pursuant to
which Lucid agreed to sell, and the Lucid Investor agreed to purchase a Senior Secured Convertible Note with a face value principal
of up to 11.1 million (the March 2023 Lucid Senior Convertible Note ). The issuance of the March 2023 Lucid Senior
Convertible Note is subject to customary closing conditions. 

The
March 2023 Lucid Senior Secured Convertible Note would have a 7.875 annual stated interest rate, a contractual conversion price of 5.00
per share of Lucid s common stock (subject to standard adjustments in the event of any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination,
recapitalization or other similar transaction), and a contractual maturity date of the two-year anniversary of the date of issuance.
The March 2023 Lucid Senior Convertible Note would be convertible into or otherwise paid in shares of Lucid s common stock. 

Under
the March 2023 Lucid Senior Convertible Note, Lucid is and would be subject to certain customary affirmative and
negative covenants regarding the incurrence of indebtedness, the existence of liens, the repayment of indebtedness and the making of
investments, the payment of cash in respect of dividends, distributions or redemptions, the transfer of assets, the maturity of
other indebtedness, and transactions with affiliates, among other customary matters. Under the March 2023 Lucid Senior Convertible Note, Lucid would also be subject to financial
covenants requiring that (i) the amount of Lucid s available cash equal or exceed 5.0 million at all times, (ii) the ratio of (a) the
outstanding principal amount of the notes issued under the Lucid SPA, accrued and unpaid interest thereon and accrued and unpaid
late charges to (b) Lucid s average market capitalization over the prior ten trading days, not exceed 30 , and (iii) that
Lucid s market capitalization shall at no time be less than an amount to be agreed upon. 

38 

Results
of Operations 

Overview 

Revenue 

The
Company recognized revenue resulting from the delivery of patient EsoGuard test results when the Company considered the collection
of such consideration to be probable to the extent that it is unconstrained. Additionally, revenue was recognized with respect to the EsoGuard Commercialization Agreement, dated August 1,
2021, between the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. and ResearchDx Inc. RDx ), a CLIA certified commercial laboratory service
provider. On February 25, 2022, the EsoGuard Commercialization Agreement was terminated upon the execution of an Asset Purchase
Agreement between the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary of LucidDx Labs Inc. and RDx. 

Cost
of revenue 

Cost
of revenues recognized from the delivery of patient EsoGuard test results includes costs related to EsoCheck device usage, shipment of
test collection kits, royalties and the cost of services to process tests and provide results to physicians. We incur expenses for tests
in the period in which the activities occur, therefore, gross margin as a percentage of revenue may vary from quarter to quarter due
to costs being incurred in one period that relate to revenues recognized in a later period. 

We
expect that gross margin for our services will continue to fluctuate and be affected by EsoGuard test volume, our operating efficiencies,
patient compliance rates, payor mix, the levels of reimbursement, and payment patterns of payors and patients. 

The
cost of revenue recognized with respect to the revenue recognized under the EsoGuard Commercialization Agreement is inclusive of: a royalty
fee incurred under the Amended CWRU License Agreement; employee related costs of employees engaged in the administration to patients
of the EsoCheck cell sample collection procedure (principally at the Lucid Test Centers); the EsoCheck devices and EsoGuard mailers (cell
sample shipping costs) distributed to medical practitioners locations and the Lucid Test Centers; and Lucid Test Centers operating expenses,
including rent expense and supplies. 

Sales
and marketing expenses 

Sales
and marketing expenses consist primarily of salaries and related costs for employees engaged in sales and marketing activities, as well
as advertising and promotion expenses. We anticipate our sales and marketing expenses will increase in the future, to the extent we expand our commercial sales and marketing operations as resources permit. 

General
and administrative expenses 

General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related costs for personnel, travel expenses, facility-related costs, professional
fees, accounting and legal services, employees involved in third-party payor reimbursement contract negotiations and consultants and
expenses associated with obtaining and maintaining patents within our intellectual property portfolio. 

We
anticipate our general and administrative expenses will increase in the future as and to the extent our business operations grow. We also anticipate continued expenses related to being a
public company, including audit, legal, regulatory, and tax-related services associated with maintaining compliance as a public company,
insurance premiums and investor relations costs. 

Research
and development expenses 

Research
and development expenses are recognized in the period they are incurred and consist principally of internal and external expenses incurred
for the research and development of our products, including: 

consulting
 costs charged to us by various external contract research organizations we contract with
 to conduct clinical and preclinical studies and engineering design and development; 
 
 salary
 and benefit costs associated with our chief medical officer and engineering personnel; 
 
 costs
 associated with regulatory filings; 
 
 patent
 license fees; 
 
 cost
 of laboratory supplies and acquiring, developing, and manufacturing preclinical prototypes; 
 
 product
 design engineering studies; and 
 
 rental
 expense for facilities maintained solely for research and development purposes. 

Our
current research and development activities, including our clinical trials, are focused principally on the acceleration of EsoGuard and
Veris Cancer Care Platform commercialization. We will resume research and development activities with respect to as
well as applicable new technologies, as resources permit. 

Other
Income and Expense, net 

Other
income and expense, net, consists principally of changes in fair value of our convertible notes and losses on extinguishment of debt
upon repayment of such convertible notes. 

39 

Results
of Operations - continued 

Presentation
of Dollar Amounts 

All
dollar amounts in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations are presented as dollars
in millions, except for per share amounts. 

The
year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 

Revenue

In
the year ended December 31, 2022, revenue was 0.4 million as compared to 0.5 million in the prior year. The 0.1 million decrease principally
relates to the termination of the EsoGuard Commercialization Agreement with RDx, as the Company transitioned to its own laboratory operations
effective February 25, 2022. The decrease was partially offset by revenue for our EsoGuard Esophageal DNA Test performed in our own CLIA
laboratory for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Cost
of revenue 

In
the year ended December 31, 2022, cost of revenue was approximately 3.6 million as compared to 0.6 million in the prior year. The 3.0
million increase principally related to: 

approximately
 0.5 million increase in compensation related costs as a result of an increase in headcount; 
 
 approximately
 0.8 million increase in EsoCheck and EsoGuard supplies usage costs; and 
 
 approximately
 1.7 million increase in laboratory operations costs. 

Sales
and marketing expenses 

In
the year ended December 31, 2022, sales and marketing costs were approximately 19.3 million, compared to 8.9 million in the prior year.
The net increase of 10.4 million was principally related to: 

approximately
 7.4 million increase in compensation related costs principally as a result of an increase
 in headcount; 
 
 approximately
 1.2 million increase in stock based compensation from RSA grants to Lucid Diagnostics and
 PAVmed employees and non-employees, and an increase in stock options granted corresponding
 with the increase in headcount; 
 
 approximately
 1.6 million increase in consulting and outside professional services; and 
 
 approximately
 0.2 million increase general business expenses. 

General
and administrative expenses 

In
the year ended December 31, 2022, general and administrative costs were approximately 41.0 million, compared to 25.4 million in the
prior year. The net increase of 15.6 million was principally related to: 

approximately
 3.5 million increase in compensation related costs principally as a result of an increase
 in headcount; 
 
 approximately
 1.3 million increase in stock based compensation from RSA grants to Lucid and PAVmed employees
 and non-employees, and an increase in stock options granted corresponding with the increase
 in the number of employees; 
 
 approximately
 9.2 million increase in consulting services related to patents, regulatory compliance, legal
 processes for contract review, transition of public relations and investor relations firms,
 and public company expenses; and 
 
 approximately
 1.6 million increase in general business expenses. 

Research
and development expenses 

In
the year ended December 31, 2022, research and development costs were approximately 25.5 million as compared to 19.8 million in the
prior year. The net increase 5.7 million was principally related to: 

approximately
 3.2 million increase in development costs, particularly in clinical trial activities and
 outside professional and consulting fees with respect to EsoCheck, Veris Cancer Care Platform,
 CarpX, EsoCure and PortIO; and 
 
 approximately
 2.5 million increase in compensation related costs and related to expanded clinical and
 engineering staff. 

As mentioned above, above we have
paused research and development with respect to CarpX, EsoCure and PortIO. Until such time as resources permit, we expect to devote our
research and development efforts to EsoGuard, EsoCheck and the Veris Cancer Care Platform. 

Amortization
of Acquired Intangible Assets 

In
the year ended December 31, 2022, the amortization of acquired intangible assets was approximately 1.8 million as compared to 0.1 million
in the prior year. The net increase was principally related to the purchase of a defensive asset in Q4 2021 and the purchase of laboratory
licenses and certifications and laboratory information management software in Q1 2022. 

40 

Results
of Operations - continued 

The
year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 - continued 

Other
Income and Expense 

Change
in fair value of convertible debt 

In
the year ended December 31, 2022, the non-cash expense recognized for the change in the fair value of our convertible notes was approximately
 1.3 million, related to both the April 2022 and September 2022 Senior Convertible Notes. The April 2022 and September 2022 Senior Convertible
Notes were initially measured at their issue-date estimated fair value and subsequently remeasured at estimated fair value as of the
reporting period date. The Company initially recognized a 3.5 million fair value non-cash expense on the issue-dates. This initial recognition
was partially offset by 2.2 million of decreases in fair value upon remeasurements through December 31, 2022. 

In
the year ended December 31, 2021, the non-cash income (expense) recognized for the change in the fair value of our convertible notes
was approximately 1.7 million of other income. The change in the fair value adjustment of the convertible notes is principally related
to each of the convertible notes being repaid-in-full during the year ended December 31, 2021, as discussed herein below under Loss
from Extinguishment of Debt. 

Loss
on Issue and Offering Costs - Senior Secured Convertible Note 

In
the year ended December 31, 2022, in connection with the issue of both the April 2022 and the September 2022 Senior Convertible Notes,
we recognized a total of approximately 4.3 million of other expense, inclusive of approximately 3.5 million of lender fee non-cash
expense, and approximately 0.8 million of offering costs paid by us. 

Loss
on Debt Extinguishment 

In
the year ended December 31, 2022, a debt extinguishment loss in the aggregate of approximately 5.4 million was recognized in connection
with our April 2022 Senior Convertible Note as discussed below. 

In
 2022, approximately 6.0 million of principal repayments along with 0.4 million of interest
 expense thereon, were settled through the issuance of 7,189,358 shares of common stock of
 the Company, with such shares having a fair value of approximately 11.8 million (with such
 fair value measured as the respective conversion date quoted closing price of the common
 stock of the Company). The conversions resulted in a debt extinguishment loss of 5.4 million
 in the year ended December 31, 2022. 

In
the prior year ended December 31, 2021, a debt extinguishment loss in the aggregate of approximately 3.7 million was recognized in connection
with the (previous) convertible notes, as discussed below. 

On
 January 5, 2021, the repayment of the remaining face value principal of the November 2019
 Senior Convertible Note, along with the payment of interest thereon of approximately 1.0
 million, were settled with the issuance of 667,668 shares of our common stock, with a fair
 value of approximately 1.7 million (with such fair value measured as the respective conversion
 date quoted closing price of our common stock), resulting in the recognition of a loss from
 extinguishment of debt of approximately 0.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2021;
 and, 

On
 January 30, 2021, we paid in cash a 350 partial principal repayment of the Senior Convertible
 Note dated April 30, 2020 April 2020 Senior Convertible Note and on March
 2, 2021, we made a cash payment of approximately 14.5 million, resulting in the repayment-in-full
 on such date of both the April 2020 Senior Convertible Note and the Senior Secured Convertible
 Note dated August 6, 2021, resulting in the recognition of a loss from extinguishment of
 debt of approximately 3.0 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. 

See
Note 14 , Debt , to the Financial Statements, for additional information with respect to the April 2022 and the September 2022 Senior
Convertible Note. 

41 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Our
current operational activities are principally focused on the commercialization of EsoGuard and the Veris Cancer Care Platform, and,
as resource permit, our development activities would be focused on pursuing FDA approval and clearance of other lead products in our
product portfolio pipeline. Our ability to generate revenue depends upon successfully advancing the commercialization of EsoGuard and
the Veris Cancer Care Platform while, as resources permit, also completing the development and the necessary regulatory approvals of
our other products and services. There are no assurances, however, we will be able to obtain an adequate level of financial resources
required for the short-term or long-term commercialization and development of its products and services. 

We
have financed our operations principally through the public and private issuances of our common stock, preferred stock, common stock
purchase warrants, and debt. We are subject to all of the risks and uncertainties typically faced by medical device and diagnostic and
medical device companies that devote substantially all of their efforts to the commercialization of their initial product and services
and ongoing R D and clinical trials. We expect to continue to experience recurring losses from operations, and will continue to fund
our operations with debt and/or equity financing transactions. Notwithstanding, however, with the cash on-hand as of the date hereof
and other debt and equity committed sources of financing, we expect to be able to fund our future operations for one year from the date
of the issue of the Financial Statements. 

Issue
of Shares of Our Common Stock 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 

We
 issued 299,999 shares of our common stock for cash proceeds of approximately 0.3 million
 upon exercise of stock options granted under the PAVmed 2014 Equity Plan, as such equity
 plan is discussed in Note 15, Stock-Based Compensation , to the Financial Statements. 

We
 issued 385,938 shares of our common stock for proceeds of approximately 0.4 million under
 the PAVmed Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ), as such plan is discussed in
 Note 15, Stock-Based Compensation, to the Financial Statements. 

We
 issued 106,225 shares of our common stock for proceeds of approximately 0.1 million from
 the sale of shares through PAVmed s at-the-market equity facility through Cantor Fitzgerald
 Co. 

Securities
Purchase Agreement - March 31, 2022 - Senior Secured Convertible Notes - April 4, 2022 and September 8, 2022 

Effective
as of March 31, 2022, we entered into the SPA with the Investor, pursuant to which we agreed to sell, and the Investor agreed to purchase
an aggregate of 50.0 million face value principal of Senior Secured Convertible Notes. The SPA provided for the sale of the initial
Senior Secured Convertible Note with a face value principal of 27.5 million, which closed on April 4, 2022 (referred to as the April
2022 Senior Convertible Note ). The SPA also provided for sales of additional Senior Secured Convertible Notes in one or more additional
closings (upon the satisfaction of certain conditions), with an aggregate face value principal of up to an additional 22.5 million.
The April 2022 Senior Secured Convertible Note has a 7.875 annual stated interest rate, a contractual conversion price of 5.00 per
share of the Company s common stock (subject to standard adjustments in the event of any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination,
recapitalization or other similar transaction), and a contractual maturity date of April 4, 2024. The April 2022 Senior Convertible Note
may be converted into or otherwise paid in shares of our common stock as described in Note 14, Debt. The April 2022 Senior Convertible
Note proceeds were 24.4 million after deducting a 2.5 million lender fee and the Company s offering costs of approximately 0.6
million, inclusive primarily of 0.5 million placement agent fees. 

On
September 8, 2022, we completed an additional closing under the SPA, in which we sold to the Investor an additional Senior Secured Convertible
Note with a face value principal of 11.25 million (referred to as the September 2022 Senior Convertible Note ). The September
2022 Senior Secured Convertible Note has a 7.875 annual stated interest rate, a contractual conversion price of 5.00 per share of the
Company s common stock (subject to standard adjustments in the event of any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination, recapitalization
or other similar transaction), and a contractual maturity date of September 6, 2024. The September 2022 Senior Convertible Note may be
converted into or otherwise paid in shares of our common stock as described in Note 14, Debt. The September 2022 Senior Convertible Note
proceeds were 10.0 million after deducting a 1.0 million lender fee and the Company s total offering costs of approximately 0.2
million, inclusive primarily of placement agent fees. 

42 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources - continued 

On
August 9, 2022, the Company and the Investor also agreed, in connection with the waiver described in Note 14, Debt , to the Financial
Statements, that the Investor may convert up to 5.0 million of the principal amount of the April 2022 Senior Convertible Note at the
then current conversion price as if the date of conversion were an Installment Date, i.e. a price per share of common stock equal to
the lower of (i) the fixed conversion price then in effect (currently 5.00) and (ii) 82.5 of the average VWAP of the Company s
common stock for each of the two trading days with the lowest VWAP of the Company s common stock during the ten consecutive trading
day period ending and including the trading day immediately prior to the applicable conversion date, but in the case of clause (ii),
not less than 0.18 per share. As contemplated by such amendment, in the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 6.0 million of
principal repayments along with 0.4 million of interest expense thereon, were settled through the issuance of 7,189,358 shares of our
common stock. 

Under
the Senior Convertible Notes and the SPA, we are subject to certain customary affirmative and negative covenants regarding the incurrence
of indebtedness, the existence of liens, the repayment of indebtedness and the making of investments, the payment of cash in respect
of dividends, distributions or redemptions, the transfer of assets, the maturity of other indebtedness, and transactions with affiliates,
among other customary matters. We also are subject to financial covenants requiring that (i) the amount of our available cash equal or
exceed 8.0 million at all times, (ii) the ratio of (a) the outstanding principal amount of the notes issued under the SPA, accrued and
unpaid interest thereon and accrued and unpaid late charges to (b) our average market capitalization over the prior ten trading days,
not exceed 30 (except that such maximum percentage is 50 for the period from September 8, 2022 through March 5, 2023) (the Debt
to Market Cap Ratio Test ), and (iii) that our market capitalization shall at no time be less than 75 million (the Market
Cap Test and, together with the Debt to Market Cap Ratio Test, the Financial Tests ). From time to time from and
after September 8, 2022, including as of December 31, 2022, the Company was not in compliance with the Financial Tests. As of March 12,
2023, the Investor agreed to waive any such non-compliance during such aforementioned time periods, under the Senior Convertible Notes
and the SPA. Accordingly, as of the date of this Form 10-K, the Company is in compliance with the Financial Tests. 

See
Note 14 , Debt , to the Financial Statements for additional information about the SPA and the Senior Secured Convertible Notes. 

Lucid
Diagnostics - Series A Preferred Stock Offering 

On March 7, 2023, Lucid entered
into subscription agreements for the sale of 13,625 shares (the Lucid Series A Preferred Stock ). Each share of the
Lucid Series A Preferred Stock has a stated value of 1,000 and a conversion price of 1.394. The terms of the Lucid Series A Preferred
Stock also include a one times preference on liquidation and a right to receive dividends equal to 20 of the number of shares of Lucid
common stock into which such Lucid Series A Preferred Stock is convertible, payable on the one-year and two-year anniversary of the issuance
date. The Lucid Series A Preferred Stock is a non-voting security, other than with respect to limited matters related to changes in terms
of the Lucid Series A Preferred Stock. The aggregate gross proceeds from the sale of shares in such offering were 13.625 million. 

Lucid
Diagnostics - Private Placement - Securities Purchase Agreement 

Effective as of March 13, 2023,
Lucid entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement Lucid SPA with an accredited institutional investor Lucid Investor ,
 Lucid Lender , and/or Lucid Holder ), pursuant to which Lucid agreed to sell, and the Lucid Investor agreed
to purchase a Senior Secured Convertible Note with a face value principal of up to 11.1 million (the March 2023 Lucid Senior Convertible
Note ). The issuance of the March 2023 Lucid Senior Convertible Note is subject to customary closing conditions. 

The March 2023 Lucid Senior Secured Convertible Note would have a 7.875 
annual stated interest rate, a contractual conversion price of 5.00 per share of Lucid s common stock (subject to standard adjustments
in the event of any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction), and a contractual
maturity date of the two-year anniversary of the date of issuance. The March 2023 Lucid Senior Convertible Note would be convertible into
or otherwise paid in shares of Lucid s common stock. 

Under
the March 2023 Lucid Senior Convertible Note, Lucid is and would be subject to certain customary affirmative and negative covenants
regarding the incurrence of indebtedness, the existence of liens, the repayment of indebtedness and the making of investments, the
payment of cash in respect of dividends, distributions or redemptions, the transfer of assets, the maturity of other indebtedness,
and transactions with affiliates, among other customary matters. Under the March 2023 Lucid Senior Convertible Note, Lucid would also be subject to financial
covenants requiring that (i) the amount of Lucid s available cash equal or exceed 5.0 million at all times, (ii) the ratio
of (a) the outstanding principal amount of the notes issued under the Lucid SPA, accrued and unpaid interest thereon and accrued and
unpaid late charges to (b) Lucid s average market capitalization over the prior ten trading days, not exceed 30 , and (iii)
that Lucid s market capitalization shall at no time be less than an amount to be agreed upon. 

43 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources - continued 

PAVmed
Inc. ATM Facility 

In
December 2021, we entered into an at-the-market offering for up to 50 million of our common stock that may be offered
and sold under a Controlled Equity Offering Agreement between us and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. In the year ended December 31, 2022,
the Company sold 106,225 shares through their at-the-market equity facility for approximately 79. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, through
March 9, 2023, we sold 1,081,997 shares through their at-the-market equity facility for approximately 0.5 million. 

Lucid
Diagnostics Inc. - Committed Equity Facility and ATM Facility 

In
March 2022, our majority-owned subsidiary, Lucid Diagnostics, entered into a committed equity facility with Cantor. Under the terms of
the committed equity facility, Cantor has committed to purchase up to 50 million of Lucid Diagnostics common stock from time to time
at the request of Lucid Diagnostics. While there are distinct differences, the facility is structured similarly to a traditional at-the-market
equity facility, insofar as it allows Lucid Diagnostics to raise primary equity capital on a periodic basis at prices based on the existing
market price. As of December 31, 2022, under the committed equity facility, a total of 680,263 shares of common stock of Lucid Diagnostics
were issued for proceeds of approximately 1.8 million. 

In November 2022, Lucid
Diagnostics also entered into an at-the-market offering for up to 6.5 million of its common stock that may be offered
and sold under a Controlled Equity Offering Agreement between Lucid Diagnostics and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. In the year ended December
31, 2022, there were no Lucid Diagnostics shares sold through their at-the-market equity facility. Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, through March 9, 2023, Lucid Diagnostics sold 230,068 shares through its at-the-market equity facility
for approximately 0.3 million. 

44 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 

The
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP. The preparation
of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions affecting the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
and equity, along with the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the
reported amounts of expenses during the corresponding periods. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, we base our estimates on historical experience
and on various other assumptions we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under
different assumptions or conditions. While our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in our consolidated financial
notes, we believe the following accounting policies to be critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated
financial statements. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

Research
and development expenses are recognized as incurred and include the salary and stock-based compensation of employees engaged in product
research and development activities, and the costs related to the Company s various contract research service providers, suppliers,
engineering studies, supplies, and outsourced testing and consulting fees, as well as depreciation expense and rental costs for equipment
used in research and development activities, and fees incurred for access to certain facilities of contract research service providers. 

Fair
Value Option FVO Election 

Under
a Securities Purchase Agreement dated March 31, 2022, the Company issued a Senior Secured Convertible Note dated April 4, 2022, referred
to herein as the April 2022 Senior Convertible Note , and a Senior Secured Convertible Note dated September 8, 2022, referred
to herein as the September 2022 Senior Convertible Note , which are accounted under the fair value option election 
as discussed below. 

Under
Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 815, Derivative
and Hedging , ASC 815 ), a financial instrument containing embedded features and /or options may be required to be bifurcated
from the financial instrument host and recognized as separate derivative asset or liability, with the bifurcated derivative asset or
liability initially measured at estimated fair value as of the transaction issue date and then subsequently remeasured at estimated fair
value as of each reporting period balance sheet date. 

Alternatively,
FASB ASC Topic 825, Financial Instruments , ASC 825 provides for the fair value option FVO election. In this regard, ASC 825-10-15-4 provides for the FVO election (to the extent not otherwise prohibited by ASC 825-10-15-5) to
be afforded to financial instruments, wherein the financial instrument is initially measured at estimated fair value as of the transaction
issue date and then subsequently remeasured at estimated fair value as of each reporting period balance sheet date, with changes in the
estimated fair value recognized as other income (expense) in the statement of operations. The estimated fair value adjustment of the
April 2022 Senior Convertible Note is presented in a single line item within other income (expense) in the accompanying consolidated
statement of operations (as provided for by ASC 825-10-50-30(b)). Further, as required by ASC 825-10-45-5, to the extent a portion of
the fair value adjustment is attributed to a change in the instrument-specific credit risk, such portion would be recognized as a component
of other comprehensive income OCI (for which there was no such adjustment with respect to the April 2022 Senior Convertible
Note or the September 2022 Senior Convertible Note). 

See
Note 13, Financial Instruments Fair Value Measurements , with respect to the FVO election; and Note 14, Debt , for a discussion
of the April 2022 Senior Convertible Note and the September 2022 Senior Convertible Note. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

Stock-based
awards are made to members of the board of directors of the Company, the Company s employees and non-employees, under each of the
PAVmed Inc. 2014 Equity Plan and the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan. 

The
Company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 718, Stock Compensation ASC
718 ). 

The
grant-date estimated fair value of the stock-based award is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which
is generally the vesting period of the respective stock-based award, with such straight-line recognition adjusted, as applicable, so
the cumulative expense recognized is at-least equal-to-or-greater-than the estimated fair value of the vested portion of the respective
stock-based award as of the reporting date. 

The
Company uses the Black-Scholes valuation model to estimate the fair value of stock options granted under both the PAVmed Inc. 2014 Equity
Plan and the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan, which requires the Company to make certain weighted-average valuation estimates
and assumptions for stock-based awards, principally as follows: 

With
 respect to the PAVmed Inc. 2014 Equity Plan, the expected stock price volatility is based
 on the historical stock price volatility of PAVmed Inc. common stock and the volatilities
 of similar entities within the medical device industry over the period commensurate with
 the expected term with respect to stock options granted to the board of directors and employees
 in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; 

45 

With
 respect to stock options granted under the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan, the expected
 stock price volatility was based on the historical stock price volatility of similar entities
 within the medical device industry over the period commensurate with the expected term with
 respect to stock options granted to employees in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; 

The
 risk-free interest rate is based on the interest rate payable on U.S. Treasury securities
 in effect at the time of grant for a period commensurate with either the expected term or
 the remaining contractual term, as applicable, of the stock option; and, 

The
 expected dividend yield is based on annual dividends of 0.00 as there have not been dividends
 paid to-date, and there is no plan to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 

The
price per share of PAVmed Inc. common stock used in the computation of estimated fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards
granted under the PAVmed Inc. 2014 Equity Plan is its quoted closing price per share. 

On
October 14, 2021, Lucid Diagnostics Inc. completed an initial public offering IPO of its common stock under an effective
registration statement on Form S-1 (SEC File No. 333-259721), wherein a total of 5.0 million IPO shares of common stock of Lucid Diagnostics
Inc. were issued, with such total IPO shares inclusive of 571,428 shares issued to PAVmed Inc. The price per share of Lucid Diagnostics
Inc. common stock used in the computation of estimated fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards granted under the Lucid
Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan is as follows: (i) for the period October 14, 2021 to December 31, 2022 it is its quoted closing price
per share; and (ii) for the period January 1, 2021 to October 14, 2021, it was estimated using a probability-weighted average expected
return methodology PWERM ), which involves the determination of equity value under various exit scenarios and an estimation
of the return to the common stockholders under each scenario. 

Recent
Accounting Standards Updates Adopted 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging
 Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815 40), ASU 2020-06 ). ASU 2020-06 simplifies the accounting
for certain financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and equity, by eliminating the beneficial conversion and cash conversion
accounting models previously contained in ASC 470-20 that required separate accounting for embedded conversion features. ASU 2020-06
also simplified the assessment of a financial instrument settlement to determine whether a contract is an entity s own equity qualifies
for equity classification by removing certain conditions from ASC 815-4-25. The ASU 2020-06 amendments are effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company s adoption of the ASU
2020-06 guidance as of January 1, 2021 did not have an effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In
December 2019, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-12, Income Taxes: Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes , ASU
2019-12 ). The guidance of ASU 2019-12 removes certain exceptions for recognizing deferred taxes for investments, performing intra-period
allocation, and calculating income taxes in interim periods, and adds revised guidance to reduce complexity in certain areas, including
recognizing deferred taxes for tax goodwill and allocating taxes to members of a consolidated group. Adoption of the guidance of ASU
2019-12 is required for annual and interim financial statements beginning after December 15, 2020. The Company s adoption of the
ASU 2019-12 guidance as of January 1, 2021 did not have an effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Effective
December 31, 2021, the Company adopted FASB ASC Topic 842, Leases, ASC 842 ). ASC 842 established a right-of-use ROU model requiring a lessee to recognize a ROU asset and a lease liability for all leases with terms greater-than 12 months. Leases are
classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement.
The Company s adoption of ASC 842 did not have an effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. See Note 9,
 Leases . 

Off-Balance
sheet arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 

Not
applicable. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Our
consolidated financial statements, together with the report of our independent registered public accounting firm, appear herein commencing
on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

46 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on such evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer concluded our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act)
were effective as of such date to provide reasonable assurance the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file
or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure information
required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining an adequate system of internal control over financial reporting, as such term
is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13(a)-15(f). Our system of internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. 

Our
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain
 to the maintenance of records, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions
 and dispositions of our assets; 

provide
 reasonable assurance our transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
 our financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
 U.S., and our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
 of our management and our directors; and; 

provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
 use, or disposition of our assets could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Due
to its inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance and may not
prevent or detect all misstatements. Further, because of changes in conditions, effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting
may vary over time. Our system contains self-monitoring mechanisms, so actions will be taken to correct deficiencies as they are identified. 

Our
management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the system of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework
in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based
on this evaluation, our management concluded our system of internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31,
2022. 

This
Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the
rules of the SEC to permit us to provide only management s report in this Form 10-K. 

Changes
to Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

There
has been no change in our internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act) that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

47 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
information required by this Item 10 is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
information required by this Item 11 is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
information required by this Item 12 is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The
information required by this Item 13 is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The
information required by this Item 14 is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

48 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 
 The
 following documents filed as a part of the report: 

(1) 
 
 The
 following financial statements: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID#688) 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(2) 
 
 The
 financial statement schedules: 

Schedules
 other than those listed above are omitted for the reason they are not required or are not applicable, or the required information
 is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. Columns omitted from schedules filed have been omitted because the information
 is not applicable. 

(3) 
 
 The
 following exhibits: 

Incorporation
 by Reference 
 
 Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Date 
 
 2.1 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 25, 2022, by and among LucidDx Labs Inc., Lucid Diagnostics Inc. and ResearchDx, Inc. 
 
 8-K (LUCD) 
 
 2.1 
 
 3/3/22 
 
 3.1.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 S-1 
 
 3.1 
 
 4/22/15 
 
 3.1.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 S-1 
 
 3.2 
 
 4/22/15 
 
 3.1.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation, dated October 1, 2018 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 10/2/18 
 
 3.1.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation, dated June 26, 2019 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 6/27/19 
 
 3.1.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation, dated July 24, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 7/27/20 
 
 3.1.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation, dated June 21, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 6/22/22 
 
 3.1.7 
 
 Form of Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K/A 
 
 3.1 
 
 4/20/18 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 1/15/21 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 4.2 
 
 9/29/15 
 
 4.6 
 
 Specimen Series Z Warrant Certificate 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 4/5/18 
 
 4.7 
 
 Amended and Restated Series Z Warrant Agreement, dated as of June 8, 2018, by and between PAVmed Inc. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as Warrant Agent 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 6/8/18 
 
 4.8 
 
 Form of PAVmed Inc. Senior Secured Convertible Note 

8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 4/4/22 
 
 10.1 
 
 Patent Option Agreement 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.1 
 
 4/22/15 
 
 10.2.1 
 
 Form of Letter Agreement with HCFP Capital Partners III LLC 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.4.1 
 
 4/22/15 
 
 10.2.2 
 
 Form of Letter Agreement with Pavilion Venture Partners LLC 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.4.2 
 
 4/22/15 
 
 10.3.1 
 
 Letter agreement regarding corporate opportunities executed by Lishan Aklog, M.D. 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.5.1 
 
 4/22/15 
 
 10.3.2 
 
 Letter agreement regarding corporate opportunities executed by Michael Glennon 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.5.2 
 
 4/22/15 
 
 10.3.3 
 
 Letter agreement regarding corporate opportunities executed by Brian deGuzman, M.D. 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.5.3 
 
 4/22/15 

49 

10.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between PAVmed Inc. and Lishan Aklog, M.D. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 3/20/19 
 
 10.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between PAVmed Inc. and Dennis M. McGrath 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 3/20/19 
 
 10.6 
 
 Employment Agreement between PAVmed Inc. and Brian J. deGuzman, M.D. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 7/19/16 
 
 10.7 
 
 PAVmed Inc. Fifth Amended and Restated 2014 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan 
 
 DEF 14A 
 
 Annex A 
 
 4/30/21 
 
 10.8 
 
 PAVmed Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 DEF 14A 
 
 Annex B 
 
 4/30/21 
 
 10.9 
 
 Employment Agreement between PAVmed Inc. and Michael A. Gordon 

10.10 
 
 Employment Agreement between PAVmed Inc. and Shaun M. O Neil 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/24/22 
 
 10.11 
 
 Amended and Restated License Agreement, dated as of August 23, 2021, by and between Case Western Reserve University and Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 
 
 S-1/A (LUCD) 
 
 10.2 
 
 10/1/21 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement 

10.13 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement 

10.14.1 
 
 Management Services Agreement, dated as of February 25, 2022, by and between LucidDx Labs Inc. and ResearchDx, Inc. 
 
 8-K (LUCD) 
 
 10.1 
 
 3/3/22 
 
 10.14.2 
 
 Termination Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2023, by and among Lucid Diagnostics Inc., LucidDx Labs Inc. and ResearchDx, Inc. 

10.15 
 
 Controlled Equity Offering SM , dated as of December 21, 2021, by and between Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and PAVmed Inc. 
 
 S-3 
 
 1.2 
 
 12/21/21 
 
 10.16.1 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 4/4/22 
 
 10.16.2 
 
 Form of Security Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 4/4/22 
 
 10.16.3 
 
 Form of Voting Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 4/4/22 
 
 10.17.1 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2022, by and between CF Principal Investments LLC and Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 
 
 8-K (LUCD) 
 
 10.1 
 
 4/1/22 
 
 10.17.2 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2022, by and between CF Principal Investments LLC and Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 
 
 8-K (LUCD) 
 
 10.2 
 
 4/1/22 
 
 10.18 
 
 Controlled Equity Offering SM , dated as of November 23, 2022, by and between Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 
 
 8-K (LUCD) 
 
 1.2 
 
 11/25/22 
 
 14.1 
 
 Form of Code of Ethics 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Marcum LLP 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Filed herewith 

LUCD 
 
 Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None 

50 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

PAVmed
 Inc. 

March
 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Dennis M McGrath 

Dennis
 M McGrath 

President 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Each person whose signature appears below hereby authorizes both
Lishan Aklog, M.D. and Dennis M. McGrath or either of them acting in the absence of the others, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact
and agent, with full power of substitution and re-substitution for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities to sign any and all amendments to this report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection
therewith, with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Lishan Aklog, M.D. 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors 
 
 March
 13, 2023 
 
 Lishan
 Aklog, M.D. 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Dennis M. McGrath 
 
 President 
 
 March
 13, 2023 
 
 Dennis
 M. McGrath 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Michael J. Glennon 
 
 Vice
 Chairman 
 
 March
 13, 2023 
 
 Michael
 J. Glennon 
 
 Director 

/s/
 Debra J. White 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 13, 2023 
 
 Debra
 J. White 

/s/
 James L. Cox, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 13, 2023 
 
 James
 L. Cox, M.D. 

/s/
 Ronald M. Sparks 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 13, 2023 
 
 Ronald
 M. Sparks 

/s/
 Timothy Baxter 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 13, 2023 
 
 Timothy
 Baxter 

/s/
 Joan Harvey 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 13, 2023 
 
 Joan
 Harvey 

51 

PAVMED
INC. 

 and
SUBSIDIARIES 

 INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Consolidated
 Financial Statements 
 Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the year ended December 31, 2021 
 F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 PAVmed
Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of PAVmed Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in equity (deficit) and cash flows for each of the two
years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

F- 2 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 (continued) 

Valuation of Convertible Notes 

 Critical
Audit Matter Description 

As
described in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company issued 38.75 million in aggregate principal of Senior Secured
Convertible Notes pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement dated March 31, 2022. The Senior Secured Convertible Notes contain conversion
and redemption features. The Company elected to account for the Senior Secured Convertible Notes under the fair value option in accordance
with ASC 825. The fair value of the Senior Secured Convertible Notes was 33.65 million as of December 31, 2022. 

We
identified the valuation of convertible notes as a critical audit matter as auditing the Company s fair value of the Senior Secured Convertible
Notes was complex and involved a high degree of subjectivity because the Company used a complex valuation methodology that incorporated
significant management assumptions including debt yield and implied volatility. Also, this matter caused us to use increased effort including
involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our
audit procedures related to the valuation of convertible notes included the following, among others: 

We obtained an understanding of the design of the Company s controls over the valuation of the convertible notes, including controls
over management s review of the valuation model and the significant assumptions used in determining the fair value of the convertible
notes. 

With assistance of our valuation specialists, we audited the fair value of the Senior Secured Convertible Notes,
valuation methodology and key assumptions used in determining the fair value of the Senior Secured Convertible Notes by: 

a . 
 Evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation model and techniques used in determining the fair value; 

b. 
 Assessing whether significant valuation assumption inputs, including debt yield and implied volatility are consistent with those that
would be used by market participants through the testing of source information, checking the mathematical accuracy of the calculation,
and developing independent estimates and comparing to those selected by management, where applicable; and 

c. 
 Recalculating the fair value that management arrived to verify it was reasonable. 

We tested the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data supporting the significant assumptions and estimates. 

/s/

Marcum
 LLP 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

March
 13, 2023 

F- 3 

PAVMED
INC. 

 and
SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 (in
thousands except number of shares and per share data) 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Assets: 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses, deposits, and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Fixed assets, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Intangible assets, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities, Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, current portion 

Senior Secured Convertible Notes - at fair value 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, less current portion 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stockholders Equity: 

Preferred stock, par value. Authorized, shares; Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, par value , issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 

Common stock, par value. Authorized, shares; and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Treasury stock 

Total PAVmed Inc. Stockholders Equity 

Noncontrolling interests 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

PAVMED
INC. 

 and
SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (in
thousands except number of shares and per share data) 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of revenue 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Amortization of acquired intangible assets 

Research and development 

Total operating expenses 

Net loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

Change in fair value - Senior Secured Convertible Notes and Senior Convertible Note 

Loss on issue and offering costs - Senior Secured Convertible Note 

Debt extinguishments loss - Senior Secured Convertible Notes 

Debt forgiveness 

Other income (expense), net 

Loss before provision for income tax 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss before noncontrolling interests 

Net loss attributable to the noncontrolling interests 

Net loss attributable to PAVmed Inc. 

Less: Series B Convertible Preferred Stock dividends earned 

Net loss attributable to PAVmed Inc. common stockholders 

Per share information: 

Net loss per share attributable to PAVmed Inc. - basic and diluted 

Net loss per share attributable to PAVmed Inc. common stockholders basic and diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

PAVMED
INC. 

 and
SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 for
the YEAR ENDED December 31, 2022 

 (in
thousands, except number of shares and per share data) 

PAVmed
 Inc. Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Series
 B Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Treasury 
 Non
 controlling 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Stock 
 Interest 
 Total 

Balance
 - December 31, 2021 

Dividends
 declared - Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 

Conversions
 - Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 

Issue
 common stock - PAVM ATM Facility 

Vest
 - restricted stock awards 

Exercise
 - Series Z warrants 

Conversions
 - Senior Secured Convertible Note 

Exercise
 - stock options 

Exercise
 - stock options of majority-owned subsidiary 

Purchase
 - Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Purchase
 - majority-owned subsidiary common stock - Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Issuance
 - majority-owned subsidiary common stock - Committed Equity Facility, net of financing charges 

Impact
 of subsidiary equity transactions 

Issuance
 - majority-owned subsidiary common stock - Settlement APA-RDx - Installment Payment 

Stock-based
 compensation - PAVmed Inc. 

Stock-based
 compensation - majority-owned subsidiaries 

Treasury
 stock 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 - December 31, 2022 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

PAVMED
INC. 

 and
SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 for
the YEAR ENDED December 31, 2021 

 (in
thousands, except number of shares and per share data) 

PAVmed
 Inc. Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Series
 B Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Non
 controlling 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 Total 

Balance
 - December 31, 2020 

Beginning
 balance 

Dividends
 declared - Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 

Conversions
 - Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 

Issue
 common stock registered offerings, net 

Vest
 - restricted stock awards 

Exercise
 - Series Z warrants 

Exercise
 - Series W warrants 

Conversions
 - Senior Secured Convertible Note 

Exercise
 - stock options 

Purchase
 - Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Impact
 of subsidiary equity transactions 

Stock-based
 compensation - PAVmed Inc. 

Stock-based
 compensation - majority-owned subsidiary 

Investment
 in Veris Health Inc. subsidiary 

Net
 Loss 

Balance
 - December 31, 2021 

Ending
 balance 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

PAVMED
INC. 

 and
SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (in
thousands, except number of shares and per share data) 

2022 
 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss - before noncontrolling interest NCI 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss - before NCI to net cash used in operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Stock-based compensation 

In-process R D charge 

APA-RDx: Issue common stock of majority-owned subsidiary - settle installment payment 

Change in fair value - Senior Secured Convertible Note 

Loss upon Issuance - Senior Secured Convertible Note 

Debt extinguishment loss - Senior Secured Convertible Notes and Senior Convertible Note 

Debt forgiveness 

Non-cash lease expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses, deposits and current and other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Net cash flows used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchase of equipment 

Asset acquisitions, net of cash 

Net cash flows used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds issue of common stock - initial public offering - majority-owned subsidiary 

Payment offering costs - initial public offering - majority-owned subsidiary common stock 

Proceeds issue of common stock registered offerings 

Payment offering costs registered offerings 

Proceeds issue of Senior Secured Convertible Note, net of offering costs 

Payment repayment of Senior Convertible Note and Senior Secured Convertible Note 

Payment Senior Convertible Note and Senior Secured Convertible Note non-installment payments 

Proceeds issue of common stock - At-The-Market Facility 

Proceeds majority-owned subsidiary common stock - Committed Equity Facility 

Proceeds exercise of Series Z warrants 

Proceeds exercise of Series W warrants 

Proceeds exercise of stock options 

Proceeds issue common stock Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Proceeds majority-owned subsidiary common stock Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Proceeds exercise of stock options issued under equity plan of majority owned subsidiary 

Purchase Treasury Stock payment of employee payroll tax obligation in connection with stock-based compensation 

Net cash flows provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

PAVMED
INC. 

 and
SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (amounts
in these accompanying notes are presented in thousands, except number of shares and per-share amounts.) 

Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies - continued 

Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies - continued 

When
the Company does not have significant historical experience or that experience has limited predictive value, the constraint over estimates
of variable consideration may result in no revenue being recognized upon delivery of patient EsoGuard test results to the ordering healthcare
provider. As such, the Company recognizes revenue up to the amount of variable consideration not subject to a significant reversal until
additional information is obtained or the uncertainty associated with additional payments or refunds, if any, is subsequently resolved.
Differences between original estimates and subsequent revisions, including final settlements, represent changes in estimated expected
variable consideration, with the change in estimate recognized in the period of such revised estimate. With respect to a contracted service
arrangement, the fixed consideration revenue is recognized on an as-billed basis upon delivery of the laboratory test report with realization
of such fixed consideration deemed probable based upon actual historical experience. 

Allocate
transaction price The transaction price is allocated entirely to the performance obligation contained within the contract with
a customer on the basis of the relative standalone selling prices of each distinct good or service. 

Practical
Expedients The Company does not adjust the transaction price for the effects of a significant financing component, as at contract
inception, the Company expects the collection cycle to be one year or less. 

Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies - continued 

as there have not been dividends paid to-date, and there is no plan
 to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 

The
price per share of PAVmed Inc. common stock used in the computation of estimated fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards
granted under the PAVmed Inc. 2014 Equity Plan is its quoted closing price per share. 

On
October 14, 2021, Lucid Diagnostics Inc. completed an initial public offering IPO of its common stock under an effective
registration statement on Form S-1 (SEC File No. 333-259721), wherein a total of million IPO shares of common stock of Lucid Diagnostics
Inc. were issued, with such total IPO shares inclusive of shares issued to PAVmed Inc. The price per share of Lucid Diagnostics
Inc. common stock used in the computation of estimated fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards granted under the Lucid
Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan is as follows: (i) for the period October 14, 2021 to December 31, 2022 it is its quoted closing price
per share; and (ii) for the period January 1, 2021 to October 14, 2021, it was estimated using a probability-weighted average expected
return methodology PWERM ), which involves the determination of equity value under various exit scenarios and an estimation
of the return to the common stockholders under each scenario. 

Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies - continued 

The
recurring and non-recurring estimated fair value measurements are subjective and are affected by changes in inputs to the valuation models,
including the Company s common stock price, and certain Level 3 inputs, including, the assumptions regarding the estimated volatility
in the value of the Company s common stock price; the Company s dividend yield; the likelihood and timing of future dilutive
transactions, as applicable, along with the risk-free rates based on U.S. Treasury security yields. Changes in these assumptions can
materially affect the estimated fair values. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the carrying values of cash, and accounts payable, approximate their respective fair value
due to the short-term nature of these financial instruments. 

Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies - continued 

The
Company has entered into agreements with third parties to acquire technologies for potential commercial development. Such agreements
generally require an initial payment by the Company when the contract is executed. The purchase of patent license rights for use in research
and development activities, including product development, are expensed as incurred and are classified as research and development expense.
Additionally, the Company may be obligated to make future royalty payments in the event the Company commercializes the technology and
achieves a certain sales volume. In accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standard Codification ASC Topic 730, Research and Development , ASC 730 ), expenditures for research and development,
including upfront licensing fees and milestone payments associated with products not yet been approved by the United States Food and
Drug Administration FDA ), are charged to research and development expense as incurred. Future contract milestone and /or
royalty payments will be recognized as expense when achievement of the milestone is determined to be probable and the amount of the corresponding
milestone can be objectively estimated. 

of being realized upon ultimate settlement. As of December 31, 2022, the Company does t
have any unrecognized tax benefits resulting from uncertain tax positions. 

The
Company s policy is to record interest and penalties related to income taxes as part of its income tax provision. There were 
amounts accrued for penalties or interest as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 or recognized during the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is not aware of any issues under review to potentially result in significant payments, accruals, or material
deviations from its position. 

Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies - continued 

and , respectively. The Company
recognized revenue of resulting from the delivery of patient EsoGuard test results. Revenue recognized from customer contracts deemed
to include a variable consideration transaction price is limited to the unconstrained portion of the variable consideration. In addition, the Company s revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes of revenue recognized under the EsoGuard
Commercialization Agreement, which represented the minimum fixed monthly fee of for the period January 1, 2022 to the February 25,
2022 termination date as discussed above. The monthly fee was deemed to be collectible for such period as RDx has timely paid the applicable
respective monthly fee. In the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized total revenue of under the EsoGuard Commercialization
Agreement. 

Cost
of Revenue 

The
cost of revenues principally includes the costs related to the Company s laboratory operations (excluding estimated costs associated
with research activities), the costs related to the EsoCheck cell collection device, cell sample mailing kits and license royalties. 

In
the year ended December 31, 2022, the cost of revenue was and was primarily related to costs for our laboratory operations and
EsoCheck device supplies, however also includes reflecting costs attributable to delivering the services under the EsoGuard Commercialization
Agreement for the period January 1, 2022 to February 25, 2022. In the year ended December 31, 2021, the cost of revenue was , which
solely related to the EsoGuard Commercialization Agreement. 

. On the August 23, 2021 effective date of the Amended CWRU License Agreement, the remaining balance
of became payable, and such amount was paid in September 2021. Additionally, also in September 2021, the Company paid a amendment
fee in connection with the Amended CWRU License Agreement. Additionally, the Amended CWRU License Agreement provides for each of patent
fees reimbursement payments; milestone payments; and royalty payments - each as discussed below. 

Patent
Fees Reimbursement 

Lucid
Diagnostics Inc. is responsible for reimbursement of certain CWRU billed patent fees. See Note 5, Related Party Transactions ,
for patent fee reimbursement payments paid to CWRU in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Milestones 

The
(predecessor) CWRU License Agreement contained milestones, including regulatory milestones with respect to the FDA 501(k) submission
of EsoCheck and the FDA clearance of EsoCheck, respectively regulatory submissions and clearances; which were achieved in accordance
with the requisite contractual due dates, for which a research and development expense was recognized and paid with respect to the
achievement of the regulatory milestone related to FDA clearance of EsoCheck. The CWRU License Agreement was amended effective February
12, 2021, to: change the achievement date of commercialization milestone from November 2020 to August 2021; to eliminate the payment
with respect to the commercialization milestone; and to add a non-refundable payment to CWRU in consideration for such changes to
the commercialization milestone CWRU License Agreement Amendment Fee ), with such fee recognized as general and administrative
expense as of December 31, 2020 and paid in February 2021. The regulatory milestone related to FDA PMA submission of a licensed product PMA Milestone is included in the Amended CWRU License Agreement, and is the sole remaining unachieved milestone, for
which a milestone payment would be payable to CWRU upon its achievement. 

Royalty
Fee 

Under
the Amended CWRU License Agreement, the Company is required to pay a royalty fee to CWRU with respect to the Licensed Products 
(as defined in the CWRU License Agreement) of a percentage of Net Sales , as defined in the Amended CWRU License Agreement,
as follows: of Net Sales up to million per year; and of Net Sales of million or greater per year, with such amounts
subject-to a minimum annual royalty fee. 

The
base minimum annual royalty fee is commencing January 1 following the first anniversary of the First Commercial Sale 
of a Licensed Product (as such terms are defined in the Amended CWRU License Agreement). The minimum annual royalty fee
increases to each of: if the annual Net Sales (as defined in the Amended CWRU License Agreement) exceed million
up to million; if annual Net Sales exceed million up to million; and if annual Net Sales exceed million.
The Company recognized a royalty fee payment liability as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 with respect to the revenue recognized under
the EsoGuard Commercialization Agreement, dated August 1, 2021, between Lucid Diagnostics Inc. and Research Dx Inc. The Company recorded
a royalty expense of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Additionally,
the Company is required to pay a royalty fee on (sub-license) Other Proceeds (as defined in the Amended CWRU License Agreement)
of: of sub-license proceeds to extent the sub-license proceeds are realized prior to the first commercial Sale of a Licensed Product;
or of sub-license proceeds to extent the sub-license proceeds are realized after the first commercial Sale of a Licensed Product. 

Consulting
Agreements with Physician Inventors - Intellectual Property - CWRU License Agreement 

Lucid
Diagnostics Inc. entered into consulting agreements with each of the three physician inventors of the intellectual property licensed
under the Amended CWRU License Agreement Physician Inventors ), with each such consulting agreement providing for compensation
on a contractual rate per hour for consulting services provided, and an expiration date of May 12, 2024, upon each of the respective
the agreements renewal effective May 12, 2021. Additionally, each of the Physician Inventors have been granted stock options and
restricted stock awards under the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan; and stock options under the PAVmed Inc.
2014 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan. See Note 5, Related Party Transactions , with respect to the consulting fee expense and stock
based compensation expense recognized with respect to the Physician Inventors consulting agreements and stock options and restricted
awards discussed above; and Note 15, Stock-Based Compensation , for information regarding each of the Lucid Diagnostics
Inc. 2018 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan and the separate PAVmed Inc. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan . 

General and Administrative Expense 

Amended CWRU License Agreement - reimbursement of patent legal fees 

Stock-based compensation expense Physician Inventors restricted stock awards 

Research and Development Expense 

Amended CWRU License Agreement - reimbursement of patent legal fees 

Fees - Physician Inventors consulting agreements 

Sponsored research agreement 

Stock-based compensation expense Physician Inventors stock options 

Total Related Party Expenses 

See
Note 15, Stock-Based Compensation , for information regarding each of the PAVmed Inc. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan 
and the separate Lucid Diagnostics Inc 2018 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan and Note 18, Noncontrolling Interest ,
for a discussion of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. and the corresponding noncontrolling interests. 

Other
Related Party Transactions 

Lucid
Diagnostics Inc. previously entered into a consulting agreement with Stanley N. Lapidus, effective June 2020 with such consulting agreement
providing for compensation on a contractual rate per hour for consulting services provided. In July 2021, Mr. Lapidus was appointed as
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. Lucid Diagnostics Inc. recognized general and administrative expense
of in the year ended December 31, 2021 in connection with the consulting agreement. 

Effective
June 2021, Veris Health Inc. entered into a consulting agreement with Andrew Thoreson, M.D. which provides for compensation on a contractual
rate per hour for consulting services provided. Dr. Thoreson holds a partial ownership interest in the legal entity which holds a minority
interest in Veris Health Inc. Veris Health Inc. recognized general and administrative expense of and in the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in connection with the consulting agreement. 

comprised of three contractually specified periodic
payments. The APA-RDx is being accounted for as an asset acquisition, with the recognition of an intangible asset of approximately ,
which is included in Intangible assets, net on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet, as further discussed in Note
10, Intangible Assets, net. In the year ended December 31, 2022, a total of , of cash was paid with respect to the periodic
payments. 

Additionally,
the APA-RDx requires the Company to pay a total of to be paid as twelve (12) equal installment payments commencing May 25, 2022
and then on each three month anniversary thereof, inclusive of a final installment payment on February 25, 2025, with such installment
payments recognized as current period expense as incurred. In the year ended December 31, 2022, as provided for in the APA-RDx, installment
payments were settled with the issuances of shares of common stock of Lucid Diagnostics Inc., with such shares having fair values
of (with the fair value measured as the quoted closing price on the dates the shares were issued), which was recognized as a current
period expense included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

The
APA-RDx provides for each of an acceleration and a cancellation of the remaining unpaid installment payments, summarized as follows: 

The
 payment of the remaining unpaid installment payments will be accelerated as immediately due and payable as of the date the MSA-RDx 
 (as such agreement is discussed below) is either terminated by LucidDx Labs Inc. without cause or if it is terminated by mutual agreement
 between LucidDx Labs Inc. and RDx. 

The
 payment of the remaining unpaid installment payments will be cancelled if the MSA-RDx is terminated by LucidDx Labs Inc. for cause,
 defined as the occurrence of any one of: (i) a material breach by RDx which is not cured within thirty days of LucidDx Labs Inc.
 written notice; (ii) RDx becomes insolvent and /or bankrupt; or (ii) RDx fails to comply with applicable statutes, is barred from
 participating in federal health care programs, or by action of changes in law or regulation, or by action of judicial interpretation
 of law, or by judicial civil proceedings decisions. 

Management
Services Agreement - ResearchDx Inc 

LucidDx
Labs Inc. and RDx entered into a separate management services agreement MSA-RDx ), dated and effective February 25, 2022,
with such agreement having a term of three years commencing on the agreement s effective date, and an initial fee of per quarter.
The MSA-RDx provides for the cancellation of the remaining unpaid installment payments upon termination of the MSA-RDx for any reason
or no reason by either party thereto. 

Termination
of Management Services Agreement and Modification of Other Payment Obligations - ResearchDx Inc 

On
February 14, 2023, Lucid Diagnostics and LucidDx Labs Inc. entered into an agreement (the MSA Termination Agreement with
RDx, pursuant to which the parties mutually agreed to terminate the MSA-RDx without cause. The termination was effective as February
10, 2023. Until the termination of the MSA-RDx, RDx had continued to provide certain testing and related services for the Laboratory
in accordance with the terms of the MSA-RDx. 

The
MSA Termination Agreement reduces the remaining amounts of the earnout payments and management fees due under the APA-RDx and the MSA-RDx
to . The payment was satisfied through the issuance of shares of Lucid Diagnostics common stock in February 2023.
Lucid Diagnostics was not required to make any cash payments in connection with the termination. 

Prepaid insurance 

Deposits 

EsoCheck cell collection supplies 

EsoGuard mailer supplies 

Veris Box supplies 

CarpX devices 

Total prepaid expenses, deposits and other current assets 

- years 

Laboratory equipment 
 - years 

Furniture and fixtures 
 - years 

Leasehold improvements 
 - (1) 

Assets under construction 
 n/a 

Total Fixed Assets 

Less Accumulated Depreciation 

Total Fixed Assets, net 

(1) 

Depreciation
expense of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is included in general and administrative expenses
in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Short-term lease cost 

Variable lease cost 

Total lease cost 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Non-cash investing and financing activities 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases (in years) 

Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company s right-of-use assets from operating leases are , which are reporting in right-of-use assets
- operating leases in the consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has outstanding operating lease obligations
of , of which is reported in operating lease liabilities, current portion and is reporting in operating lease liabilities
less current portion in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The Company did not have operating leases as of December 31,
2021. The Company calculates its incremental borrowing rates for specific lease terms, used to discount future lease payments, as a function
of the financing terms the Company would likely receive on the open market. 

In
September 2022, the Company entered into a lease agreement for its principal corporate offices, in New York, New York. . The lease commenced on February 1, 2023. The aggregate (undiscounted)
rent payments are approximately million over the lease term. 

Laboratory licenses and certifications and laboratory information management software 

Other 

Total Intangible assets 

Less Accumulated Amortization 

Intangible Assets, net 

The
defensive technology intangible asset was recognized upon its acquisition of CapNostics, LLC, an unrelated third-party, for total purchase
consideration paid on the October 5, 2021 acquisition date of approximately million in cash. The CapNostics LLC transaction was
accounted for as an asset acquisition, resulting in the recognition of the defensive technology intangible asset. The defensive technology
intangible asset is being amortized on a straight-line basis over an expected useful life months commencing on the acquisition date. 

The
intangible assets recognized under the APA-RDx are the laboratory licenses and certifications, inclusive of a CLIA certification, CAP
accreditation, and clinical laboratory licenses for five (5) U.S. States transfer to the Company from RDx, and a laboratory information
management software perpetual-use royalty-free license granted under the APA-RDx, with such intangible asset having a useful life of
twenty-four months commencing on the APA-RDx February 25, 2022 transaction date. 

Amortization
expense of the intangible assets discussed above was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and
is included in amortization of acquired intangible assets in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31,
2022, the estimated future amortization expense associated with the Company s finite-lived intangible assets for each of the five
succeeding fiscal years is as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total 

CWRU Amended License Agreement - Royalty fee 

Operating expenses 

Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

The
 Compensation and Employee Benefits includes: discretionary bonus payments to employees; unused employee vacation time;
and employee payroll deductions related to the PAVmed Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan PAVmed Inc. ESPP ). See Note 15,
 Stock-Based Compensation , for additional information on the PAVmed Inc. ESPP. 

, to be paid by the Company, upon Court approval, as compensation for the benefits
conferred by the settlement, and the Company would not object to an award of up to such maximum amount. The settlement and a plaintiff s
fee award of were approved by the Court on November 3, 2022, with such award having been subsequently paid by the Company in December
2022. 

Benchmark
Investments, Inc. / Benchmark Investments LLC 

On
December 23, 2020, Benchmark Investments, Inc. filed a complaint against the Company in the U.S. District Court of the Southern
District of New York alleging the registered direct offerings of shares of common stock of the Company completed in December 2020
were in violation of provisions set forth in an engagement letter between the Company and Kingswood Capital Markets, a
 division of Benchmark Investments, Inc. On December 16, 2021, the court granted PAVmed s motion to dismiss the
case for lack of subject matter jurisdiction. On February 7, 2022, Benchmark Investments LLC, which claimed to be a successor to
Benchmark Investments, Inc., filed a new complaint in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County, asserting claims
similar to those in the federal action, and adding to its allegations that financings conducted by the Company in January 2021 and
February 2021 also violated the Company s engagement letter with Kingswood Capital Markets. On February 13, 2023, the Company
entered into a settlement agreement (the Settlement Agreement with EF Hutton, a division of Benchmark Investments,
LLC (f/k/a Kingswood Capital Markets, a division of Benchmark Investments, Inc.) EF Hutton and Benchmark
Investments, LLC (f/k/a Benchmark Investments, Inc.). Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, the Company has paid EF Hutton 
in full and final satisfaction of all claims and disputes the parties made or could have made against one another arising out of or
relating in any way to the above described actions. The Settlement Agreement also included a mutual release and certain other
covenants that are customary for agreements of this nature. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has fully accrued for this settlement, which is included in accrued expenses
and other current liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 

Other
Matters 

In
the ordinary course of our business, particularly as it begins commercialization of its products, the Company may be subject to certain
other legal actions and claims, including product liability, consumer, commercial, tax and governmental matters, which may arise from
time to time. Except as otherwise noted herein, the Company does not believe it is currently a party to any other pending legal proceedings.
Notwithstanding, legal proceedings are subject-to inherent uncertainties, and an unfavorable outcome could include monetary damages,
and excessive verdicts can result from litigation, and as such, could result in a material adverse impact on the Company s business,
financial position, results of operations, and /or cash flows. Additionally, although the Company has specific insurance for certain
potential risks, the Company may in the future incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims which may have a material adverse
impact on the Company s business, financial position, results of operations, and /or cash flows. 

Senior Secured Convertible Note - September 2022 

Totals 

(1) 

As
discussed in Note 14, Debt , the Company issued Senior Secured Convertible Notes dated April 4, 2022 and September 8, 2022, with
an initial million face value principal April 2022 Senior Convertible Note and an initial million face value
principal September 2022 Senior Convertible Note ), respectively. Both convertible notes are accounted for under the ASC
825-10-15-4 fair value option FVO election, wherein, the financial instrument is initially measured at its issue-date
estimated fair value and subsequently remeasured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis at each reporting period date. 

The
estimated fair value of the financial instruments classified within the Level 3 category was determined using both observable inputs
and unobservable inputs. Unrealized gains and losses associated with liabilities within the Level 3 category include changes in fair
value attributable to both observable (e.g., changes in market interest rates) and unobservable (e.g., changes in unobservable long-
dated volatilities) inputs. 

Face value principal payable 

Required rate of return 

Conversion Price 

Value of common stock 

Expected term (years) 

Volatility 

Risk free rate 

Dividend yield 

The
estimated fair values reported utilized the Company s common stock price along with certain Level 3 inputs (as discussed above),
in the development of Monte Carlo simulation models, discounted cash flow analyses, and /or Black-Scholes valuation models. The estimated
fair values are subjective and are affected by changes in inputs to the valuation models and analyses, including the Company s
common stock price, the Company s dividend yield, the risk-free rates based on U.S. Treasury security yields, and certain other
Level-3 inputs including, assumptions regarding the estimated volatility in the value of the Company s common stock price. Changes
in these assumptions can materially affect the estimated fair values. 

million face value principal of debt - comprised of: an initial issuance of million face value
principal; and up to an additional million of face value principal (upon the satisfaction of certain conditions). The debt was
issued in a registered direct offering under the Company s effective shelf registration statement. 

Under
the SPA dated March 31, 2022, the Company issued a Senior Secured Convertible Note dated April 4, 2022, referred to herein as the April
2022 Senior Convertible Note , with such note having a million face value principal, a annual stated interest rate,
a contractual conversion price of per share of the Company s common stock (subject to standard adjustments in the event of
any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction), and a contractual maturity date of
April 4, 2024. The April 2022 Senior Convertible Note may be converted into shares of common stock of the Company at the Holder s
election. 

Under
the same SPA, the Company issued an additional Senior Secured Convertible Note dated September 8, 2022, referred to herein as the September
2022 Senior Convertible Note , with such note having a million face value principal, a annual stated interest rate,
a contractual conversion price of per share of the Company s common stock (subject to standard adjustments in the event of
any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction), and a contractual maturity date of
September 6, 2024. The September 2022 Senior Convertible Note may be converted into shares of common stock of the Company at the Holder s
election. 

The
April 2022 Senior Convertible Note proceeds were million after deducting a million lender fee; and additionally, the Company
incurred total offering costs of approximately , inclusive of the payment of a total of placement agent fees. The lender fee
and offering costs were recognized as of the April 4, 2022 issue date as a current period expense in other income (expense) in the Company s
consolidated statement of operations. 

The
September 2022 Senior Convertible Note proceeds were million after deducting a million lender fee; and additionally, the Company
incurred total offering costs of approximately , inclusive of the payment of a total of placement agent fees. The lender fee
and offering costs were recognized as of the September 8, 2022 issue date as a current period expense in other income (expense) in the
Company s consolidated statement of operations. 

During
the period from April 4, 2022 to October 3, 2022, the Company is required to pay interest expense only (on the million face value
principal), at per annum, computed on a 360 day year. The Company paid in cash interest expense of approximately for the
year ended December 31, 2022. 

During
the period from September 8, 2022 to March 6, 2023, the Company is required to pay interest expense only (on the million face
value principal), at per annum, computed on a 360 day year. The Company paid in cash interest expense of approximately for
the year ended December 31, 2022; and approximately subsequent to December 31, 2022 as of March 9, 2023. 

In
the year ended December 31, 2022, the non-cash expense recognized for the change in the fair value of our convertible notes was approximately
 , related to both the April 2022 and September 2022 Senior Convertible Notes, which are presented in Change in fair value - Senior
Secured Convertible Notes and Senior Convertible Note in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. The April 2022 and
September 2022 Senior Convertible Notes were initially measured at their issue-date estimated fair value and subsequently remeasured
at estimated fair value as of the reporting period date. The Company initially recognized a fair value non-cash expense on the
issue-dates. This initial recognition was partially offset by of decreases in fair value upon remeasurements through December
31, 2022. 

In
the year ended December 31, 2021, the non-cash income recognized for the change in the fair value of our convertible notes was approximately
 , which are presented in Change in fair value - Senior Secured Convertible Notes and Senior Convertible Note in the Company s
consolidated statements of operations. The change in the fair value adjustment of the convertible notes is principally related to the
then outstanding convertible notes being repaid-in-full during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Commencing
October 4, 2022, and then on each of the successive first and tenth trading day of each month thereafter through to and including April
1, 2024 (each referred to as an Installment Date and on the maturity date, the Company will be required
to make a principal repayment of together with accrued interest thereon, with such 38 payments referred to herein as the Installment
Amount , settled in shares of common stock of the Company, subject to customary equity conditions, including minimum share price
and volume thresholds, or at the election of the Company, in cash, in whole or in part. 

Commencing
March 6, 2023, and then on each of the successive first and tenth trading day of each month thereafter through to and including September
1, 2024 (each referred to as an Installment Date and on the maturity date, the Company will be required
to make a principal repayment of together with accrued interest thereon, with such 38 payments referred to herein as the Installment
Amount , settled in shares of common stock of the Company, subject to customary equity conditions, including minimum share price
and volume thresholds, or at the election of the Company, in cash, in whole or in part. 

In
addition to the Installment Amount repayments, the Holder may elect to accelerate the conversion of future Installment Amount repayments,
and interest thereon, subject to certain restrictions, as defined, utilizing the then current conversion price of the most recent Installment
Date conversion price. 

Note 14 Debt - continued 

Subject
to certain conditions being met or waived, from time to time, one or more additional closings may occur, for up to the remaining 
million face value principal, upon five trading days notice given by the Company to the Investor. The Investor s obligation
to purchase the additional notes at each additional closing is subject to certain conditions set forth in the SPA dated March 31, 2022,
including, among others, contractual closing requirements: minimum price and trading volume thresholds of the Company s common
stock; the maximum ratio of debt to market capitalization (as defined); and minimum market capitalization (as defined), with such requirements
being waived by the Investor in its sole discretion. 

Additionally,
effective March 31, 2023, the Investor may by written notice elect to require the Company to issue additional notes of up to million
in face value principal, so long as in doing so it would not cause the ratio of . 

The
payment of all amounts due and payable under both senior convertible notes are guaranteed by the Company and its subsidiaries, except
for Lucid Diagnostics Inc and its subsidiaries; and the obligations under both senior convertible notes are secured by all of the assets
of the Company and each guarantor, except in the case of the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. common stock held by PAVmed Inc. only of Lucid
Diagnostics Inc. s issued and outstanding common stock is pledged to secure the indebtedness of the convertible notes. 

The
Company is subject to certain customary affirmative and negative covenants regarding the rank of the notes, along with the incurrence
of further indebtedness, the existence of liens, the repayment of indebtedness and the making of investments, the payment of cash in
respect of dividends, distributions or redemptions, the transfer of assets, the maturity of other indebtedness, and transactions with
affiliates, among other customary matters. 

. As of March 12, 2023, the investor agreed to waive any such non-compliance during such aforementioned time periods,
under the Senior Convertible Notes and the SPA. 

The
Company and the investor also entered into a waiver dated August 9, 2022 whereby the April 2022 Senior Convertible Note was amended to
permit the Investor to convert up to million of the face value principal of the April 2022 Senior Convertible Note at the then current
conversion price as if the date of conversion were an Installment Date, i.e. a price per share of common stock equal to the lower of
(i) the fixed conversion price then in effect (currently and (ii) of the average VWAP of the Company s common stock
for each of the two trading days with the lowest VWAP of the Company s common stock during the ten consecutive trading day period
ending and including the trading day immediately prior to the applicable conversion date, but in the case of clause (ii), not less than
 per share. As contemplated by such amendment, in the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately of principal repayments
along with approximately of interest expense thereon, were settled through the issuance of shares of common stock of the
Company, with such shares having a fair value of approximately (with such fair value measured as the respective conversion date
quoted closing price of the common stock of the Company). The conversions resulted in a debt extinguishment loss of million in the
year ended December 31, 2022. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, as of March 9, 2023, approximately of principal repayments
along with approximately of interest expense thereon, were settled through the issuance of shares of common stock
of the Company, with such shares having a fair value of approximately (with such fair value measured as the respective conversion
date quoted closing price of the common stock of the Company). 

September 2022 Senior Convertible Note 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The
Company did not have convertible debt outstanding at December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized
debt extinguishment losses of approximately , in connection with repaying-in-full all remaining convertible notes outstanding at
the time. 

See
Note 13, Financial Instruments Fair Value Measurements , for a further discussion of fair value assumptions. 

Note
14 Debt - continued 

Lucid
Diagnostics - Private Placement - Securities Purchase Agreement 

Effective as of March
13, 2023, Lucid entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement Lucid SPA with an accredited institutional investor Lucid Investor , Lucid Lender , and /or Lucid Holder ), pursuant to which Lucid agreed to
sell, and the Lucid Investor agreed to purchase a Senior Secured Convertible Note with a face value principal of million
(the March 2023 Lucid Senior Convertible Note ). The issuance of the March 2023 Lucid Senior Convertible Note is
subject to customary closing conditions. As of the date hereof, the March 2023 Lucid Senior Convertible Note has not yet been issued. 

shares of common stock of PAVmed Inc. are reserved for issuance under the PAVmed Inc. 2014 Equity Plan, with 
shares available for grant as of December 31, 2022. The share reservation is not diminished by a total of PAVmed Inc. stock options
and restricted stock awards granted outside the PAVmed Inc. 2014 Equity Plan as of December 31, 2022. In January 2023, the number of
shares available for grant was increased by in accordance with the evergreen provisions of the plan. 

PAVmed
Inc. Stock Options 

Granted (1) 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding stock options at December 31, 2021 

Vested and exercisable stock options at December 31, 2021 

Outstanding stock options at December 31, 2021 

Granted (1) 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding stock options at December 31, 2022 (3) 

Vested and exercisable stock options at December 31, 2022 

(1) 
 
 (2) 
 
 (3) stock options
 granted outside the PAVmed Inc. 2014 Equity Plan, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31,
 2021. 

Note
15 Stock-Based Compensation - continued 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, in January 2023, the company granted stock options with a weighted average exercise price of for
which will generally vest one-third after one year then ratably over the next eight quarters. 

PAVmed
Inc. Restricted Stock Awards 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested restricted stock awards as of December 31, 2021 (1) 

Unvested restricted stock awards as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested restricted stock awards as of December 31, 2022 (1) 

(1) restricted
 stock awards granted outside the PAVmed Inc. 2014 Equity Plan as of December 31, 2022 and
 December 31, 2021. 

Lucid
Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan 

The
Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan is separate and apart
from the PAVmed Inc. 2014 Equity Plan discussed above. The Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan is designed to enable Lucid Diagnostics
Inc. to offer employees, officers, directors, and consultants, as defined, an opportunity to acquire shares of common stock of Lucid
Diagnostics Inc. The types of awards that may be granted under the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan include stock options, stock
appreciation rights, restricted stock, and other stock-based awards subject to limitations under applicable law. All awards are subject
to approval by the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. board of directors. 

A
total of shares of common stock of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. are reserved for issuance under the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity
Plan, with shares available for grant as of December 31, 2022. The share reservation is not diminished by a total of 
stock options and restricted stock awards granted outside the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan, as of December 31, 2022.
In January 2023, the number of shares available for grant was increased by in accordance with the evergreen provisions of the
plan. 

Note
15 Stock-Based Compensation - continued 

Lucid
Diagnostics Inc. Stock Options 

- 
 
 Granted (1) 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding stock options at December 31, 2021 

Vested and exercisable stock options at December 31, 2021 

Outstanding stock options at December 31, 2021 

Granted (1) 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding stock options at December 31, 2022 (3) 

Vested and exercisable stock options at December 31, 2022 

(1) 
 
 (2) 
 
 (3) stock options
 granted outside the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan, as of December 31, 2022 and
 December 31, 2021. 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, in January and February 2023, the company granted stock options with a weighted average exercise price
of for which will generally vest one-third after one year then ratably over the next eight quarters. 

Note
15 Stock-Based Compensation - continued 

Lucid
Diagnostics Inc. Restricted Stock Awards 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested restricted stock awards as of December 31, 2021 (1) 

Unvested restricted stock awards as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested restricted stock awards as of December 31, 2022 (1) 

(1) restricted
 stock awards granted outside the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan as of December 31,
 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

On
January 7, 2022, restricted stock awards were granted under the Lucid Diagnostics Inc , and an aggregate grant date fair value of approximately million, measured
as the grant date closing price of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. common stock, with such aggregate estimated fair value recognized as stock-based
compensation expense ratably on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, which is commensurate with the service period. The restricted
stock awards are subject to forfeiture if the requisite service period is not completed. 

Consolidated
Stock-Based Compensation Expense 

Sales and marketing expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Research and development expenses 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

Note
15 Stock-Based Compensation - continued 

Stock-Based
Compensation Expense Recognized by Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 

As
noted, the consolidated stock-based compensation expense presented above is inclusive of stock-based compensation expense recognized
by Lucid Diagnostics Inc., inclusive of each of: stock options granted under the PAVmed Inc. 2014 Equity Plan to the three physician
inventors of the intellectual property underlying the CWRU License Agreement Physician Inventors (as discussed above
in Note 5, Related Party Transactions ); and stock options and restricted stock awards granted to employees of PAVmed Inc. and
non-employee consultants under the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan. The stock-based compensation expense recognized by Lucid
Diagnostics Inc. for both the PAVmed Inc. 2014 Equity Plan and the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan, with respect to stock options
and restricted stock awards as discussed above, for the periods indicated, was as follows: 

Lucid Diagnostics Inc 2018 Equity Plan sales and marketing expenses 

Lucid Diagnostics Inc 2018 Equity Plan general and administrative expenses 

Lucid Diagnostics Inc 2018 Equity Plan research and development expenses 

PAVmed Inc 2014 Equity Plan - cost of revenue 

PAVmed Inc 2014 Equity Plan - sales and marketing expenses 

PAVmed Inc 2014 Equity Plan - general and administrative expenses 

PAVmed Inc 2014 Equity Plan - research and development expenses 

Total stock-based compensation expense recognized by Lucid Diagnostics Inc 

Total
 stock-based compensation expense 

Restricted Stock Awards 

Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan 

Stock Options 

Restricted Stock Awards 

Note
15 Stock-Based Compensation - continued 

Stock-based
compensation expense recognized with respect to stock options granted under the PAVmed Inc. 2014 Equity Plan was based on a weighted
average estimated fair value of such stock options of per share and per share during the periods ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively, calculated using the following weighted average Black-Scholes valuation model assumptions: 

Expected stock price volatility 

Risk free interest rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Stock-based
compensation expense recognized with respect to stock options granted under the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan was based on
a weighted average estimated fair value of such stock options of per share and per share during the periods ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, calculated using the following weighted average Black-Scholes valuation model assumptions: 

Expected stock price volatility 

Risk free interest rate 

Expected dividend yield 

PAVmed
Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP 

A
total of shares and shares of common stock of the Company were purchased for proceeds of approximately and ,
on March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively under the PAVmed Inc Employee Stock Purchase Plan PAVmed Inc ESPP ). A total of
 shares and shares of common stock of the Company were purchased for proceeds of approximately and , on September
30, 2022 and 2021, respectively under the PAVmed Inc ESPP. The September 30, 2022 purchase was settled through the redeployment of treasury
stock, and did not reduce the number of shares available-for-issue under the PAVmed Inc ESPP. The PAVmed Inc. ESPP has a total reservation
of shares of common stock of PAVmed Inc. of which shares are available-for-issue as of December 31, 2022. In January
2023, the number of shares available-for-issue was increased by in accordance with the evergreen provisions of the plan. 

Lucid
Diagnostics, Inc Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP 

The
Lucid Diagnostics Inc Employee Stock Purchase Plan Lucid Diagnostics Inc ESPP ), initial six-month stock purchase period
was April 1, 2022 to September 30, 2022. A total of shares of common stock of Lucid Diagnostics Inc were purchased for proceeds
of approximately on September 30, 2022 under the Lucid Diagnostics Inc. ESPP. The Lucid Diagnostics Inc. ESPP has a total reservation
of shares of common stock of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. of which shares are available-for-issue as of December 31, 2022.
In January 2023, the number of shares available-for-issue was increased by in accordance with the evergreen provisions of the
plan. 

and shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (classified
in permanent equity) issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Series
B Convertible Preferred Stock Dividends 

The
Series B Convertible Preferred Stock is issued pursuant to the PAVmed Inc. Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights, and Limitations
of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation ), has a par value
of per share, no voting rights, a stated value of per share, and is immediately convertible upon its issuance. At the holders 
election, a share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into a share of common stock of the Company at a common stock
conversion exchange factor equal to a numerator and denominator of , with each such numerator and denominator not subject to further
adjustment, except for the effect of stock dividends, stock splits or similar events affecting the Company s common stock. The
Series B Convertible Preferred Stock shall not be redeemed for cash and under no circumstances shall the Company be required to net cash
settle the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. 

The
Series B Convertible Preferred Stock dividends are per annum based on the per share stated value of the Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock, with such dividends compounded quarterly, accumulate, and are payable in arrears upon being declared by the Company s
board of directors, with the dividends earned from April 1, 2018 through October 1, 2021 payable-in-kind PIK by the issue
of additional shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock; and after October 1, 2021, dividends may be settled, at the election of
the discretion of the board of directors, through any combination of the issue of shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, the
issue shares of common stock of the Company, and /or cash payment. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s board-of-directors declared an aggregate of approximately of Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock dividends, earned as of December 31, 2021, March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022, and September 30, 2022, which have been settled
by the issue of an additional aggregate shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s board-of-directors declared an aggregate of approximately of Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock dividends, earned as of December 31, 2020, March 31, 2021, June 30, 2021, and September 30, 2021, which have been settled
by the issue of an additional aggregate shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, in January 2023, the Company s board-of-directors declared a Series B Convertible Preferred Stock dividend
earned as of December 31, 2022 and payable as of January 1, 2023, of approximately , to be settled by the issue of an additional 
shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (with such dividend not recognized as a dividend payable as of December 31, 2022, as the
Company s board of directors had not declared such dividends payable as of such date). 

Lucid
Diagnostics - Series A Preferred Stock Offering 

On
March 7, 2023, Lucid entered into subscription agreements for the sale of shares (the Lucid Series A Preferred
Stock ). Each share of the Lucid Series A Preferred Stock has a stated value of and
a conversion price of 1.394. The terms of the Lucid Series A Preferred Stock also include a one times preference on liquidation and
a right to receive dividends equal to of
the number of shares of Lucid common stock into which such Lucid Series A Preferred Stock is convertible, payable on the one-year
and two-year anniversary of the issuance date. The Lucid Series A Preferred Stock is a non-voting security, other than with respect
to limited matters related to changes in terms of the Lucid Series A Preferred Stock. The aggregate gross proceeds from the sale of
shares in such offering were million. 

million shares of its common stock, an increase of million
shares. 

In
February 2023, the Company distributed a proxy statement for a special meeting of shareholders to be held on March 31, 2023 (the Special
Meeting ), at which the Company will be seeking approval of an amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, to
effect, at any time prior to the one-year anniversary date of the Special Meeting, (i) a reverse split of the Company s outstanding
shares of common stock at a specific ratio, ranging from , to be determined by the board of directors of the Company
in its sole discretion, and (ii) an associated reduction in the number of shares of common stock the Company is authorized to issue,
from shares to shares. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, shares of common stock of the Company were issued upon exercise of stock options for cash of
approximately ; and during the year ended December 31, 2022 a total of shares of common stock of the Company were issued
under the PAVmed Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ). See Note 15, Stock-Based Compensation , for a discussion
of each of the PAVmed Inc. 2014 Equity Plan and the PAVmed Inc. ESPP. 

In
the year ended December 31, 2022, share of the Company s common stock were issued upon conversion, at the election of
the holder, of the April 2022 Senior Convertible Note and the September 2022 Senior Convertible Note, for face value principal
repayments, along with approximately of interest thereon, as discussed in Note 14, Debt . 

In
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold 
shares through their at-the-market equity facility for approximately . Subsequent to December 31, 2022, through March 9, 2023, we sold 1,081,997 shares through the at-the-market equity
facility for approximately 0.6 million . 

Common
Stock Purchase Warrants 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Series Z Warrants outstanding totaled and , respectively. A Series Z
Warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share, and expire . During the year ended December 31, 2022, a total of Series Z Warrants were exercised for cash at per share, resulting
in the issue of the same number of shares of common stock of the Company. 

As
of December 31, 2021, Series W Warrants outstanding totaled . The remaining Series W Warrants expired unexercised as of
 . 

Investment in Veris Health Inc. 

Net loss attributable to NCI 

Impact of subsidiary equity transactions 

Lucid Diagnostics Inc. proceeds from Committed Equity Facility, net of deferred financing charges 

Lucid Diagnostics Inc. issuance of common stock for settlement of APA-RDx installment payment 

Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan stock option exercise 

Lucid Diagnostics Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan Purchase 

Stock-based compensation expense - Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 2018 Equity Plan 

Stock-based compensation expense - Veris Health Inc. 2021 Equity Plan 

NCI equity (deficit) end of period 

The
consolidated NCI presented above is with respect to the Company s consolidated majority-owned subsidiaries as a component of consolidated
total stockholders equity as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; and the recognition of a net loss attributable to the
NCI in the consolidated statement of operations for the periods beginning on the acquisition date of the respective majority-owned subsidiaries. 

Lucid
Diagnostics Inc. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were shares of common stock of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. issued and outstanding, of which, PAVmed
Inc. holds shares, representing a majority ownership equity interest and PAVmed Inc. has a controlling financial interest
in Lucid Diagnostics Inc., and accordingly, Lucid Diagnostics Inc. is a consolidated majority-owned subsidiary of PAVmed Inc. 

On
March 28, 2022, Lucid Diagnostics, Inc. entered into a committed equity facility with an affiliate of Cantor Fitzgerald Cantor ).
Under the terms of the committed equity facility, Cantor has committed to purchase up to million of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. common
stock from time to time at the request of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. While there are distinct differences, the facility is structured similarly
to a traditional at-the-market equity facility, insofar as it allows the Company to raise primary equity capital on a periodic basis
at prices based on the existing market price. As of December 31, 2022, under the committed equity facility, a total of shares
of common stock of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. were issued for proceeds of approximately . 

In November 2022, Lucid Diagnostics
also entered into an at-the-market offering for up to 6.5 million of its common stock that may be offered and sold under
a Controlled Equity Offering Agreement between Lucid Diagnostics and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. In the year ended December 31, 2022,
there were no Lucid Diagnostics shares sold through their at-the-market equity facility. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, through March
9, 2023, Lucid Diagnostics sold 230,068 shares through its at-the-market equity facility for approximately 0.3 million. 

Veris
Health Inc. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were shares of common stock of Veris Health Inc. issued and outstanding, of which PAVmed Inc. holds
an majority-interest ownership and PAVmed Inc. has a controlling financial interest, with the remaining minority-interest
ownership held by an unrelated third-party. Accordingly, Veris Health Inc. is a consolidated majority-owned subsidiary of the Company,
for which a provision of a noncontrolling interest (NCI) is included as a separate component of consolidated stockholders equity
in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 along with the recognition of a net loss attributable to the NCI in the consolidated
statement of operations for the period of May 28, 2021 to December 31, 2021, upon its formation and contemporaneous acquisition of Oncodisc
Inc. 

State and Local 

Current and Deferred tax (benefit) expense 

Less: Valuation allowance reserve 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

U.S. state and local income taxes, net of federal benefit 

Permanent differences 

Tax credits 

Revaluation of state deferred taxes 
 ) 

Valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 

Debt issue costs 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Lease liabilities 

Research and development expenditures 

Research and development tax credit carryforwards 

Accrued expenses 

Section 195 deferred start-up costs 

Depreciation amortization 

Deferred tax assets 

Deferred Tax Liabilities 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Depreciation 

Patent licenses 

Deferred Tax Liabilities 

Deferred tax assets, net of deferred tax liabilities 

Less: valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net after valuation allowance 

Note
19 Income Taxes - continued 

Deferred
tax assets and deferred tax liabilities resulting from temporary differences are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to
taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect of the change in
the tax rate is recognized as income or expense in the period the change in tax rate is enacted. 

As
required by FASB ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes, ASC 740), a more-likely-than-not criterion is applied when assessing
the estimated realization of deferred tax assets through their utilization to reduce future taxable income, or with respect to a deferred
tax asset for tax credit carryforward, to reduce future tax expense. A valuation allowance is established, when necessary, to reduce
deferred tax assets, net of deferred tax liabilities, when the assessment indicates it is more-likely-than-not, the full or partial amount
of the net deferred tax asset will not be realized. Accordingly, the Company evaluated the positive and negative evidence bearing upon
the estimated realizability of the net deferred tax assets, and based on the Company s history of operating losses, concluded it
is more-likely-than-not the deferred tax assets will not be realized, and therefore recognized a valuation allowance reserve equal to
the full amount of the deferred tax assets, net of deferred tax liabilities, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the deferred tax asset valuation allowance increased by and , respectively. 

The
Company has total estimated federal net operating loss NOL carryforward of approximately million and million
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is available to reduce future taxable income, of which approximately million
have , and approximately million which do not have a statutory expiration date. The
Company has not yet conducted a formal analysis and the NOL carryforward may be subject-to limitation under U.S. Internal Revenue Code IRC Section 382 (provided there was a greater than 50 ownership change, as computed under such IRC Section 382). The
State and Local NOL carryforwards of approximately million have statutory expiration dates commencing in 2037. The Company has
total estimated research and development R D tax credit carryforward of approximately million as of December
31, 2022 which are available to reduce future tax expense and have statutory expiration dates commencing in 2037. 

The
Company files income tax returns in the United States in federal and applicable state and local jurisdictions. The Company s tax
filings for the years 2017 and thereafter each remain subject to examination by taxing authorities. The Company s policy is to
record interest and penalties related to income taxes as part of its income tax provision. The Company has not recognized any penalties
or interest related to its income tax provision. 

In August 2022, the U.S. Congress
passed the Inflation Reduction Act, which included a corporate minimum tax on book earnings of 15 , an excise tax on corporate share repurchases
of 1 , and certain climate change and energy tax credit incentives. The adoption of a corporate minimum tax of 15 is not expected to
impact PAVmed s effective tax rate. The excise tax of 1 on corporate share buybacks will not have an impact on the Company s
effective tax rate. 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Net loss - as reported, attributable to PAVmed Inc. 

Series B Convertible Preferred Stock dividends earned 

Net loss attributable to PAVmed Inc. common stockholders 

Denominator 

Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

Net loss per share 

Basic and diluted 

Net loss - as reported, attributable to PAVmed Inc. 

Net loss attributable to PAVmed Inc. common stockholders 

The
common stock equivalents have been excluded from the computation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding as their inclusion would
be anti-dilutive, are as follows: 

The
Series B Convertible Preferred Stock dividends earned as of each of the respective periods noted, are included in the calculation of
basic and diluted net loss attributable to PAVmed Inc. common stockholders for each respective period presented. Notwithstanding, the
Series B Convertible Preferred Stock dividends are recognized as a dividend payable only upon the dividend being declared payable by
the Company s board of directors. 

Basic
weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 include the shares of the
Company issued and outstanding during such periods, each on a weighted average basis. The basic weighted average number of shares of
common stock outstanding excludes common stock equivalent incremental shares, while diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding
includes such incremental shares. However, as the Company was in a loss position for all periods presented, basic and diluted weighted
average shares outstanding are the same, as the inclusion of the incremental shares would be anti-dilutive. The common stock equivalents
excluded from the computation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding are as follows: 

Series Z Warrants 

Series W Warrants 

Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 

Total 

The
total stock options and restricted stock awards are inclusive of stock options as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; and 
restricted stock awards as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, granted outside the PAVmed Inc. 2014 Equity Plan. 

F- 38 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4-1.htm

Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

As of December 31, 2022, PAVmed
Inc. PAVmed, the Company or we, us or our had two classes of securities
registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): (i) common stock, 0.001
par value per share; and (ii) Series Z warrants to purchase our common stock Series Z Warrants ). Each of the Company s
securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act are listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. 

DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 

In the discussion that follows,
we have summarized selected provisions of our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, and the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL relating to our common stock. This summary discussion is not complete, and is subject to the relevant provisions of Delaware law and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws. You should read the provisions of our certificate
of incorporation and our bylaws as currently in effect for provisions that may be important to you. 

Authorized Capital Stock 

We are authorized to issue 20,000,000
shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001, and 250,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001. 

Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock 

On March 23, 2018, we filed the
PAVmed Inc. Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights, and Limitations of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock PAVmed
Inc. Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation ). As of March 9, 2023, there were 1,229,887 shares
of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

Common Stock 

As of December 31, 2022, there
were 94,510,537 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding, and, as of such date, we also had issued and outstanding: 

(i) 
 Stock Options to purchase 11,568,655 shares of our common stock at a weighted average exercise price of 2.71 per share, with such total number inclusive of both stock options granted under the PAVmed Inc. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan PAVmed Inc. 2014 Equity Plan and stock options granted outside such plan; and 2,563,843 shares of our common stock reserved for issuance, but not subject to outstanding awards under the PAVmed Inc. 2014 Equity Plan; and 931,841 shares of our common stock reserved for issuance under the PAVmed Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan PAVmed Inc. ESPP ); 

(ii) 
 Series Z Warrants to purchase 11,937,450 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 1.60 per share; 

(iii) 
 Series B Convertible Preferred Stock of 1,205,759 shares, convertible into the same number of shares of our common stock; 

(iv) 
 6,549,400 shares issuable upon conversion of our Senior Secured Convertible Notes, issued pursuant to that certain securities purchase agreement dated as of March 31, 2022 (the Convertible Notes ), assuming for the purposes hereof that the principal and interest thereon is converted into shares of our common stock at the fixed conversion price of 5.00 per share. The number of shares of common stock to be issued under the Convertible Notes may be substantially greater than this amount, because the principal and interest thereon may be settled in shares of common stock, at a price per share based on the then current market price, but in any event at a price per share not less than floor price specified in the Convertible Notes; 

In February 2023, the Company
distributed a proxy statement for a special meeting of shareholders to be held on March 31, 2023 (the Special Meeting ),
at which the Company will be seeking approval of an amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, to effect, at any time
prior to the one-year anniversary date of the Special Meeting, (i) a reverse split of the Company s outstanding shares of common
stock at a specific ratio, ranging from 1-for-5 to 1-for-15, to be determined by the board of directors of the Company in its sole discretion,
and (ii) an associated reduction in the number of shares of common stock the Company is authorized to issue, from 250,000,000 shares to
50,000,000 shares. If the reverse split is approved and implemented, the reverse split will require that proportionate adjustments be
made to the conversion rate, the per share exercise price and the number of shares issuable upon the exercise or conversion of our outstanding
derivative securities, based on the reverse split ratio determined by our board of directors. The determination of the specific ratio
for the reverse split will not affect the number of shares of common stock we are authorized to issue after the reverse split. Regardless
of the ratio, if the reverse split is approved and implemented, we will be authorized to issue 50,000,000 shares of common stock. The
reverse split will have no effect on the number of outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock and no effect on the number of shares
of preferred stock we are authorized to issue. 

Exhibit 4.1 

 (continued) 

Common Stock 

Holders of common stock are entitled
to one vote per share on matters on which our stockholders vote. There are no cumulative voting rights. Subject to any preferential dividend
rights of any outstanding shares of preferred stock, holders of common stock are entitled to receive dividends, if declared by our board
of directors, out of funds that we may legally use to pay dividends. If we liquidate or dissolve, holders of common stock are entitled
to share ratably in our assets once our debts and any liquidation preference owed to any then-outstanding preferred stockholders is paid.
Our certificate of incorporation does not provide the common stock with any redemption, conversion or preemptive rights, and there are
no sinking fund provisions with respect to our common stock. All shares of common stock that are outstanding are fully-paid and non-assessable. 

Preferred Stock 

Our certificate of incorporation
authorizes the issuance of blank check preferred stock. Accordingly, our board of directors is empowered, without stockholder approval,
to issue shares of preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, redemption, voting or other rights which could adversely affect the voting
power or other rights of the holders of shares of our common stock. In addition, shares of preferred stock could be utilized as a method
of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of us. 

Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 

The Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock is issued pursuant to the PAVmed Inc. Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation, has a par value of 0.001
per share, no voting rights, a stated value of 3.00 per share, and is immediately convertible upon its issuance, as discussed herein
below. 

The Series B Convertible Preferred
stock is senior to our common stock with respect to dividends and assets distributed in liquidation. In this regard, in the event of any
voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our company or Deemed Liquidation Event (as defined in the certificate
of designations for the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock), the holders of shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock then outstanding
shall be entitled to be paid out of our assets available for distribution to our stockholders, before any payment shall be made to the
holders of our common stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the greater of (i) the stated value of
the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, plus any dividends accrued but unpaid thereon, or (ii) such amount per share as would have been
payable had all shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock been converted into our common stock immediately prior to such liquidation,
dissolution, winding up or Deemed Liquidation Event. 

At the holders election,
a share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into a share of common stock of PAVmed Inc. at a common stock conversion
exchange factor equal to a numerator and denominator of 3.00, with each such numerator and denominator not subject to further adjustment,
except for the effect of stock dividends, stock splits or similar events affecting the Company s common stock. The Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock shall not be redeemed for cash and under no circumstances shall the Company be required to net cash settle the Series
B Convertible Preferred Stock. 

The Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock provides for dividends at a rate of 8 per annum of the stated value per share of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. Dividends
are payable in arrears on January 1, April 1, July 1, and October 1, 2023. Dividends accrue and cumulate whether or not declared by our
board of directors. All accumulated and unpaid dividends compound quarterly at the rate of 8 of the stated value per annum. Dividends
are payable at our election in any combination of shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, cash or shares of our common stock. 

Exhibit 4.1 

 (continued) 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends
on our common stock to date. Any future decisions regarding dividends will be made by our board of directors. We do not anticipate paying
dividends in the foreseeable future but expect to retain earnings to finance the growth of our business. Our board of directors has complete
discretion on whether to pay dividends. Even if our board of directors decides to pay dividends, the form, frequency and amount will depend
upon our future operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions and other
factors the board of directors may deem relevant. 

Anti-Takeover Provisions 

Provisions of the DGCL and our
certificate of incorporation and bylaws could make it more difficult to acquire us by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or otherwise,
or to remove incumbent officers and directors. These provisions, summarized below, are expected to discourage certain types of coercive
takeover practices and takeover bids that our board of directors may consider inadequate and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control
of us to first negotiate with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of our ability to negotiate
with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure us outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging takeover
or acquisition proposals because, among other things, negotiation of these proposals could result in improved terms for our stockholders. 

Delaware Anti-Takeover Statute .
We are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, an anti-takeover statute. In general, Section 203 of the DGCL prohibits a publicly-held Delaware
corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years
following the time the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination or the acquisition of shares that resulted
in a stockholder becoming an interested stockholder is approved in a prescribed manner. Generally, a business combination 
includes a merger, asset or stock sale, or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. Generally,
an interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns (or within three years prior to
the determination of interested stockholder status did own) 15 or more of a corporation s voting stock. The existence of this provision
would be expected to have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions not approved in advance by the board of directors, including
discouraging attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares of common stock held by stockholders. 

Exhibit 4.1 

 (continued) 

Classified Board . Our
board of directors is divided into three classes. The number of directors in each class is as nearly equal as possible. Directors elected
to succeed those directors whose terms expire shall be elected for a term of office to expire at the third succeeding annual meeting of
stockholders after their election. The existence of a classified board may extend the time required to make any change in control of the
board when compared to a corporation with an unclassified board. It may take two annual meetings for our stockholders to effect a change
in control of the board, because in general less than a majority of the members of the board will be elected at a given annual meeting.
Because our board is classified and our certificate of incorporation does not otherwise provide, under Delaware law, our directors may
only be removed for cause. 

Vacancies in the Board of
Directors . Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that, subject to limitations, any vacancy occurring in our board of
directors for any reason may be filled by a majority of the remaining members of our board of directors then in office, even if such majority
is less than a quorum. Each director elected to fill a vacancy resulting from the death, resignation or removal of a director shall hold
office until the expiration of the term of the director whose death, resignation or removal created the vacancy. 

Advance Notice of Nominations
and Shareholder Proposals . Our stockholders are required to provide advance notice and additional disclosures in order to nominate
individuals for election to our board of directors or to propose matters that can be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which
may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors
or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. 

Special Meetings of Stockholders .
Under our bylaws, special meetings of stockholders may be called by the directors, or the president or the chairman, and shall be called
by the secretary at the request in writing of stockholders owning a majority in amount of the entire capital stock of the corporation
issued and outstanding and entitled to vote. 

No Cumulative Voting .
The DGCL provides that stockholders are denied the right to cumulate votes in the election of directors unless our certificate of incorporation
provides otherwise. Our certificate of incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting. 

Listing 

Our common stock is traded on
the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbols PAVM. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The transfer agent and registrar
for our common stock is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company located at 1 State Street, 30th Floor, New York, NY 10004. 

Exhibit 4.1 

 (continued) 

DESCRIPTION OF SERIES Z WARRANTS 

The Series Z Warrants are issued
under an amended and restated warrant agreement, dated June 8, 2018, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant
agent, and us. In the discussion that follows, we have summarized selected provisions of the amended and restated warrant agreement. This
summary is not complete. This discussion is subject to the provisions the amended and restated warrant agreement and is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the amended and restated warrant agreement. You should read the amended and restated warrant agreement as currently
in effect for provisions that may be important to you. 

General 

We currently have 11,937,450
Series Z Warrants outstanding, as of December 31, 2022. Each Series Z Warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of
our common stock at an exercise price of 1.60 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below. Each warrant is currently exercisable
and expires on April 30, 2024 at 5:00 p.m., New York City time. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
no Series Z Warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of
common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock. If a registration
statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Series Z Warrants is not effective when the warrants become
exercisable, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall
have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise the Series Z Warrants on a cashless basis in the same manner as
if we called the warrants for redemption and required all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. In such
event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between
the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair
market value for this purpose will mean the average daily volume weighted average price for our common stock for the 10 trading
days ending on the trading day prior to the date of exercise. 

Redemption 

We may redeem the outstanding
Series Z Warrants (other than those outstanding prior to this offering held by certain of our senior managers, our founders and members
thereof), at our option, in whole or in part, at a price of 0.01 per warrant: 

at any time while the warrants are exercisable, 

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption, 

if, and only if, the volume weighted average closing price of our common stock equals or exceeds 9.00 (subject to adjustment) for any 20 out of 30 consecutive trading days ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption, provided that the average daily trading volume in the stock during such 30-day period is at least 20,000 shares per day, and 

if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying such warrants. 

The right to exercise will be
forfeited unless the Series Z Warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption
date, a record holder of a Series Z Warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s
warrant upon surrender of such warrant. 

Exhibit 4.1 

 (continued) 

If we call the Series Z Warrants
for redemption as described above, we will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless
basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of common
stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied
by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market
value. In this case, the fair market value shall mean the average daily volume weighted average price the shares of common
stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders
of warrants. 

Exercise 

The exercise price and number
of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of the Series Z Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event
of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the Series Z Warrants
will not be adjusted for issuances of shares of common stock at a price below their respective exercise prices. 

If a Fundamental Transaction
(as defined in the amended and restated warrant agreement for the Series Z Warrants) is completed, then, upon any subsequent exercise
of a Series Z Warrant, the holders of the Series Z Warrants shall have the right to receive, for each share of our common stock that would
have been issuable upon exercise of a Series Z Warrant immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option
of each holder (without regard to the beneficial ownership limitation described below), the number of shares of common stock of the successor
or acquiring corporation or of us, if we are the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration receivable as a result of such
Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of our common stock for which the Series Z Warrant is exercisable immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to the beneficial ownership limitation described below). 

The Series Z Warrants may be
exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise
form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated. Within two trading days following the exercise,
the holder will pay in full the exercise price, by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised.
The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of shares of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise
their warrants. 

Except as described above, no
Series Z Warrants will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of common stock unless at the time a holder seeks to
exercise such warrant, a prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Series Z Warrants is current
and the shares of common stock have been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence
of the holder of the warrants. Under the terms of the amended and restated warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our commercially reasonable
best efforts to meet these conditions and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise
of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. 

No fractional shares will be
issued upon exercise of the Series Z Warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest
in a share, we will, upon exercise, round up to the nearest whole number the number of shares of common stock to be issued to the warrant
holder. 

We will not effect any exercise
of a Series Z Warrant, and a holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of a Series Z Warrant, to the extent that after giving
effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable subscription form, the holder (together with the holder s
affiliates, and any other persons acting as a group together with the holder or any of the holder s affiliates), would beneficially
own in excess of 4.99 or 9.99 (at the election of the holder) of our common stock outstanding. 

Exhibit 4.1 

 (continued) 

Warrant Agreement 

The Series Z Warrants are issued
in registered form under an amended and restated warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant
agent, and us. The amended and restated warrant agreement provides that the terms of the Series Z Warrants may be amended without the
consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote,
of the holders of two-thirds of the then outstanding warrants in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the
registered holders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may lower the exercise price or extend the duration of the Series Z Warrants without
the consent of the holders. 

Listing 

Our Series Z Warrants are traded
on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbols PAVMZ. 

Warrant Agent and Registrar 

The warrant agent and registrar
for our Series Z Warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company located at 1 State Street, 30th Floor, New York, NY 10004. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.9>
 3
 ex10-9.htm

Exhibit
10.9 

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT 

THIS
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the Agreement is entered into as of April 18. 2022 is entered into between Michael Gordon Executive ), and PAVmed Inc., a Delaware corporation having its principal office at One Grand Central Place, Suite
4600, New York, New York 10165 Company to become effective immediately. 

WHEREAS,
the Company and the Executive desire to enter into this Agreement to set forth the terms and conditions of Executive s employment
with the Company. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth, the Company and the Executive
hereby agree as follows: 

1. Employment, Duties and Acceptance . 

1.1 General .
The Company hereby agrees to employ the Executive as its General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. All of Executive s powers and
authority in any capacity shall at all times be subject to the direction and control of the Company s Chief Executive Officer CEO ).
The Executive may be assigned such management and supervisory responsibilities and executive duties for the Company or any subsidiary
of the Company, including serving as an executive officer and/or director of any subsidiary, as are consistent with Executive s
status as General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. 

1.2 Full-Time
Position . Executive accepts such employment and agrees to devote his best efforts and full time to promote the business and affairs
of the Company and its affiliated entities and shall be engaged in other business activities only to the extent that such activities
do not materially interfere or conflict with his obligations to the Company hereunder. Nothing herein, other than Section 5.4 below,
shall be construed as preventing Executive from making and supervising personal investments, or serving on civic, philanthropic, educational,
or charitable boards or committees, or with the prior written consent of the Board, in its sole discretion, on either public or private
corporate boards so long as such activities are not restricted under the Company s Code of Conduct and employment practices. Executive
acknowledges and agrees that Schedule 1.2 attached hereto represents a complete list of corporate boards on which the Executive serves
as of the effective date of this agreement. Notwithstanding any provision of this Section to the contrary, in no event shall the Executive
invest in any business competitive with the Company or that would otherwise violate the provisions of Section 5.4 below. 

1.3 Location .
Executive will perform his duties in San Diego County, California or in such other location as may be mutually agreed by Executive and
the Company. Executive shall undertake such travel, within or outside the United States, as is necessary to perform his duties hereunder. 

2. Term .
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on May 2, 2022 Effective Date and terminate on the third anniversary
of the Effective Date (the Initial Term unless terminated earlier as provided in this Agreement. In addition, the term
of this Agreement shall thereafter automatically renew for periods of one-year (the Renewal Term unless either party gives
written notice to the other party at least 60 days prior to the end of the term or at least 60 days prior to any one-year renewal period,
that the Agreement shall not be further extended. The period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the date on which the term
of the Executive s employment under the Agreement terminates is referred to herein as the Term . 

3. Compensation and Benefits . 

3.1 Salary .
The Company shall pay to Executive a salary Base Salary at the annual rate of 450,000. Executive s compensation
shall be paid in equal, periodic installments in accordance with the Company s normal payroll procedures. The Executive s
base salary shall be reviewed periodically by the Board or Committee (as defined below) pursuant to the Board or Committee s normal
performance review policies for senior level executives. 

3.2 Bonus .
In addition to the Base Salary, Executive shall be eligible to receive a discretionary performance bonus Bonus with a
target of fifty percent (50 of the Executive s Base Salary in effect as of December 31 st of the preceding year based
on Executive s and the Company s performance over the preceding year. The payment and amount of any Bonus shall be in the
sole discretion of the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Committee ). 

3.3 Equity
Awards . Subject to approval by the Committee, Executive will be granted an option (the Option to acquire 400,000 shares
of the Company s common stock, at an exercise price per share basis equal to the closing price of the Company s common stock
as of the date immediately prior to the date of grant (the Grant Date ). Such option will be subject to the terms and conditions
of the Company s 2014 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan and a stock option agreement in the Company s standard form (pursuant
to which the Option shall be granted). 

3.4 Benefits .
Executive shall be entitled to such medical, life, disability and other benefits as are generally afforded to other executives of the
Company, subject to applicable waiting periods and other conditions, as well as participation in all other company-wide employee benefits,
including a defined contribution pension plan and 401(k) plan, as may be made available generally to executive employees from time to
time. The Executive shall be eligible to participate in the Company s annual and long-term incentive plans and programs in accordance
with the terms of such plans and programs as in effect and afforded to other senior executives of the Company at levels determined by
the Board (or committee of the Board). 

3.5 Vacation .
Executive shall be entitled to twenty (20) days of paid vacation in each year during the Term and to a reasonable number of other days
off for religious and personal reasons in accordance with customary Company policy. 

3.6 Expenses .
The Company shall pay or reimburse Executive for all transportation, hotel and other expenses reasonably incurred by Executive on business
trips and for all other ordinary and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses actually incurred by him in the conduct of the business of the
Company, including expenses relating to his laptop, cell phone or other similar devices, against itemized vouchers submitted with respect
to any such expenses and approved in accordance with customary procedures. 

4. Termination . 

4.1 Death .
If Executive dies during the Term, Executive s employment hereunder shall terminate and the Company shall pay to Executive s
estate the amount set forth in Section 4.6(a). 

4.2 Disability .
The Company, by written notice to Executive, may terminate Executive s employment hereunder if Executive shall fail because of
illness or incapacity to render services of the character contemplated by this Agreement for one hundred eighty (180) days. Upon such
termination, the Company shall pay to Executive the amount set forth in Section 4.6(a). 

4.3 By
Company for Cause or By the Executive Without Good Reason . The Company, by written notice to Executive,
may terminate Executive s employment hereunder for Cause. As used herein, Cause shall mean: (a) the
refusal or failure by Executive to carry out any lawful direction of the Board which are of a material nature and consistent with his
status as General Counsel (or whichever positions Executive holds at such time), or the refusal or failure by Executive to perform a
material part of Executive s duties hereunder; (b) the commission by Executive of a material breach of any of the provisions of
this Agreement; (c) fraud or dishonest action by Executive in his relations with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates dishonest for these purposes shall mean Executive s knowingly or recklessly making of a material misstatement or
omission for his personal benefit); or (d) the conviction of Executive of a felony under federal or state law. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
no Cause for termination shall be deemed to exist with respect to Executive s acts described in clauses (a) or (b)
above, unless the Company shall have given written notice to Executive within a period not to exceed thirty (30) calendar days of the
initial existence of the occurrence, specifying the Cause with reasonable particularity and, within thirty (30) calendar
days after such notice, Executive shall not have cured or eliminated the problem or thing giving rise to such Cause; provided,
however, no more than two cure periods need be provided during any twelve- month period. Upon such termination, the Company shall pay
to Executive the amount set forth in Section 4.6(b). The Company shall also pay such amount to Executive upon his termination of employment
without Good Reason (as defined below), which Executive shall have the right to do on at least thirty (30) days written
notice to the Company. 

4.4 By
Executive for Good Reason . The Executive, by written notice to the Company, may terminate Executive s employment
hereunder if a Good Reason exists. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean the occurrence
of any of the following circumstances without the Executive s prior written consent: (a) a substantial and material adverse change
in the nature of Executive s title, duties or responsibilities with the Company (other than as a director of the Company) that
represents a demotion from his title, duties or responsibilities as in effect immediately prior to such change (such change, a Demotion );
(b) material breach of this Agreement by the Company; (c) a failure by the Company to make any payment to Executive when due, unless
the payment is not material and is being contested by the Company, in good faith; (d) a change of the principal office or work place
assigned to the Executive to a location more than 35 miles distant from its location immediately prior to such change; (e) a material
reduction of the Executive s Base Salary or bonus opportunity, unless pursuant to a reduction in such items applicable proportionally
to all senior management and board members; or (f) a liquidation, bankruptcy or receivership of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
no Good Reason shall be deemed to exist with respect to the Company s acts described in clauses (a), (b), (c), (d)
or (e) above, unless Executive shall have given written notice to the Company within a period not to exceed thirty (30) calendar days
of the initial existence of the occurrence, specifying the Good Reason with reasonable particularity and, within thirty
(30) calendar days after such notice, the Company shall not have cured or eliminated the problem or thing giving rise to such Good
Reason provided, however, that no more than two cure periods shall be provided during any twelve-month period of a breach of
clauses (a), (b), (c), (d), or (e) above. Upon such termination, the Company shall pay to Executive the amount set forth in Section 4.6(c). 

4.5 By
Company Without Cause . The Company may terminate Executive s employment hereunder without Cause 
by giving at least thirty (30) days written notice to Executive. Upon such termination, the Company shall pay to Executive the amount
set forth in Section 4.6(c). 

4.6 Compensation
Upon Termination . In the event that Executive s employment hereunder is terminated, the Company shall pay to Executive the
following compensation: 

(a) Payment
Upon Death or Disability . In the event that Executive s employment is terminated pursuant to Sections 4.1 or 4.2, the Company
shall no longer be under any obligation to Executive or his legal representatives pursuant to this Agreement except for: (i) the Base
Salary due Executive pursuant to Section 3.1 hereof through the date of termination; (ii) any Bonus which would have become payable under
Section 3.2 for the year in which the employment was terminated prorated by multiplying the full amount of the Bonus by a fraction, the
numerator of which is the number of full calendar months worked by Executive during the year of termination and the denominator
of which is 12 (a full calendar month is a month in which the Executive worked at least two weeks); (iii) all earned and
previously approved but unpaid Bonuses for any year prior to the year of termination; (iv) all valid expense reimbursements, and (v)
all unused vacation pay through the date of termination required by law to be paid. 

(b) Payment
Upon Termination by the Company For Cause or by the Executive Without Good Reason . In the event that the Company terminates
Executive s employment hereunder pursuant to Section 4.3, the Company shall have no further obligations to the Executive hereunder,
except for: (i) the Base Salary due Executive pursuant to Section 3.1 hereof through the date of termination (ii) all valid expense reimbursements
and (iii) all unused vacation pay through the date of termination required by law to be paid. 

(c) Payment
Upon Termination by Company Without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason . In the event that Executive s employment is terminated
pursuant to Sections 4.4 or 4.5, the Company shall have no further obligations to Executive hereunder except for: (i) the Base Salary
(at the rate in effect immediately before Executive s termination or resignation, as applicable) due Executive pursuant to Section
3.1 hereof until the later of the two- year anniversary of the Effective Date and the date that is twelve (12) months from the date of
termination; (ii) any Bonus which would have become payable under Section 3.2 for the year in which the employment was terminated prorated
by multiplying the full amount of the Bonus by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full calendar months 
worked by Executive during the year of termination and the denominator of which is 12 (a full calendar month is a month
in which the Executive worked at least two weeks); (iii) the Base Salary due Executive pursuant to Section 3.1 hereof through the date
of termination; (iv) all valid expense reimbursements; (v) to the extent the Executive timely elects to receive continuation coverage
pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended COBRA ), the Company shall pay or reimburse
the Executive, on a monthly basis, an amount equal to the full monthly premium for such coverage, from the date of termination until
the earlier of (a) the date twelve (12) months following the date of termination, and (B) the date of Executive becoming eligible for
coverage under a new employer s health insurance plan (the COBRA health care continuation coverage period under Section 4980B of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code shall run concurrently with the foregoing period); and (vi) all
unused vacation pay through the date of termination required by law to be paid, subject, in the case of clause (i) and (ii), to Executive s
compliance with Section 5 and to Executive s execution of a release of claims in favor of the Company, its affiliates and their
respective officers and directors in a form provided by the Company and such release becoming effective,. 

(d) Executive
shall have no duty to mitigate awards paid or payable to him pursuant to this Agreement, and any compensation paid or payable to Executive
from sources other than the Company will not offset or terminate the Company s obligation to pay to Executive the full amounts
pursuant to this Agreement. 

5. Protection of Confidential Information; Non-Competition . 

5.1 Acknowledgment . Executive acknowledges that: 

(a) As
a result of his employment with the Company, Executive will obtain secret and confidential information concerning the business of the
Company and its subsidiaries (referred to collectively in this Section 5 as the Company ), including, without limitation,
financial information, proprietary rights, trade secrets and know-how, customers and sources Confidential Information ). 

(b) The
Company will suffer substantial damage which will be difficult to compute if, during the period of his employment with the Company or
thereafter, Executive should enter a business competitive with the Company or divulge Confidential Information. 

(c) The
provisions of this Agreement are reasonable and necessary for the protection of the business of the Company. 

5.2 Confidentiality .
Executive agrees that he will not at any time, during the Term or thereafter, divulge to any person or entity any Confidential Information
obtained or learned by him as a result of his employment with the Company, except (i) in the course of performing his duties hereunder,
(ii) with the Company s prior written consent; (iii) to the extent that any such information is in the public domain other than
as a result of Executive s breach of any of his obligations hereunder; or (iv) where required to be disclosed by law, regulation,
stock exchange rule, court order, subpoena or other government process. If Executive shall be required to make disclosure pursuant to
the provisions of clause (iv) of the preceding sentence, Executive promptly, but in no event more than 48 hours after learning of such
subpoena, court order, or other government process, shall notify, confirmed by mail, the Company and, at the Company s expense,
Executive shall: (a) take all reasonably necessary and lawful steps required by the Company to defend against the enforcement of such
subpoena, court order or other government process, and (b) permit the Company to intervene and participate with counsel of its choice
in any proceeding relating to the enforcement thereof. 

5.3 Documents .
Upon termination of his employment with the Company, Executive will promptly deliver to the Company all memoranda, notes, records, reports,
manuals, drawings, blueprints and other documents (and all copies thereof) relating to the business of the Company and all property associated
therewith, which he may then possess or have under his control; provided, however, that Executive shall be entitled to retain copies
of such documents reasonably necessary to document his financial relationship with the Company. 

5.4 Non-competition .
During the Term and for a period of one (1) year thereafter, or two (2) years thereafter in the event of a Change of Control, Executive,
without the prior written permission of the Company, shall not, anywhere in the world, (i) be employed by, or render any services to,
any person, firm or corporation engaged in the medical device industry (or any other business) which is directly in competition with
any material business conducted or proposed to be conducted by the Company or any of its subsidiaries at the time of termination Competitive Business ); (ii) engage in any Competitive Business for his own account; (iii) be associated with or interested
in any Competitive Business as an individual, partner, shareholder, creditor, director, officer, principal, agent, employee, trustee,
consultant, advisor or in any other relationship or capacity; (iv) employ or retain, or have or cause any other person or entity to employ
or retain, any person who was employed or retained by the Company while Executive was employed by the Company; or (v) solicit, interfere
with, or endeavor to entice away from the Company, for the benefit of a Competitive Business, any of its customers or other persons with
whom the Company has a contractual relationship. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall preclude Executive from
investing his personal assets in any manner he chooses, provided, however, that Executive may not, during the period referred to in this
Section 5.4, own more than 4.9 of the equity securities of any Competitive Business. 

5.5 Injunctive
Relief . If Executive commits a breach, or threatens to commit a breach, of any of the provisions of Sections 5.2 or 5.4, the Company
shall have the right and remedy to seek to have the provisions of this Agreement specifically enforced by any court having equity jurisdiction,
it being acknowledged and agreed by Executive that the services being rendered hereunder to the Company are of a special, unique and
extraordinary character and that any such breach or threatened breach will cause irreparable injury to the Company and that money damages
will not provide an adequate remedy to the Company. The rights and remedies enumerated in this Section 5.5 shall be in addition to, and
not in lieu of, any other rights and remedies available to the Company under law or equity. In connection with any legal action or proceeding
arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be entitled to be reimbursed by
the other party for the reasonable attorneys fees and costs incurred by the prevailing party. 

5.6 Modification .
If any provision of Sections 5.2 or 5.4 is held to be unenforceable because of the scope, duration or area of its applicability, the
tribunal making such determination shall have the power to modify such scope, duration, or area, or all of them, and such provision or
provisions shall then be applicable in such modified form. 

5.7 Survival .
The provisions of this Section 5 shall survive the termination of employment under this Agreement for any reason. 

6. Miscellaneous Provisions . 

6.1 Notices .
All notices provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing, and shall be deemed to have been duly given when (i) delivered personally
to the party to receive the same, or (ii) when mailed first class postage prepaid, by certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed
to the party to receive the same at his or its address set forth below, or such other address as the party to receive the same shall
have specified by written notice given in the manner provided for in this Section 6.1, or sent via email or facsimile. 

If
to Executive, to his address as set forth in the Company s books and records. 

If to the Company: 

PAVmed
Inc. 

 One
Grand Central Place, Suite 4600 

 New York, New York 10165 

 Attn:
Lishan Aklog, M.D. 

 Email: la@pavmed.com 

6.2 Entire
Agreement; Waiver . This Agreement, the Option and the separate indemnification agreement being entered simultaneously herewith sets
forth the entire agreement of the parties relating to the employment of Executive and is intended to supersede all prior negotiations,
understandings and agreements. No provisions of this Agreement may be waived or changed except by a writing by the party against whom
such waiver or change is sought to be enforced. The failure of any party to require performance of any provision hereof or thereof shall
in no manner affect the right at a later time to enforce such provision. 

6.3 Governing
Law . All questions with respect to the construction of this Agreement, and the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder, shall
be determined in accordance with the law of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely in New York. 

6.4 Binding
Effect; Nonassignability . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and assigns of the Company.
This Agreement shall not be assignable by Executive, but shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Executive s heirs and
legal representatives. 

6.5 Severability .
Should any provision of this Agreement become legally unenforceable, no other provision of this Agreement shall be affected, and this
Agreement shall continue as if the Agreement had been executed absent the unenforceable provision. 

6.6 Section
409A . This Agreement is intended to comply with the provisions of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code Section 409A ).
To the extent that any payments and/or benefits provided hereunder are not considered compliant with Section 409A, the parties agree
that the Company shall take all actions necessary to make such payments and/or benefits become compliant. 

7.
 Arbitration; Expenses . In the event of any dispute under the provisions of this Agreement, other than a dispute in which the primary
relief sought is an equitable remedy such as an injunction, the parties shall be required to have the dispute, controversy or claim settled
by arbitration in the non-moving parties jurisdiction in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures then
in effect of the American Arbitration Association, before an arbitrator agreed to by both parties. If the parties cannot agree upon the
choice of arbitrator, the Company and the Executive will each choose an arbitrator. The two arbitrators will then select a third arbitrator
who will serve as the actual arbitrator for the dispute, controversy or claim. Any award entered by the arbitrator shall be final, binding
and nonappealable and judgment may be entered thereon by either party in accordance with applicable law in any court of competent jurisdiction.
This arbitration provision shall be specifically enforceable. The arbitrator shall have no authority to modify any provision of this
Agreement or to award a remedy for a dispute involving this Agreement other than a benefit specifically provided under or by virtue of
the Agreement. Each party shall be responsible for its own expenses relating to the conduct of the arbitration (including reasonable
attorneys fees and expenses) and shall share the fees of the American Arbitration Association. 

8. Attorneys 
Fees . Except as provided in Section 7 above, in any action at law or in equity to enforce or construe any provisions or rights under
this Agreement, the unsuccessful party or parties to such litigation, as determined by the courts pursuant to a final judgment or decree,
shall pay the successful party or parties all costs, expenses, and reasonable attorneys fees incurred by such successful party
or parties (including, without limitation, such costs, expenses, and fees on any appeals), and if such successful party or parties shall
recover judgment in any such action or proceedings, such costs, expenses, and attorneys fees shall be included as part of such
judgment. 

[Signature
Page Follows] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the date first above written. 

PAVMED
 INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 Lishan
 Aklog, M.D. 

Title: 
 Chairman
 and CEO 

By: 

Name: 
 Michael
 Gordon 

Schedule
1.2. Schedule of Consultancy, Advisory, or Board of Directors 

Alpha
Chi Alpha (Dartmouth College) Alumni Association 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.12>
 4
 ex10-12.htm

Exhibit
10.12 

PAVMED
INC. 

 2014
LONG-TERM INCENTIVE EQUITY PLAN 

 STOCK
OPTION AGREEMENT 

THIS
STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT is made as of the Grant Date by and between PAVmed Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ),
and Grantee. 

WHEREAS,
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Company s 2014 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan (the Plan ), the
Compensation Committee (the Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board authorized the grant to the Grantee of an option (the Option to purchase up to the number of shares of the authorized
but unissued common stock of the Company, .001 par value Common Stock set forth in the table below opposite Number
of Shares Subject to Option (the Option Shares ), conditioned upon the Grantee s acceptance thereof
upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and subject to the terms of the Plan (capitalized terms used herein and not
otherwise defined have the meanings set forth in the Plan); and 

WHEREAS,
the Grantee desires to acquire the Option on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and subject to the terms of the Plan; 

Grantee: 

Grant
 Date: 

Number
 of Shares Subject to Option: 

Exercise
 Price (Per Share): 

Expiration
 Date: 

Vest
 Schedule: 
 See
 Vest Schedule online on etrade.com 1 

Type
 of Grant: 

1
 As shown on the Vest Schedule at etrade.com, the Option will vest one-third on or about the one-year anniversary of the most recent
quarter end as of the Grant Date, with the remaining portion of the Option vesting in eight, equal quarterly installments. 

IT
IS AGREED: 

1.
 Grant of Stock Option . The Company hereby grants to the Grantee the right and option to purchase all or any part of the Option
Shares on the terms and conditions set forth herein and subject to the provisions of the Plan. 

2.
 Non-Incentive Stock Option . The Option represented hereby is not intended to be an Option that qualifies as an Incentive
Stock Option under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

3.
 Exercise Price . The exercise price (the Exercise Price of the Option is defined as the closing price of
the Company s common stock on Grant Date, subject to adjustment as hereinafter provided. 

4.
 Effect of Termination of Employment . 

4.1.
 Termination Due to Death . If Grantee s employment by the Company terminates by reason of death, the portion of the Option,
if any, that was exercisable as of the date of death may thereafter be exercised by the legal representative of the estate or by the
legatee of the Grantee under the will of the Grantee, for a period of one year from the date of such death or until the expiration of
the Exercise Period, whichever period is shorter. The portion of the Option, if any, that was not exercisable as of the date of death
shall immediately terminate upon death. 

2 

4.2.
 Termination Due to Disability . If Grantee s employment by the Company terminates by reason of Disability, the portion of
the Option, if any, that was exercisable as of the date of termination of employment may thereafter be exercised by the Grantee or legal
representative for a period of one year from the date of such termination or until the expiration of the Exercise Period, whichever period
is shorter. The portion of the Option, if any, that was not exercisable as of the date of Disability shall immediately terminate upon
disability. 

4.3.
 Termination Due to Retirement . If Grantee s employment by the Company terminates due to Normal Retirement, then the portion
of the Option that was exercisable as of the date of termination of employment may be exercised for a period of one year from the date
of such termination or until the expiration of the Exercise Period, whichever is shorter. The portion of the Option not yet exercisable
on the date of termination of employment shall immediately expire. 

4.4.
 Termination by the Company Without Cause or by the Grantee . If Grantee s employment is terminated by the Company without
 Cause or by the Grantee, then the portion of the Option that was exercisable as of the date of termination of employment
may be exercised for a period of three months from the date of such termination or until the expiration of the Exercise Period, whichever
is shorter. The portion of the Option not yet exercisable on the date of termination of employment shall immediately expire. 

4.4.1.
As used herein, Cause shall mean: (a) the refusal or failure by Grantee to carry out specific directions of the Grantee s
supervisor which are of a material nature and consistent with Grantee s position at the Company; (b) the commission by Grantee
of a material breach of any of the provisions of any agreement with the Company or of any written policies or procedures of the Company;
(c) fraud or dishonest action by Grantee in Grantee s relations with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates dishonest 
for these purposes shall mean Employees knowingly or recklessly making a material misstatement or omission for her personal benefit);
or (d) the conviction of Grantee of a felony under federal or state law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Cause shall
be deemed to exist with respect to Grantee s acts described in clauses (a) or (b) above, unless the Company shall have given written
notice to Grantee within a period not to exceed ten (10) calendar days of the initial existence of the occurrence, specifying the Cause 
with reasonable particularity and, within thirty (30) calendar days after such notice, Grantee shall not have cured or eliminated the
problem or thing giving rise to such Cause provided, however, no more than two cure periods need be provided during any
twelve-month period. 

3 

4.5.
 Change of Control . If a Change of Control (as defined in the Company s form of Indemnification Agreement in use as of the
date hereof) occurs upon or prior to a termination of Grantee s employment, then upon termination of Grantee s employment
following such event (other than a termination by the Company for Cause), the Option immediately shall become exercisable as to all the
Option Shares and may be exercised for a period of three months (or in the case of the death, Disability or Normal Retirement of Grantee,
one year) from the date of such termination or until the expiration of the Exercise Period, whichever is shorter. 

4.6.
 Other Termination . 

4.6.1.
If Grantee s employment is terminated for any reason other than (i) death, (ii) Disability, (iii) Normal Retirement, (iv) without
Cause by the Company or (v) by the Grantee, the Option shall expire on the date of termination of employment. 

4.6.2.
In the event the Grantee s employment is terminated by the Company for Cause, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may annul
any award granted hereunder and require the Grantee to return to the Company the economic benefit of any Option Shares purchased hereunder
by the Grantee within the 6 month period prior to the date of termination. In such event, the Grantee hereby agrees to remit to the Company,
in cash, an amount equal to the difference between the Fair Market Value of the Option Shares on the date of termination (or, if higher,
the sales price of such Shares if the Option Shares were sold during such 6 month period) and the Exercise Price of such Shares. 

4 

4.6.3.
 Competing With the Company . If Grantee s employment with the Company or a Subsidiary is terminated for any reason whatsoever
and within 12 months after the date thereof such Grantee either (i) accepts employment with any competitor of, or otherwise engages in
competition with, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) solicits any customers or employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
to do business with or render services to the Holder or any business with which the Grantee becomes affiliated or to which the Grantee
renders services or (iii) uses or discloses to anyone outside the Company any confidential information or material of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries in violation of the Company s policies or any agreement between the Grantee and the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may require the Grantee to return to the Company the economic value of any award
that was realized or obtained by such Grantee at any time during the period beginning on the date that is 6 months prior to the date
such Grantee s employment is terminated; provided, however, that if Grantee is a resident of the State of California, such right
must be exercised by the Company for cash within six months after the date of termination of Grantee s service to the Company or
within six months after exercise of the Option, whichever is later. In such event, Grantee agrees to remit the economic value to the
Company in accordance with Section 4.6.2. 

5.
 Withholding Tax . Not later than the date as of which an amount first becomes includible in the gross income of the Grantee for
Federal income tax purposes with respect to the Option, the Grantee shall pay to the Company, or make arrangements satisfactory to the
Committee regarding the payment of, any Federal, state and local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld or paid with respect
to such amount Withholding Tax ). The obligations of the Company under the Plan and pursuant to this Agreement shall
be conditional upon such payment or arrangements with the Company and the Company shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right
to deduct any Withholding Taxes from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the Grantee from the Company. 

6.
 Adjustments . In the event of any change in the shares of Common Stock of the Company as a whole occurring as the result of a common
stock split, or reverse split, common stock dividend payable on shares of Common Stock, combination or exchange of shares, or other extraordinary
or unusual event occurring after the grant of the Option, the Committee shall determine, in its sole discretion, whether such change
equitably requires an adjustment in the terms of this Option or the aggregate number of shares reserved for issuance under the Plan.
Any such adjustments will be made by the Committee, whose determination will be final, binding and conclusive. 

5 

7.
 Method of Exercise . 

7.1.
 Notice to the Company . The Option shall be exercised in whole or in part by written notice in substantially the form attached
hereto as Exhibit A directed to the Company at its principal place of business accompanied by full payment as hereinafter provided
of the exercise price for the number of Option Shares specified in the notice and of the Withholding Taxes, if any. 

7.2.
 Delivery of Option Shares . The Company shall deliver a certificate for the Option Shares to the Grantee as soon as practicable
after payment therefor. 

7.3.
 Payment of Purchase Price . 

7.3.1.
 Cash Payment . The Grantee shall make cash payments by wire transfer, certified or bank check or personal check, in each case payable
to the order of the Company; the Company shall not be required to deliver certificates for Option Shares until the Company has confirmed
the receipt of good and available funds in payment of the purchase price thereof. 

7.3.2.
 Cashless Payment . Provided that prior approval of the Company has been obtained, the Grantee may use Common Stock of the Company
owned by him to pay the purchase price for the Option Shares by delivery of stock certificates in negotiable form which are effective
to transfer good and valid title thereto to the Company, free of any liens or encumbrances. Shares of Common Stock used for this purpose
shall be valued at the Fair Market Value. 

7.3.3.
 Payment of Withholding Tax . Any required Withholding Tax may be paid in cash or with Common Stock in accordance with Sections
7.3.1 and 7.3.2. 

7.3.4.
 Exchange Act Compliance . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall have the right to reject payment in the form of Common
Stock if in the opinion of counsel for the Company, (i) it could result in an event of recapture under Section 16(b) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; (ii) such shares of Common Stock may not be sold or transferred to the Company; or (iii) such transfer
could create legal difficulties for the Company. 

6 

8.
 Transfer . Except as may be set forth in the next sentence of this Section, the Option shall not be transferable by the Grantee
other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and the Option shall be exercisable, during the Grantee s lifetime,
only by the Grantee (or, to the extent of legal incapacity or incompetency, the Grantee s guardian or legal representative). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Grantee, with the approval of the Committee, may transfer all or a portion of the Option (i) (A) by gift, for no consideration,
or (B) pursuant to a domestic relations order, in either case, to or for the benefit of the Grantee s Immediate Family 
(as defined below), or (ii) to an entity in which the Grantee and/or members of Grantee s Immediate Family own more than fifty
percent of the voting interest, in exchange for an interest in that entity, subject to such limits as the Committee may establish, and
the transferee shall remain subject to all the terms and conditions applicable to the Option prior to such transfer. The term Immediate
Family shall mean any child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, sibling, niece, nephew,
mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law or sister-in-law, including adoptive relationships, any person
sharing the Grantee s household (other than a tenant or employee), a trust in which these persons have more than fifty percent
beneficial interest, and a foundation in which these persons (or the Grantee) control the management of the assets. 

9.
 Company Representations . The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Grantee that: 

9.1.
the Company, by appropriate and all required action, is duly authorized to enter into this Agreement and consummate all of the transactions
contemplated hereunder; and 

9.2.
the Option Shares, when issued and delivered by the Company to the Grantee in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof, will be
duly and validly issued and fully paid and non-assessable. 

10.
 Grantee Representations . The Grantee hereby represents and warrants to the Company that the Grantee: 

10.1.
is acquiring the Option and shall acquire the Option Shares for their own account and not with a view towards the distribution thereof; 

7 

10.2.
has received a copy of the Plan as in effect as of the date of this Agreement; 

10.3.
has received a copy of all reports and documents required to be filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant
to the Exchange Act, within the last 24 months and all reports issued by the Company to its stockholders; 

10.4.
understands that the Grantee is subject to the Company s Insider Trading Policy and has received a copy of such policy as of the
date of this Agreement; 

10.5.
understands that the Grantee must bear the economic risk of the investment in the Option Shares, which cannot be sold by the Grantee
unless they are registered under the Securities Act of 1933 1933 Act or an exemption therefrom is available thereunder
and that the Company is under no obligation to register the Option Shares for sale under the 1933 Act; 

10.6.
in their position with the Company, has had both the opportunity to ask questions and receive answers from the officers and directors
of the Company and all persons acting on its behalf concerning the terms and conditions of the offer made hereunder and to obtain any
additional information to the extent the Company possesses or may possess such information or can acquire it without unreasonable effort
or expense necessary to verify the accuracy of the information obtained pursuant to Section 10.3 above; 

10.7.
is aware that the Company shall place stop transfer orders with its transfer agent against the transfer of the Option Shares in the absence
of registration under the 1933 Act or an exemption therefrom as provided herein; and 

10.8.
if, at the time of issuance of the Option Shares, the issuance of such shares have not been registered under the 1933 Act, the certificates
evidencing the Option Shares shall bear the following legends: 

The
shares represented by this certificate have been acquired for investment and have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933.
The shares may not be sold or transferred in the absence of such registration or an exemption therefrom under said Act. 

8 

The
shares represented by this certificate have been acquired pursuant to a Stock Option Agreement dated as of the Grant Date ,
a copy of which is on file with the Company, and may not be transferred, pledged or disposed of except in accordance with the terms and
conditions thereof. 

11.
 Restriction on Transfer of Option Shares . Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, the Grantee hereby agrees
that they shall not sell, transfer by any means or otherwise dispose of the Option Shares acquired by him unless (i) the Option Shares
are registered under the 1933 Act, or in the event that they are not so registered, an exemption from the 1933 Act registration requirements
is available thereunder and the Grantee has furnished the Company with notice of such proposed transfer and the Company s legal
counsel, in its reasonable opinion, shall deem such proposed transfer to be so exempt, and (ii) such transfer is in compliance with the
Company s Insider Trading Policy, as in effect at such time. 

12.
 Miscellaneous . 

12.1.
 Notices . All notices, requests, deliveries, payments, demands and other communications which are required or permitted to be given
under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be either delivered personally or sent by registered or certified mail, or by private
courier to the parties at their respective addresses set forth herein, or to such other address as either party shall have specified
by notice in writing to the other. Notice shall be deemed duly given hereunder when delivered or mailed as provided herein. 

12.2.
 Conflicts with the Plan . In the event of a conflict between the provisions of the Plan and the provisions of this Agreement, the
provisions of the Plan shall in all respects be controlling. 

12.3.
 Grantee and Stockholder Rights . The Grantee shall not have any of the rights of a stockholder with respect to the Option Shares
until such shares have been issued after the due exercise of the Option. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to confer
upon Grantee any right to continue as an employee of the Company or any subsidiary or to employment or engagement with the Company or
any subsidiary thereof in any capacity whatsoever. 

9 

12.4.
 Waiver . The waiver by any party hereto of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver
of any other or subsequent breach. 

12.5.
 Entire Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.
This Agreement may not be amended except by writing executed by the Grantee and the Company. 

12.6.
 Binding Effect; Successors . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and, to the extent
not prohibited herein, their respective heirs, successors, assigns and representatives. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied,
is intended to confer on any person other than the parties hereto and as provided above, their respective heirs, successors, assigns
and representatives any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities. 

12.7.
 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware (without
regard to choice of law provisions). 

12.8.
 Headings . The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference and shall not in any way limit or
affect the meaning or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement. 

12.9.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have signed this Agreement as of the day and year first above: 

PAVMED
 INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 Lishan
 Aklog, M.D. 

Title: 
 Chairman
 and CEO 

Date: 

GRANTEE: 

10 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.13>
 5
 ex10-13.htm

Exhibit
10.13 

INDEMNIFICATION
AGREEMENT 

This
Agreement, made and entered into effective as of [________] Agreement ), by and between PAVmed Inc., a Delaware corporation Company ), and the undersigned indemnitee Indemnitee ). 

WHEREAS,
the Board of Directors of the Company Board has determined that the ability to attract and retain qualified officers
and directors is in the best interests of the Company s stockholders; and 

WHEREAS,
it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company to obligate itself contractually to indemnify such persons to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law so that such persons will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not
be adequately indemnified; and 

WHEREAS,
this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of Article VII of the Bylaws of the Company, and Article Eighth of the Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto and shall neither be deemed to be a
substitute therefor nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and 

WHEREAS,
Indemnitee is willing to serve on behalf of the Company on the condition that he be indemnified according to the terms of this Agreement; 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants contained herein, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree
as follows: 

1. Definitions .
For purposes of this Agreement: 

1.1
 Change in Control means a change in control of the Company occurring after the date hereof of a nature that would be required
to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or in response to any similar item on any similar schedule
or form) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), whether or not the Company is
then subject to such reporting requirement provided, however, that, without limitation, such a Change in Control shall be deemed to have
occurred if after the date hereof (i) any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act),
other than a person who is an officer or director of the Company on the date hereof (and any of such person s affiliates), is or
becomes beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the
Company representing 50 or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Company without the prior approval
of at least two-thirds of the members of the Board in office immediately prior to such person attaining such percentage interest; (ii)
the Company is a party to a merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other reorganization, or a proxy contest, as a consequence of which
(A) members of the Board in office immediately prior to such transaction or event constitute less than a majority of the Board thereafter
or (B) the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such transaction do not continue to represent (either by
remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) more than 50 of the combined voting power
of the voting securities of the surviving entity outstanding immediately after such transaction with the power to elect at least a majority
of the board of directors or other governing body of such surviving entity; or (iii) during any period of two consecutive years, individuals
who at the beginning of such period constituted the Board (including for this purpose any new director whose election or nomination for
election by the Company s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who
were directors at the beginning of such period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved) cease for any
reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board. 

1.2
 Corporate Status means the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company
or of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise which such person is or was
serving at the request of the Company. In addition, service at the actual request of the Company, for purposes of this Agreement, Indemnitee
shall be deemed to be serving or to have served at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of
any other enterprise (excluding any parent of the Company or any subsidiary of such parent other than the Company and is subsidiaries)
if Indemnitee is or was serving as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of such enterprise and (A) such enterprise is or
at the time of such service was an affiliate of the Company, (B) such enterprise is or at the time of such service was an employee benefit
plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or an affiliate of the Company or (C) the Company or an affiliate of the
Company directly or indirectly caused Indemnitee to be nominated, elected, appointed, designated, employed, engaged or selected to serve
in such capacity. 

1.3
 Disinterested Director means a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which
indemnification is sought by Indemnitee. 

1.4
 Expenses means all reasonable attorneys fees, retainers, court costs (including trial and appeals), transcript costs,
fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service
fees, federal, state, local, or foreign taxes imposed as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement,
and all other disbursements or expenses of the types customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute
or defend, appealing, preparing to appeal (including without limitation the premium, security for, and other costs relating to any costs
bond, supersedes bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent), investigating, or being or preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding. 

2 

1.5
 Independent Counsel means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and
neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any other matter material
to either such party, or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel does not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional
conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine
Indemnitee s rights under this Agreement. Except as provided in the first sentence of Section 9.3 hereof, Independent Counsel shall
be selected by (a) the Disinterested Directors or (b) a committee of the Board consisting of two or more Disinterested Directors or if
(a) and (b) above are not possible, then by a majority of the full Board. 

1.6
 Proceeding means any action, suit, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, administrative hearing
or any other proceeding, whether conducted by or on behalf of the Company or any other party, whether civil, criminal, administrative
or investigative, and whether formal or informal, except one initiated by an Indemnitee pursuant to Section 11 of this Agreement to enforce
his rights under this Agreement. 

2. Services by
Indemnitee . 

Indemnitee
agrees to serve as a director, officer or employee of the Company. Indemnitee may at any time and for any reason resign from such position
(subject to any other contractual obligation or any obligation imposed by operation of law). 

3. Indemnification
- General . 

Except
with respect to actions finally adjudicated, by a court of competent jurisdiction and subject to no further appeal, to be a result of
actual fraud or intentional misconduct of the Indemnitee, the Company shall indemnify, and, subject to Section 26 hereof, advance Expenses
to, Indemnitee as provided in this Agreement to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in effect on the date hereof and to such
greater extent as any amendment to or interpretation of applicable law may thereafter from time to time permit. The rights of Indemnitee
provided under the preceding sentence shall include, but shall not be limited to, the rights set forth in the other Sections of this
Agreement. 

4. Proceedings
Other Than Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company . 

Indemnitee
shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this Agreement if, by reason of his Corporate Status, he is, was or is
threatened to be made, a party to any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the
Company. Pursuant to this Agreement, subject to Section 26 hereof, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against Expenses, judgments, penalties,
fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with any such Proceeding
or any claim, issue or matter therein, if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the
best interests of the Company, and, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. 

3 

5. Proceedings
by or in the Right of the Company . 

Indemnitee
shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this Agreement if, by reason of his Corporate Status, he was or is threatened
to be made, a party to any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding brought by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment
in its favor. Pursuant to this Agreement, subject to Section 26 hereof, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against amounts paid in settlement
and Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with the defense or settlement of any such Proceeding
if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, no indemnification under this paragraph shall be made in respect of (1) a threatened or pending Proceeding which is settled
or otherwise disposed of, or (2) any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Company,
by a court of competent jurisdiction and subject to no further appeal, unless and only to the extent that the court in which such Proceeding
shall have been brought, was brought or is pending, shall determine, upon application, that Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled
to indemnity for such portion of the settlement amount and Expenses as the court deems proper. 

6. Indemnification
for Expenses of Party Who is Wholly or Partly Successful . 

Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement except for Section 26 hereof, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his Corporate Status,
a party to and is successful, on the merits, procedurally or otherwise, in any Proceeding, he shall be indemnified against all Expenses
(and, when eligible hereunder, amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection therewith.
If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits, procedurally or otherwise, as to one or more
but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses (and, when
eligible hereunder, amount paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with each successfully
resolved claim, issue or matter. For purposes of this Agreement, the term successful, on the merits or otherwise, includes,
but is not limited to, (i) any termination, withdrawal, or dismissal (with or without prejudice) of any Proceeding against the Indemnitee
without any express finding of liability or guilt against him, including a settlement (with or without court approval), a motion for
summary judgment, or a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, and (ii) the expiration of 90 days after the making of any claim
or threat of a Proceeding without the institution of the same and without any promise or payment made to induce a settlement. 

7. Indemnification
for Expenses as a Witness . 

Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement except for Section 26 hereof, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his Corporate Status,
a witness in any Proceeding, he shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in
connection therewith. 

4 

8. Advancement
of Expenses and Other Amounts . 

Subject
to Section 26 hereof, the Company shall advance all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and, when eligible hereunder, amounts paid
in settlement, incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding within thirty (30) days after the receipt by
the Company of a statement or statements from Indemnitee requesting such advance or advances from time to time, whether prior to or after
final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines
and amounts paid in settlement, incurred by Indemnitee In connection with any request for advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties,
fines and amounts paid in settlement, Indemnitee shall not be required to provide any documentation or information to the extent that
the provision thereof would undermine or otherwise jeopardize attorney-client privilege. The Indemnitee shall qualify for advances upon
the execution and delivery to the Company of this Agreement, which shall constitute an undertaking providing that the Indemnitee undertakes
to the fullest extent permitted by law to repay the advance (without interest) if and to the extent that it is ultimately determined
by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final judgment, not subject to further appeal, that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified
by the Company. No other form of undertaking shall be required other than the execution of this Agreement. The Company s obligation
in respect of the advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement in connection with a criminal Proceeding
in which Indemnitee is a defendant shall terminate at such time as Indemnitee pleads guilty or is convicted after trial and such conviction
becomes final and no longer subject to appeal. Advances shall be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to
Indemnitee s ability to repay such amounts and without regard to Indemnitee s ultimate entitlement to indemnification under
the other provisions of this Agreement. Without limiting the generality or effect of the foregoing, within thirty days after any request
by Indemnitee, the Company shall, in accordance with such request (but without duplication), (a) pay such Expenses on behalf of Indemnitee,
(b) advance to Indemnitee funds in an amount sufficient to pay such Expenses, or (c) reimburse Indemnitee for such Expenses. The Company
shall not seek from a court, or agree to, a bar order which would have the effect of prohibiting or limiting the Indemnitee s
rights to receive advancement of expenses under this Agreement. 

9. Procedure for
Determination of Entitlement to Indemnification . 

9.1
To obtain indemnification under this Agreement in connection with any Proceeding, and for the duration thereof, Indemnitee shall submit
to the Company a written request, including therein or therewith such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee
and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. The Secretary of the Company
shall, promptly upon receipt of any such request for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification. 

5 

9.2
Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to Section 9.1 hereof, a determination, if required by applicable law,
with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement thereto shall be made in such case: (i) if a Change in Control shall have occurred, by
Independent Counsel (unless Indemnitee shall request that such determination be made by the Board or the stockholders, in which case
in the manner provided for in clauses (ii) or (iii) of this Section 9.2) in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be
delivered to Indemnitee; (ii) if a Change of Control shall not have occurred, at the election of the Company, (A) by the Board by a majority
vote of a quorum consisting of Disinterested Directors, or (B) if a quorum of the Board consisting of Disinterested Directors is not
obtainable, by a majority of a committee of the Board consisting of two or more Disinterested Directors, or (C) by Independent Counsel
in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee, or (D) by the stockholders of the Company, by a
majority vote of a quorum consisting of stockholders who are not parties to the proceeding, or if no such quorum is obtainable, by a
majority vote of stockholders who are not parties to such proceeding; or (iii) as provided in Section 10.2 of this Agreement. If it is
so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination.
Indemnitee shall cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement
to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information
which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary
to such determination. Any costs or expenses (including attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating
with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitee s
entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. 

9.3
If a Change of Control shall have occurred, Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that
such selection be made by the Board), and Indemnitee (or the Board, as the case may be) shall give written notice to the other party
advising it of the identity of Independent Counsel so selected. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may,
within seven days after such written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case
may be, a written objection to such selection. Such objection may be asserted only on the ground that Independent Counsel so selected
does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 1 of this Agreement, and the objection shall
set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. If such written objection is made, Independent Counsel so selected
may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within 20 days
after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 9.1 hereof, no Independent Counsel shall
have been selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition a court of competent jurisdiction, for resolution
of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the other s selection of Independent Counsel and/or
for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by such court or by such other person as such court shall designate,
and the person with respect to whom an objection is so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section
9.2 hereof. The Company shall pay any and all reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by such Independent Counsel
in connection with its actions pursuant to this Agreement, and the Company shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses incident to the
procedures of this Section 9.3, regardless of the manner in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed. Upon the due commencement
date of any judicial proceeding pursuant to Section 11.1(iii) of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved
of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing). 

6 

10. Presumptions
and Effects of Certain Proceedings . 

10.1
In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person or persons or entity making such determination
shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification
in accordance with Section 9.1 of this Agreement, and the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption by clear
and convincing evidence in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption. 

10.2
If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 9 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled
to indemnification shall not have made a determination within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the
requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification shall be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such
indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitee s
statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) prohibition of such indemnification
under applicable law, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final judgment, not subject to further appeal; provided,
however, that such 60-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional thirty (30) days, if the person,
persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith require(s) such additional time
for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto; and provided, further, however, that the foregoing
provisions of this Section 10.2 shall not apply (i) if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the stockholders
pursuant to Section 9.2 of this Agreement and if (A) within 15 days after receipt by the Company of the request for such determination
the Board has resolved to submit such determination to the stockholders for their consideration at an annual meeting thereof to be held
within 75 days after such receipt and such determination is made thereat, or (B) a special meeting of stockholders is called within 15
days after such receipt for the purpose of making such determination, such meeting is held for such purpose within 60 days after having
been so called and such determination is made thereat, or (ii) if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by
Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 9.2 of this Agreement. In connection with each meeting at which a stockholder determination will
be made, the Company shall solicit proxies that expressly include a proposal to indemnify or reimburse the Indemnitee. The Company shall
afford the Indemnitee ample opportunity to present evidence of the facts upon which the Indemnitee relies for indemnification in any
Company proxy statement relating to such stockholder determination. Subject to the fiduciary duties of its members under applicable law,
the Board will not recommend against indemnification or reimbursement in any proxy statement relating to the proposal to indemnify or
reimburse the Indemnitee. 

7 

10.3
The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea
of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect
the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee
had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. 

10.4
 Reliance as Safe Harbor . 

For
purposes of this Agreement, the Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in
or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, to have had no reasonable cause to
believe his conduct was unlawful, if his action is based on (i) the records or books of account of the Company, or another enterprise,
including financial statements, (ii) information supplied to him by the officers of the Company or another enterprise in the course of
their duties, (iii) the advice of legal counsel for the Company or another enterprise, or of an independent certified public accountant
or an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Company or another enterprise. The term another enterprise 
as used in this Section shall mean any other corporation or any partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise
of which the Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, partner, trustee, employee or agent.
The provisions of this Section shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which the Indemnitee
may be deemed to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth herein. Whether or not the foregoing provisions of this Section
10.4 are satisfied, it shall in any event be presumed that Indemnitee has at all times acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably
believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, to have had no reasonable
cause to believe Indemnitee s conduct was unlawful. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof
and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. 

8 

11. Remedies of
Indemnitee . 

11.1
In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification
under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, (iii) the determination
of indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 9.2 of this Agreement and such determination shall not have
been made and delivered in a written opinion within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification,
(iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company
of a written request therefor, or (v) payment of indemnification is not made within thirty (30) days after a determination has been made
that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification or such determination is deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 9 or 10 of this
Agreement, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication in an appropriate court of the State of Delaware, or in any other court of
competent jurisdiction, of his entitlement to such indemnification or advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines or, when eligible
hereunder, amounts paid in settlement. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitee s right to seek any such adjudication. 

11.2
In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification,
any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial on the merits and Indemnitee
shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination. 

11.3
If a determination shall have been made or deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 9 or 10 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is
entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section,
absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitee s statement
not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) prohibition of such indemnification under applicable
law. 

11.4
The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section that the procedures and presumptions
of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court that the Company is bound by all the provisions
of this Agreement. 

11.5
In the event that Indemnitee, pursuant to this Section, seeks a judicial adjudication of his rights under, or to recover damages for
breach of, this Agreement or any other agreement, including any other indemnification, contribution or advancement agreement, or any
provision of the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Company now or hereafter in effect, or for recovery under directors 
and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, Indemnitee shall be entitled to recover from the Company,
and shall be indemnified by the Company against, any and all expenses (of the kinds described in the definition of Expenses) actually
and reasonably incurred by him in such judicial adjudication, but only if he prevails therein. If it shall be determined in such judicial
adjudication that Indemnitee is entitled to receive less than all of the indemnification or advancement of expenses sought, the expenses
incurred by Indemnitee in connection with such judicial adjudication shall be appropriately prorated. In addition, the Company shall,
if so requested by Indemnitee, advance the foregoing expenses to Indemnitee, subject to and in accordance with Section 8. 

9 

12. Procedure Regarding
Indemnification . 

With
respect to any Proceedings, the Indemnitee, prior to taking any action with respect to such Proceeding, shall consult with the Company
as to the procedure to be followed in defending, settling, or compromising the Proceeding and may not consent to any settlement or compromise
of the Proceeding without the written consent of the Company (which consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). The Company
shall be entitled to participate in defending, settling or compromising any Proceeding and to assume the defense of such Proceeding with
counsel of its choice and shall assume such defense if requested by the Indemnitee. Notwithstanding the election by, or obligation of,
the Company to assume the defense of a Proceeding, the Indemnitee shall have the right to participate in the defense of such Proceeding
and to employ counsel of Indemnitee s choice, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnitee
unless (i) the employment of such counsel has been authorized in writing by the Company, (ii) Indemnitee shall have reasonably determined
that there is a conflict of interest between the Company and Indemnitee in the conduct of the defense of the Proceeding, (iii) the Indemnitee
has reasonably concluded that there may be defenses available to him which are different from or additional to those available to the
Company (in which latter case the Company shall not have the right to direct the defense of such Proceeding on behalf of the Indemnitee),
(iv) after a Change in Control, the employment of counsel by Indemnitee has been approved by the Independent Counsel, (v) the Company
shall not in fact have employed counsel to assume the defense of such Proceeding, or (vi) the fees and expenses are non-duplicative and
reasonably incurred in connection with Indemnitee s role in the Proceedings, despite the Company s assumption of the defense,
in each of which cases all Expenses of the Proceeding shall be borne by the Company. The Company shall not be entitled to assume the
defense of any Proceeding brought by or on behalf of the Company, or as to which Indemnitee shall have made the determination provided
for in (ii) above or under the circumstances provided for in (iii) and (iv) above. Indemnitee agrees that any such separate counsel retained
by Indemnitee will be not more than one additional firm of attorneys, and such firm shall be a member of any approved list of panel counsel
under the Company s applicable directors and officers liability insurance policy, should the applicable policy provide
for a panel of approved counsel and should such approved panel list comprise law firms with well-established reputations in the type
of litigation at issue. (For clarity, the fact of a firm s being part of a panel shall not be evidence of a firm s having
a well-established national reputation for the type of litigation at issue.) If the Company assumes the defense of a Proceeding, then
counsel for the Company and Indemnitee shall keep Indemnitee reasonably informed of the status of the Proceeding and promptly send to
Indemnitee copies of all documents filed or produced in the Proceeding, and the Company shall not compromise or settle any such Proceeding
without the written consent of the Indemnitee (which consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) if the relief provided shall
be other than monetary damages and shall promptly notify the Indemnitee of any settlement and the amount thereof. 

13. Non-Exclusivity;
Survival of Rights; Insurance; Subrogation; Contribution . 

13.1
The rights of indemnification and to receive advancement of Expenses as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any
other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the
Company, any agreement, a vote of stockholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this
Agreement or any provision hereof shall be effective as to any Indemnitee with respect to any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee
in his Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. 

13.2
For the duration of Indemnitee s service as a director and/or officer of the Company, and thereafter for so long as Indemnitee
shall be subject to any Proceeding, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts (taking into account the scope and amount of
coverage available relative to the cost thereof) to cause to be maintained in effect policies of directors and officers 
liability insurance providing coverage for directors and/or officers of the Company that comparable to what similarly situated company s
would maintain. In all policies of directors and officers liability insurance obtained by the Company, Indemnitee shall
be an insured in such a manner as to provide Indemnitee the same rights and benefits, subject to the same limitations, as are accorded
to the Company s directors and officers most favorably insured by such policy. Company shall promptly notify Indemnitee of any
good faith determination not to provide such coverage or of any lapse or termination in any such policy. In the event of a Change in
Control or the Company s becoming insolvent, the Company shall maintain in force any and all directors and officers 
liability insurance in respect of the individual directors and officers of the Company, for a fixed period of six years thereafter (a
 Tail Policy ). Such coverage shall be non-cancellable and shall be placed and serviced for the duration of its term by the
Company s incumbent insurance broker. Such broker shall place the Tail policy with the incumbent insurance carriers using the policies
that were in place at the time of the change of control event (unless the incumbent carriers will not offer such policies, in which case
the Tail Policy placed by the Company s insurance broker shall be substantially comparable in scope and amount as the expiring
policies, and the insurance carriers for the Tail Policy shall have an AM Best rating that is the same or better than the AM Best ratings
of the expiring policies. 

13.3
In the event of any payment under this Agreement, subject to Section 13.4, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment
to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights,
including execution of such documents as are reasonably necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights. 

10 

13.4
The Company hereby acknowledges that Indemnitee may have rights to indemnification for Losses provided by any parent of the Company Other
Indemnitor ). The Company agrees with Indemnitee that the Company is the indemnitor of first resort of Indemnitee with respect
to matters for which indemnification is provided under this Agreement and that the Company will be obligated to make all payments due
to or for the benefit of Indemnitee under this Agreement without regard to any rights that Indemnitee may have against the Other Indemnitor.
The Company hereby waives any equitable rights to contribution or indemnification from the Other Indemnitor in respect of any amounts
paid to Indemnitee hereunder. The Company further agrees that no payment by the Other Indemnitor to or for the benefit of Indemnitee
with respect to matters for which indemnification or advancement of expenses is provided under this Agreement shall affect the obligations
of the Company hereunder, and that the Company shall be obligated to repay the Other Indemnitor for all amounts so paid or reimbursed
to the extent that the Company has an obligation to indemnify or advance expenses to Indemnitee hereunder. Subject to the foregoing,
the Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment of amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder if and to the extent
that Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise; provided,
however, that payment made to Indemnitee pursuant to an insurance policy purchased and maintained by Indemnitee at his or her own expense
of any amounts otherwise indemnifiable or obligated to be made pursuant to this Agreement shall not reduce the Company s obligations
to Indemnitee pursuant to this Agreement. 

13.5
If a determination is made that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, after Indemnitee submits a written request therefor, under
this Agreement, then in respect of any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liability with the
Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), the Company shall contribute to the amount of Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts
paid in settlement by the Indemnitee in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company
on the one hand and the Indemnitee on the other hand from the transaction from which Proceeding arose, and (ii) the relative fault of
the Company on the one hand and of the Indemnitee on the other hand in connection with the events that resulted in such Expenses, judgments,
fines or amounts paid in settlement, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company on the
one hand and of the Indemnitee on the other hand shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the parties relative
intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent the circumstances resulting in such Expenses, judgments,
fines or amounts paid in settlement. The Company agrees that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section
were determined by pro rata allocation or any other method of allocation that does not take into account the foregoing equitable considerations.
The determination as to the amount of the contribution, if any, shall be made by: (i) a court of competent jurisdiction upon the application
of both the Indemnitee and the Company (if the Proceeding had been brought in, and final determination had been rendered by such court);
(ii) the Board by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of Disinterested Directors; or (iii) Independent Counsel, if a quorum is not
obtainable for purpose of (ii) above, or, even if obtainable, a quorum of Disinterested Directors so directs. 

11 

14. Duration of
Agreement . 

This
Agreement shall continue so long as Indemnitee may be subject to any possible Proceeding in respect of which Indemnitee is granted rights
of indemnification or advancement of Expenses hereunder, and until one (1) year after the final termination of any such Proceeding then
pending (including any rights of appeal thereto) and of any proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 11 of this Agreement
relating thereto (including any rights of appeal thereto). This Agreement shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns
and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and his spouse, heirs, executors, personal representatives and administrators. The Company
shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise) to all, substantially
all, or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to
Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would
be required to perform to the fullest extent permitted by law. 

15. Severability . 

If
any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the
validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any
Section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal
or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby; and (b) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this
Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent
manifested by the provision held invalid, illegal or unenforceable. 

16. Entire Agreement . 

This
Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Company and the Indemnitee with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes
all prior agreements, understanding, negotiations and discussion, both written and oral, between the parties hereto with respect to such
subject matter (the Prior Agreements ); provided, however, that if this Agreement shall ever be held void or unenforceable
for any reasons whatsoever, and is not reformed pursuant to Section 15 hereof, then (i) this Agreement shall not be deemed to have superseded
any Prior Agreements; (ii) all of such Prior Agreements shall be deemed to be in full force and effect notwithstanding the execution
of this Agreement; and (iii) the Indemnitee shall be entitled to maximum indemnification benefits provided under any Prior Agreements,
as well as those provided under applicable law, the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Company, a vote of stockholders or
resolution of directors. 

17. Exception to
Right of Indemnification or Advancement of Expenses . 

17.1
Except as provided in Section 11.5, Indemnitee shall not be entitled to indemnification or advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties,
fines and amounts paid in settlement under this Agreement with respect to any Proceeding, or any claim therein, brought or made by him
against the Company. 

12 

17.2
Indemnitee shall not be entitled to indemnification under this Agreement with respect to any Proceeding, or any claim therein, arising
from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or Company similar successor
statute. 

18. Covenant Not
to Sue; Limitation of Actions; Release of Claims . 

No
legal action shall be brought and no cause of action shall be asserted by or on behalf of the Company (or any of its subsidiaries) against
the Indemnitee, his spouse, heirs, executors, personal representatives or administrators after the expiration of two (2) years from the
date of accrual of such cause of action and any claim or cause of action of the Company (or any of its subsidiaries) shall be extinguished
and deemed released unless asserted by the filing of a legal action within such two (2) year period; provided, however, that if any shorter
period of limitation is otherwise applicable to any such cause of action, such shorter period shall govern. 

19. Identical Counterparts . 

This
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which
together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. 

20. Headings . 

The
headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement
or to affect the construction thereof. 

21. Modification
and Waiver . 

No
supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both of the parties hereto. No
waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether
or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver. 

22. Notice by Indemnitee . 

Indemnitee
agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information
or other document relating any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification or advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties,
fines or amounts paid in settlement covered hereunder. The failure to notify the Company on a timely basis shall not constitute a waiver
of Indemnitee s rights under this Agreement, except to the extent that such failure or delay (i) causes the amounts paid or to
be paid by the Company to be greater than they otherwise would have been, (ii) adversely affects the Company s ability to obtain
for itself or Indemnitee coverage or proceeds under any insurance policy available to the Company or Indemnitee, or (iii) otherwise results
in prejudice to the Company. 

13 

23. Notices . 

All
notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if (i)
delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom such notice or other communication shall have been directed, or (ii) mailed
by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third business day after the date on which it is so mailed: 

If
to Indemnitee, to the address set forth in the signature page hereto 

If
to the Company, to: 

PAVmed
Inc. 

 360
Madison Avenue, 25th Floor 

 New
York, New York 10017 

 Attention:
Chief Executive Officer 

or
to such other address or such other person as Indemnitee or the Company shall designate in writing in accordance with this Section, except
that notices regarding changes in notices shall be effective only upon receipt. 

24. Governing Law . 

This
Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of
the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. The Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally
(i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Chancery Court
of the State of Delaware (the Delaware Court ), and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America
or any court in any other country, (ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action
or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, (iii) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action
or proceeding in the Delaware Court, and (iv) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding
brought in the Delaware Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum. 

14 

25. Monetary Damages
Insufficient; Specific Performance . 

The
Company and Indemnitee agree that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof,
and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may enforce
this Agreement by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable
harm (having agreed that actual and irreparable harm will result in not forcing the Company to specifically perform its obligations pursuant
to this Agreement) and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking
or obtaining any other relief to which he may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall be entitled
to such specific performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions,
without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of
a waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by the Court, and the Company hereby waives any such requirement of a bond
or undertaking. If Indemnitee seeks mandatory injunctive relief, it shall not be a defense to enforcement of the Company s obligations
set forth in this Agreement that Indemnitee has an adequate remedy at law for damages. 

26. Notice by Company . 

If
the Indemnitee is the subject of, or is, to the knowledge of the Company, implicated in any way during an investigation, whether formal
or informal, that is related to Indemnitee s Corporate Status and that reasonably could lead to a Proceeding for which indemnification
can be provided under this Agreement, the Company shall notify the Indemnitee of such investigation and shall share (to the extent legally
permissible) with Indemnitee any information it has provided to any third parties concerning the investigation Shared Information ).
By executing this Agreement, Indemnitee agrees that such Shared Information is material non-public information that Indemnitee is obligated
to hold in confidence and may not disclose publicly; provided, however, that Indemnitee may use the Shared Information and disclose such
Shared Information to Indemnitee s legal counsel and third parties, in each case solely in connection with defending Indemnitee
from legal liability. 

27. Miscellaneous . 

Use
of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. 

[ Signature
Page Follows ] 

15 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the day and year first above written. 

PAVMED
 INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

INDEMNITEE 

Name: 

Address:

[ Signature
Page to Indemnification Agreement ] 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.14>
 6
 ex10-14_2.htm

Exhibit
10.14.2 

TERMINATION
AGREEMENT 

This
Termination Agreement (this Termination Agreement is entered as of February 10, 2023 (the Effective
Date ), by and among ResearchDx, Inc., a California corporation ResearchDx ), Lucid Diagnostics
Inc., a Delaware corporation Lucid Diagnostics ), and LucidDx Labs Inc., a Delaware corporation LucidDx
Labs ). Each of ResearchDx, Lucid Diagnostics and LucidDx Labs is referred to herein as a Party 
and, collectively, as the Parties . 

WHEREAS,
ResearchDx, Lucid Diagnostics and LucidDx Labs are parties to that certain Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 25, 2022 (as
amended from time to time, the Asset Purchase Agreement ), pursuant to which LucidDx Labs purchased from ResearchDx
certain assets in respect of that certain CLIA-certified, high-complexity clinical laboratory located at 14 Orchard Road, Lake Forest,
CA 92630 (the Laboratory ), where the EsoGuard assay was then conducted for the benefit of LucidDx Labs 
parent company, Lucid Diagnostics. 

WHEREAS,
in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, ResearchDx and LucidDx Labs entered into
that certain License Agreement, dated as of February 25, 2022 (as amended from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Management
Services Agreement capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings assigned thereto in the Management
Services Agreement), pursuant to which LucidDx Labs engaged ReseachDx to provided certain services related to the operation of the Laboratory
following consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Asset Purchase Agreement; 

WHEREAS,
the Parties have mutually agreed to the termination of the Management Services Agreement without cause (as that phrase is defined in
the Management Services Agreement) on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and releases set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties each intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 

1.
 Termination of Management Services Agreement . The Parties hereby agree that the Management Services Agreement is hereby
terminated without cause (as that phrase is defined in the Management Services Agreement), effective as of the Effective Date, and of
no further force and effect. Except as expressly provided herein, none of the Parties shall have any further rights or obligations under
or otherwise in respect of the Management Services Agreement, notwithstanding anything in the Management Services Agreement to the contrary
(except that the recordkeeping provisions in Article I, Section 1(c)(1) of the Management Services Agreement, and the confidentiality
provisions in Article X, Section 1(c)(1) of the Management Services Agreement shall continue in full force and effect). 

2.
 Earnout Payment and Minimum Quarterly Payments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Asset Purchase Agreement
or the Management Services Agreement, the Parties hereby further agree that, from and after the Effective Date: 

(a)
the aggregate amount of earned but unpaid Earnout Payments (as defined in the Asset Purchase Agreement) shall be 725,000; and 

(b)
ResearchDx shall have no further right to receive, and neither LucidDx Labs nor Lucid Diagnostics shall have any further obligation to
pay to ResearchDx or any of its affiliates, any Minimum Quarterly Payment or portion thereof pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement
or the Management Services Agreement. 

ResearchDx
hereby directs Lucid Diagnostics to issue to Endeavour Investments, LLC 553,436 shares of Lucid Diagnostics common stock, in full
satisfaction of LucidDx Labs and Lucid Diagnostics obligations with respect to Earnout Payments. Lucid Diagnostics hereby
agrees to make such issuance within fifteen (15) days of the Effective Date. 

3.
 Mutual Releases . 

(a)
Each of Lucid Diagnostics and LucidDx Labs, on behalf of itself, their respective affiliates, and its and their respective affiliates 
officers, directors, successors or assigns, licensees, agents, employees and all those acting under their direction or pursuant to their
control (collectively, the Lucid Release Parties ), releases and discharges ResearchDx, its affiliates and
its and its affiliates officers, directors, successors or assigns, licensees, agents, employees and all those acting under their
direction or pursuant to their control (the ResearchDx Release Parties ), from any and all actions, causes
of action, rights of action, damages, suits, notes, debts, costs, sums of money, obligations, accounts, liabilities, covenants, contracts,
controversies, agreements, promises, losses, damages, judgments, claims, and demands whatsoever (collectively, Claims ),
whether known or unknown, liquidated or contingent, foreseeable or unforeseeable, and whether or not alleged or made in law or equity,
that any of the Lucid Release Parties has, owns or holds, or might have had, owned or held, whether individually, representatively, derivatively
or in any other capacity, from the beginning of the world to the Effective Date, arising from or otherwise related to the Management
Services Agreement or the termination thereof. 

(b)
ResearchDx, on behalf of itself and each of the other ResearchDx Release Parties, releases and discharges each of the Lucid Release Parties
from any and all Claims, whether known or unknown, liquidated or contingent, foreseeable or unforeseeable, and whether or not alleged
or made in law or equity, that any of the ResearchDx Release Parties has, owns or holds, or might have had, owned or held, whether individually,
representatively, derivatively or in any other capacity, from the beginning of the world to the Effective Date, arising from or otherwise
related to the Management Services Agreement or the termination thereof. 

(c)
The foregoing mutual releases shall not release any Claims (i) to enforce this Agreement or (ii) that may arise from or otherwise be
related to the Asset Purchase Agreement Lease Agreement; provided that it is agreed and understood that the foregoing mutual releases
shall release any Claims in respect of the Asset Purchase Agreement related to Earnout Payments or Minimum Quarterly Payments. 

4.
 No Admission of Liability; No Precedent Regarding Future Disputes . The Parties agree that this Termination Agreement does
not constitute an admission of liability by any Party, it does not constitute any factual or legal precedent or finding whatsoever with
respect to any future disputes, and it may not be used as evidence in any subsequent proceeding of any kind, except in an action alleging
breach of this Termination Agreement. 

2 

5.
 Confidentiality . Except as expressly permitted in this Section 5 , none of the Parties shall, and they shall not
permit any of their respective affiliates or their and their respective affiliates officers, directors, employees, agents and
attorneys (collectively, Representatives to, make any press releases or other public or private communications
about this Termination Agreement. The only such use, disclosures and communications permitted are as follows: 

(a)
The Parties are permitted to disclose that the Parties have mutually agreed to terminate the Management Services Agreement without
cause (and not for any other reason); 

(b)
The Parties are permitted to disclose the terms of the this Termination Agreement to their respective officers, directors, attorneys,
, and accountants or other financial advisors, and to their respective parent companies only to the extent necessary for the conduct
of the parties respective financial affairs; provided that all such persons are informed of the confidential nature of
the Termination Agreement and agree to keep such information confidential; 

(c)
The Parties, and their successors and assigns, are permitted to disclose the terms of this Termination Agreement pursuant to a subpoena
issued by a court of competent jurisdiction or a legislative body, provided that the disclosing party shall immediately inform the non-disclosing
parties upon receipt of the subpoena, by means of written notice, and that the disclosing party shall apprise the third party seeking
disclosure of the confidential nature of the information and shall use its good faith efforts to secure and assure the confidentiality
and non-disclosure of the information to and/or by the third party; 

(d)
The Parties are permitted to disclose the terms of this Termination Agreement to the extent necessary to enforce its rights hereunder,
but only in a confidential mediation or arbitration; and 

(e)
Lucid Diagnostics and its parent company, PAVmed Inc., a Delaware corporation, are permitted to disclose the fact of and terms of this
Termination Agreement to the extent necessary to comply with any securities laws or regulations applicable to either of them as a publicly-traded
company. Any such disclosure must say the Parties have mutually agreed to terminate the Management Services Agreement without
cause. 

The
Parties agree that any breach of the non-use, non-disclosure and other confidentiality obligations set forth herein shall result in immediate
and irreparable harm and each Party acknowledges that there may be no adequate remedy at law for such breach or disclosure and that in
the event thereof the non-breaching party shall be entitled to equitable relief in the nature of injunction and to all other available
relief at law or in equity. 

6.
 Non-Solicitation . Each of Lucid Diagnostics and LucidDx Labs agrees that from the Effective Date through the one-year anniversary
thereof (the Restricted Period ), each of them will not directly or indirectly, for its own account or for
the account of others, hire, urge, induce, entice, or in any manner whatsoever solicit any ResearchDx employee to leave the employment
of ResearchDx or any of its affiliates. ResearchDx agrees that during the Restricted Period, it will not directly or indirectly, for
its own account or for the account of others, hire, urge, induce, entice, or in any manner whatsoever solicit any Lucid Diagnostics or
LucidDx Labs employee to leave the employment of Lucid Diagnostics, LucidDx Labs or any of their respective affiliates. 

3 

7.
 Non-Disparagement . Each of Lucid Diagnostics and LucidDx shall not, and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to
cause its directors, managers, officers, employees and affiliates not to, disparage or make any false or inaccurate statements (whether
in oral, written, electronic or other form) regarding ResearchDx or any of its affiliates. ResearchDx shall not, and shall use its commercially
reasonable efforts to cause its directors, managers, officers, employees and affiliates not to, disparage or make any false or inaccurate
statements (whether in oral, written, electronic or other form) regarding Lucid Diagnostics, LucidDx Labs or any of their respective
affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 7 shall prohibit the making of truthful statements in the course of
sworn testimony in any legal proceedings (including, without limitation, depositions in connection with such proceedings) or otherwise
as required by law. 

8.
 Representations . Each of the Parties represents and warrants to the other Party that: 

(a)
it has entered into this Termination Agreement and executed this Termination Agreement voluntarily and willingly; 

(b)
it has relied upon the legal advice of its attorneys, who are the attorneys of its own choice and that the terms of this Termination
Agreement have been completely read and explained to it by its attorneys, and that those terms are fully understood and voluntarily accepted
by it; and 

(c)
it is the sole and exclusive owner of the claims it is releasing hereby, it has the sole and exclusive right and is duly authorized to
settle and release the other Party from such claims, and it has not assigned or otherwise transferred to any other party any such claims
being settled and/or released pursuant to this Termination Agreement. 

9.
 Governing Law . This Termination Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without reference to
conflict of law principles, and any dispute arising under this Termination Agreement shall be adjudicated in accordance with the dispute
resolution provisions set forth in the Management Services Agreement. The Parties acknowledge and waive any challenge to the exercise
of jurisdiction over them by such an arbitration tribunal in connection with any dispute arising from or related to this Termination
Agreement. 

10.
 Amendments . This Termination Agreement may not be modified except in writing signed by all Parties hereto. 

11.
 Further Assurance . The Parties hereto agree to execute such other writings, documents and instruments as may be necessary
or desirable to effectuate the purposes of this Termination Agreement but in the event of any difference between this Termination Agreement
and such other writings, the provisions herein shall control. 

12.
 Counterparts . This Termination Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each one of which may be deemed the original. 

[ signature
page follows ] 

4 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Termination Agreement to be duly executed in duplicate counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed to constitute an original, effective as of the date first above written. 

LUCID
 DIAGNOSTICS INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 Lishan
 Aklog, M.D. 

Title: 
 Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 

LUCIDDX
 LABS INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 Lishan
 Aklog, M.D. 

Title: 
 Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 

RESEARCHDX,
 INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

5 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-14.1>
 7
 ex14-1.htm

Exhibit
14.1 

PAVMED
INC. 

CODE
OF ETHICS 

1.
Introduction 

The
Board of Directors of PAVmed Inc. has adopted this code of ethics (the Code ), which is applicable to all directors, officers
and employees, to: 

promote honest and ethical
 conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships;

promote the full, fair,
 accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that the Company files with, or submits to, the Securities
 and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), as well as in other public communications made by or on behalf of the Company; 

promote compliance with
 applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations; 

deter wrongdoing; and 

require prompt internal
 reporting of breaches of, and accountability for adherence to, this Code. 

This
Code may be amended only by resolution of the Company s Board of Directors. In this Code, references to the Company 
mean PAVmed Inc. (the Parent and, in appropriate context, the Parent s subsidiaries. 

2.
Honest, Ethical and Fair Conduct 

Each
person owes a duty to the Company to act with integrity. Integrity requires, among other things, being honest, fair and candid. Deceit,
dishonesty and subordination of principle are inconsistent with integrity. Service to the Company never should be subordinated to personal
gain and advantage. 

Each
person must: 

Act with integrity, including
 being honest and candid while still maintaining the confidentiality of the Company s information where required or in the Company s
 interests. 

Observe all applicable
 governmental laws, rules and regulations. 

Comply with the requirements
 of applicable accounting and auditing standards, as well as Company policies, in order to maintain a high standard of accuracy and
 completeness in the Company s financial records and other business-related information and data. 

Adhere to a high standard
 of business ethics and not seek competitive advantage through unlawful or unethical business practices. 

Deal fairly with the Company s
 customers, suppliers, competitors and employees. 

Refrain from taking advantage
 of anyone through manipulation, concealment, abuse of privileged information, misrepresentation of material facts or any other unfair-dealing
 practice. 

Protect the assets of the
 Company and ensure their proper use. 

Refrain from taking for
 themselves personally opportunities that are discovered through the use of corporate assets or using corporate assets, information
 or position for general personal gain outside the scope of employment with the Company. 

Avoid conflicts of interest,
 wherever possible, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by the Board of Directors (or the appropriate committee of the
 Board). Anything that would be a conflict for a person subject to this Code also will be a conflict if it is related to a member
 of his or her family or a close relative. Examples of conflict of interest situations include, but are not limited to, the following:

any significant ownership
 interest in any supplier or customer; 

any consulting or employment
 relationship with any customer, supplier or competitor; 

any outside activity which
 results in the individual having other duties, responsibilities or obligations that run counter to his or her duty to the Company; 

the receipt of any money,
 non-nominal gifts or excessive entertainment from any company with which the Company has current or prospective business dealings;

being in the position of
 supervising, reviewing or having any influence on the job evaluation, pay or benefit of any close relative; 

selling anything to the
 Company or buying anything from the Company, except on the same terms and conditions as comparable officers or directors are permitted
 to so purchase or sell; and 

any other circumstance,
 event, relationship or situation in which the personal interest of a person subject to this Code interferes or even appears
 to interfere with the interests of the Company as a whole. 

3.
Disclosure 

The
Company strives to ensure that the contents of and the disclosures in the reports and documents that the Company files with the SEC and
other public communications shall be full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable in accordance with applicable disclosure standards,
including standards of materiality, where appropriate. Each person must: 

not knowingly misrepresent,
 or cause others to misrepresent, facts about the Company to others, whether within or outside the Company, including to the Company s
 independent auditors, governmental regulators, self-regulating organizations and other governmental officials, as appropriate; and 

in relation to his or her
 area of responsibility, properly review and critically analyze proposed disclosure for accuracy and completeness. 

In
addition to the foregoing, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Parent and each subsidiary of Parent (or persons
performing similar functions), and each other person that typically is involved in the financial reporting of the Company must familiarize
himself or herself with the disclosure requirements applicable to the Company as well as the business and financial operations of the
Company. 

Each
person must promptly bring to the attention of the Chairman of the Audit Committee of Parent s Board of Directors (or the Chairman
of the Parent s Board of Directors if no Audit Committee exists) any information he or she may have concerning (a) significant
deficiencies in the design or operation of internal and/or disclosure controls which could adversely affect the Company s ability
to record, process, summarize and report financial data or (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the Company s financial reporting, disclosures or internal controls. 

4.
Compliance 

It
is the Company s obligation and policy to comply with all applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations. It is the personal
responsibility of each person to, and each person must, adhere to the standards and restrictions imposed by those laws, rules and regulations,
including those relating to accounting and auditing matters. 

5.
Reporting and Accountability 

The
Board of Directors or Audit Committee, if one exists, of the Parent is responsible for applying this Code to specific situations in which
questions are presented to it and has the authority to interpret this Code in any particular situation. Any person who becomes aware
of any existing or potential breach of this Code is required to notify the Chairman of the Board of Directors or Audit Committee promptly.
Failure to do so is itself a breach of this Code. 

Specifically,
each person must: 

Notify the Chairman promptly
 of any existing or potential violation of this Code. 

Not retaliate against any
 other person for reports of potential violations that are made in good faith. 

The
Company will follow the following procedures in investigating and enforcing this Code and in reporting on the Code: 

The Board of Directors
 or Audit Committee, if one exists, will take all appropriate action to investigate any breaches reported to it. 

If the Audit Committee,
 if one exists, determines (by majority decision) that a breach has occurred, it will inform the Board of Directors. 

Upon being notified that
 a breach has occurred, the Board (by majority decision) will take or authorize such disciplinary or preventive action as it deems
 appropriate, after consultation with the Audit Committee (if one exists) and/or General Counsel, up to and including dismissal or,
 in the event of criminal or other serious violations of law, notification of the SEC or other appropriate law enforcement authorities.

No
person following the above procedure shall, as a result of following such procedure, be subject by the Company or any officer or employee
thereof to discharge, demotion suspension, threat, harassment or, in any manner, discrimination against such person in terms and conditions
of employment. 

6.
Waivers and Amendments 

Any
waiver (defined below) or an implicit waiver (defined below) from a provision of this Code for the principal
executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and persons performing similar functions
 or any amendment (as defined below) to this Code is required to be disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K
or in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC. 

A
 waiver means the approval by the Company s Board of Directors of a material departure from a provision of the Code.
An implicit waiver means the Company s failure to take action within a reasonable period of time regarding a material
departure from a provision of the Code that has been made known to an executive officer of the Company. An amendment means
any amendment to this Code other than minor technical, administrative or other non-substantive amendments hereto. 

All
persons should note that it is not the Company s intention to grant or to permit waivers from the requirements of this Code.
The Company expects full compliance with this Code. 

7.
Other Policies and Procedures 

Any
other policy or procedure set out by the Company in writing or made generally known to employees, officers or directors of the Company
prior to the date hereof or hereafter are separate requirements and remain in full force and effect. 

8.
Inquiries 

All
inquiries and questions in relation to this Code or its applicability to particular people or situations should be addressed to the Parent s
Secretary. 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-21.1>
 8
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit 21.1 

List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

 (PAVmed Inc. DE - 47-1214177) 

Subsidiary Legal Entity Name 
 
 State of Incorporation 
 
 Lucid Diagnostics Inc. (82-5488042) 
 
 Delaware 
 
 - Majority-Owned Subsidiary of PAVmed Inc. 
 
 (Incorporated May 8, 2018) 

LucidDx Labs Inc. (87-41661458) 
 
 Delaware 
 
 - Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 
 
 (Incorporated November 10, 2021) 

Veris Health Inc. (87-0983820) 
 
 Delaware 
 
 - Majority-Owned Subsidiary of PAVmed Inc. 
 
 (Incorporated April 7, 2021) 

Oncodisc Inc (82-4885133) 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Veris Health Inc. 
 
 (Incorporated February 22, 2018) 

PAVmed Subsidiary Corp Inc. (81-1637646) 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Wholly-owned Subsidiary of PAVmed Inc. 
 
 (Incorporated January 23, 2015) 

CapNostics LLC (84-4876240) 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 Wholly-owned Subsidiary of Lucid Diagnostics Inc. 
 
 (Established January 20, 2020) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 9
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit 23.1 

Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s
Consent 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the
Registration Statement of PAVmed Inc. on Form S-1 [Files No. 333-222581, 333-222234, 333-216963, and 333-214288], Form S-3 [Files No.
333-261814, 333-235335, 333-229372, 333-227718, and 333-221406] and Form S-8 [Files No. 333-269701, 333-269700, 333-264272, 333-264271,
333-258459, 333-258458, 333-256343, 333-248529, and 333-231674] of our report dated March 13, 2023, with respect to our audits of the
consolidated financial statements of PAVmed Inc. and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the two years in the
period ended December 31, 2022, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PAVmed Inc. for the year ended December
31, 2022. 

/s/ Marcum LLP 

Marcum LLP 

New York, NY 

March 13, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION BY PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I, Lishan Aklog, M.D., certify that: 

1 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PAVmed Inc. and Subsidiaries; 

2 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Lishan Aklog, M.D. 

Lishan Aklog, M.D., 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION BY PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I, Dennis M. McGrath, certify that: 

1 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PAVmed Inc. and Subsidiaries; 

2 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Dennis M. McGrath 

Dennis M. McGrath 

President Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report
on Form 10-K of PAVmed Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Lishan Aklog, M.D., Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to his knowledge: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Lishan Aklog, M.D. 

Lishan Aklog, M.D. 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report
on Form 10-K of PAVmed Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Dennis M. McGrath, President Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to his knowledge: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Dennis M. McGrath 

Dennis M. McGrath 

President Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 pavm-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 pavm-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 pavm-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 pavm-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

