<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1673358_0000950170-23-005571.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>28248830</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>530531</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2537446</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>14988496</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3178010</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6287709</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-005571.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301163401
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-005571
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		120
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Yum China Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001673358
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		IRS NUMBER:				812421743
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37762
		FILM NUMBER:		23694167

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 EAST PARK BOULEVARD, SUITE 805
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75074
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(469)980-2898

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 EAST PARK BOULEVARD, SUITE 805
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75074

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Yum! China Holding, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160428

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-005571.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 yumc-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D. C. 20549 
 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 

EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 for the fiscal year ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 

EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 

Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 Identification No.) 

, 

(Address, including Zip Code, of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

: 
 Accelerated filer: 

Non-accelerated filer: 
 Smaller reporting company: 

Emerging growth company: 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting stock (which consists solely of shares of common stock) held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately billion. Solely for purposes of this disclosure, shares of common stock held by executive officers and directors of the registrant as of such date have been excluded because such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. The number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of February 22, 2023 was shares. 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 

Information about our Executive Officers 
 20 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 23 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 60 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 60 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 60 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 60 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 61 

Item 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 62 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 63 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 84 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 85 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 130 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 130 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 130 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 130 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 131 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 131 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 131 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 131 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 131 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 132 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 136 

Signatures 
 
 137 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This annual report on Form 10-K (this Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We intend all forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
 
 Forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. These statements often include words such as may, will, estimate, intend, seek, expect, project, anticipate, believe, plan, could, target, predict, likely, should, forecast, outlook, model, continue, ongoing or other similar terminology. Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations, estimates, assumptions or projections concerning future results or events, including, without limitation, statements regarding our strategies to expand our restaurant network and restaurant portfolio, our strategies to improve store performance and develop new sources of revenue, plans to invest in technology and high-quality assets, plans to enhance digital and delivery capabilities, franchise development, logistics and supply chain management, our sustainability goals, anticipated effects of population and macroeconomic trends and the expected impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Forward-looking statements are neither predictions nor guarantees of future events, circumstances or performance and are inherently subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause our actual results and events to differ materially from those indicated by those forward-looking statements. We cannot assure you that any of our expectations, estimates, assumptions or projections will be achieved. Factors that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from our expectations, estimates, assumptions or projections include (i) the risks and uncertainties described in the Risk Factors included in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K and (ii) the factors described in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. We disclaim any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement to reflect subsequent events or circumstances, except as required by law. 
 
 1 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

PAR T I 
 
 Item 1.	B usiness. 
 
 References to Yum China mean Yum China Holdings, Inc. and references to the Company, we, us, and our mean Yum China and its subsidiaries. 
 
 U.S. dollars, or US refers to the legal currency of the United States, and RMB or Renminbi refers to the legal currency of the People s Republic of China (the PRC or China ). 
 
 The KFC, Pizza Hut, Taco Bell, Lavazza, Little Sheep and Huang Ji Huang brands are collectively referred to as the brands or concepts. Throughout this Form 10-K, the terms brands and concepts are used interchangeably and restaurants, stores and units are used interchangeably. 
 
 General 
 
 Yum China is the largest restaurant company in China in terms of 2022 system sales. We had 9.6 billion of revenues in 2022 and nearly 13,000 restaurants as of December 31, 2022. Our growing restaurant network consists of our flagship KFC and Pizza Hut brands, as well as emerging brands such as Taco Bell, Lavazza, Little Sheep and Huang Ji Huang. 
 
 We have the exclusive right to operate and sublicense the KFC, Pizza Hut and, subject to achieving certain agreed-upon milestones, Taco Bell brands in China, excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. We own the intellectual property of the Little Sheep and Huang Ji Huang concepts outright. KFC was the first major global restaurant brand to enter China in 1987. With more than 35 years of operations, we have developed extensive operating experience in the China market. We have since grown to become the largest restaurant company in China in terms of 2022 system sales, with nearly 13,000 restaurants covering over 1,800 cities primarily in China as of December 31, 2022. We believe that there are significant opportunities to expand within China, and we intend to focus our efforts on increasing our geographic footprint in both existing and new cities. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned and operated approximately 86 of our restaurants. Franchisees contribute to our revenue through the payment of upfront franchise fees and on-going royalties based on a percentage of sales, and payments for other transactions with us, such as purchases of food and paper products, advertising services, delivery services and other services. 
 
 Restaurant Concepts 
 
 KFC 
 
 KFC is the leading and the largest quick-service restaurant QSR brand in China in terms of 2022 system sales. Founded in Corbin, Kentucky by Colonel Harland D. Sanders in 1939, KFC opened its first restaurant in Beijing, China in 1987. As of December 31, 2022, there were over 9,000 KFC restaurants in more than 1,800 cities across China. In addition to Original Recipe chicken and other chicken products, KFC in China has an extensive menu featuring beef burgers, pork, seafood, rice dishes, congees, fresh vegetables, desserts, coffee, tea and many other products. KFC also seeks to increase revenue from different channels, including dine-in, delivery, takeaway and packaged foods such as steak, fried rice and pasta. KFC primarily competes with western QSR brands in China, such as McDonald s, Dicos and Burger King, among which we believe KFC had an approximate two-to-one lead over its nearest competitor in terms of store count as of the end of 2022. 
 
 Pizza Hut 
 
 Pizza Hut is the leading and the largest casual dining restaurant CDR brand in China in terms of 2022 system sales and number of restaurants as of December 31, 2022, offering multiple dayparts, including breakfast, lunch, afternoon tea and dinner. Since opening its first China restaurant unit in Beijing in 1990, Pizza Hut has grown rapidly and, as of year-end 2022, there were over 2,900 Pizza Hut restaurants in over 650 cities across China. Pizza Hut has an extensive menu offering a broad variety of pizzas, steaks, pasta, rice dishes and other entrees, appetizers, beverages and desserts. Pizza Hut also aims to further drive growth from different channels and occasions, including dine-in, delivery, takeaway and packaged foods such as steak and pasta. Measured by number of restaurants, we believe Pizza Hut has an approximate five-to-one lead over its nearest western CDR competitor in China as of the end of 2022. 
 
 2 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Other Concepts 
 
 In addition to KFC and Pizza Hut, our restaurant brand portfolio also includes Taco Bell, Lavazza, Little Sheep and Huang Ji Huang. 
 
 Taco Bell. Taco Bell is the world s leading western QSR brand specializing in Mexican-style food, including tacos, burritos, quesadillas, salads, nachos and similar items. We opened our first Taco Bell restaurant in Shanghai, China, in December 2016. As of December 31, 2022, there were over 90 Taco Bell units in China. 
 
 Lavazza . In April 2020, we partnered with Luigi Lavazza S.p.A. Lavazza Group ), the world-renowned family-owned Italian coffee company, and established a joint venture Lavazza joint venture ), to explore and develop the Lavazza coffee concept in China. In September 2021, the Company and Lavazza Group entered into agreements to accelerate the expansion of Lavazza coffee shops, which offer a premium and authentic Italian coffee experience in China. As of December 31, 2022, there were 85 Lavazza units in China. 
 
 Little Sheep. Little Sheep, with its roots in Inner Mongolia, China, specializes in Hot Pot cooking, which is very popular in China, particularly during the winter months. Little Sheep had over 180 units in both China and international markets as of December 31, 2022. Of these, 175 units were franchise restaurants. 
 
 Huang Ji Huang. In April 2020, we completed the acquisition of a controlling interest in Huang Ji Huang. Founded in 2004, Huang Ji Huang had over 590 units in China and internationally as of December 31, 2022. Huang Ji Huang primarily operates a franchise model and is an industry-leading simmer pot brand. 
 
 Our Strategies 
 
 Our primary strategy is to grow sales and profits across our portfolio of brands through organic growth, growth of franchise restaurants and development of new restaurant concepts, along with growing our online business. We are accelerating our store network expansion to reach our next milestone of 20,000 stores. We will drive growth from our core brands, as well as emerging brands such as Taco Bell and Lavazza. We will continue to invest in digitalization and supply chain, our key growth enablers. 
 
 Continue to strategically expand our restaurant network 
 
 We are confident in the long-term market opportunities in China. We believe we have the potential to grow to 20,000 restaurants or more in the future and we are currently tracking over 900 cities that do not have a KFC or Pizza Hut restaurant. 
 
 Further expand geographical coverage . Restaurant chains have a low penetration rate in China, especially in lower-tier cities. Given the rapidly expanding middle class and dining out population as a result of continued economic growth and urbanization, we believe there are significant opportunities to expand within China, and we intend to focus our efforts on increasing our geographic footprint in both existing and new cities. For additional information on the risks associated with this growth strategy, see the section entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors, including the risk factor entitled We may not attain our target development goals; aggressive development could cannibalize existing sales; and new restaurants may not be profitable. 
 
 Explore new restaurant formats. We are keen to explore various new restaurant formats to support further store expansion, including different store designs or service models aimed at addressing the needs of different guests and for different occasions. We believe that our first-mover advantage and in-depth local know-how will help us to build robust development pipelines to seize the market opportunities. 
 
 Capture franchise opportunity. While we continue to focus on the operation of our Company-owned restaurant units, we will also continue to seek franchise opportunities for both our core and emerging brands. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 14 of our restaurants were operated by franchisees. We anticipate high franchisee demand for our brands, supported by strong unit economics, operational consistency and multiple store formats to drive restaurant growth. While the franchise market in China is still in an early stage compared to developed markets, we plan to continue to develop our franchisee-owned store portfolio over time by focusing on select channels and lower-tier city development, among others. 
 
 Grow emerging brands . Our key growth strategy for emerging brands, such as Taco Bell, Lavazza, Little Sheep and Huang Ji Huang, focuses on exploring suitable business models to achieve sustainable growth. In addition, we plan to continue our efforts in product innovation and operational enhancement for these emerging brands to potentially scale up operations in the future. 
 
 3 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Continue to improve unit-level performance and develop new sources of revenue 
 
 Food innovation and value proposition. We will continue to focus on food innovation and strengthen our value proposition. We are keenly aware of the strength of our core menu items. At the same time, we seek to continue to introduce innovative items to meet evolving consumer preferences and local tastes, drive guest engagement and continue to broaden our brand appeal. Each of our restaurant concepts has proprietary menu items, and emphasizes the preparation of food with high quality ingredients. We will continue to develop unique recipes, regionally-inspired menu items and special seasonings to provide appealing, tasty and convenient food choices at competitive prices. In addition, KFC plans to continue providing value with product offerings such as the bucket and increased combo options throughout the day and Pizza Hut plans to continue its multiple value campaigns. We will continue to promote signature value campaigns such as Crazy Thursday and Buy More Save More on Sunday for KFC and Scream Wednesday for Pizza Hut, which offer selected menu items at attractive prices, and have received positive consumer feedback. We believe our continued food innovation and value proposition are pivotal to enhancing our unit-level performance by driving order frequency and order ticket size. 
 
 Daypart opportunities. We believe there are significant daypart opportunities across our brands. For example, KFC has expanded its daypart offerings, including late night street food and afternoon tea, and Pizza Hut continued to drive sales from breakfast and business lunch. 
 
 Best in-store experience. We continuously look for ways to improve the guest experience. For example, we plan to continue to invest in refurbishing our restaurants. Our brands also look to improve efficiency to drive sales growth. For instance, we have simplified menus and fine-tuned our in-store self-service order devices. We are also expanding our delivery business through our proprietary smartphone applications and pre-order services. In addition, we are continuously investing in digital and automation to improve operating transparency and efficiency. For example, our smart order system enhances the customer experience by reducing wait times and providing real-time order status, and we also added robotic servers at one-third of our Pizza Hut restaurants, freeing up crews to serve customers. To further enhance the guest experience, we are also evaluating the possibility of adopting other digital initiatives in our restaurants and will continue to invest in this area, as discussed more fully below. 
 
 Continue to invest in technology, with a focus to capture digital, delivery and off-premise consumption opportunities 
 
 We will continue to invest in technology to further empower and maintain our competitive advantages. We will focus on improving our overall technology infrastructure and digital and delivery capabilities. We believe these efforts will further support our sustainable growth, improve our operational efficiency and ensure quality. Our digital and delivery strategies are set forth below. 
 
 Digital. As of December 31, 2022, our loyalty programs had over 380 million members and over 130 million members for KFC and Pizza Hut, respectively. The programs have been effective in increasing order frequency and enhancing guest loyalty. Digital orders exceeded 8 billion and accounted for approximately 89 of KFC and Pizza Hut Company sales in 2022. Going forward, we will continue to leverage our powerful digital ecosystem to drive sales, improve the guest experience and increase operational efficiency. We plan to increase our investment in end-to-end digitalization, automation and artificial intelligence AI ), to more effectively connect online traffic with our offline assets. To improve our operational efficiency, we will focus on connecting our front-end, guest facing systems to back-end systems such as operations and supply chain. 
 
 Delivery . China is a world leader in the emerging online to offline, or O2O, market. This is where digital online ordering technologies interact with traditional brick and mortar retail to enhance the customer experience. We see considerable growth potential in the delivery market by aligning our proven restaurant operation capabilities with our delivery network that offers consumers the ability to order restaurant food anywhere. Delivery contributed approximately 39 of Company sales in 2022. Going forward, we will continue to optimize our delivery service by adopting innovative technologies, rolling out new delivery menu items and developing novel delivery service concepts, such as our dynamically adjusting delivery coverage for each store by daypart, taking into account the operating hours of nearby stores. 
 
 New retail . As part of our strategy to drive growth from off-premise occasions, our new retail products are designed to capture at-home consumption demand by leveraging our online and offline sales channels. We launched packaged foods such as steak, fried rice and pasta, so customers can enjoy these products any time they want. In 2022, we further broadened our offerings, adding some of our restaurant classics, such as our Egg Tart and Popcorn Chicken. We also developed our own retail brand, Shaofaner, which sells packaged foods through online and offline channels. We intend to continue to capture the opportunity with our capabilities in product innovation, supply chain and online and offline assets. 
 
 4 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Strategically optimize our restaurant portfolio 
 
 We aim to maintain our industry-leading position in the QSR and CDR markets in China with our core brands, and gain a stronger foothold and enhanced know-how in the Chinese cuisine space, which represents a significant share of the restaurant industry in China. In April 2020, we completed the acquisition of a controlling interest in Huang Ji Huang, a leading Chinese CDR franchise business. Following the acquisition of Huang Ji Huang, we established a Chinese dining business unit to manage our Chinese restaurant brands. 
 
 We are also building a coffee portfolio to capture today s underserved coffee market in China across different customer segments, including coffee products provided by KFC K-Coffee ), which offers convenience and value. In April 2020, we also partnered with Lavazza to explore and develop the Lavazza coffee concept in China to offer a premium and authentic Italian coffee experience in China. As of December 31, 2022, there were 85 Lavazza units in China, and we target to open 1,000 Lavazza stores in the next few years. 
 
 Prudently pursue investments in high-quality assets 
 
 Our investment strategy primarily focuses on three areas, restaurant brands with excellent growth potential and synergy, joint ventures and the enablers that empower our brands (e.g. ecosystem, technology). We continue to identify and evaluate investment opportunities in high-quality brands to capture growth opportunities. Also, we look for potential opportunities to invest in digitalization and supply chain, our key growth enablers, to further enhance our competitiveness. We will prudently assess investment targets based on each candidate s strategic value, brand equity, business scale and financial performance, among other factors. 
 
 Operational Management 
 
 Restaurant Unit Management 
 
 Our restaurant management structure varies among our restaurant brands and restaurant size. Generally, each restaurant that we operate is overseen by a management team led by a restaurant general manager, or RGM, together with one or more assistant managers. RGMs are skilled and highly trained, with most having a college-level education. The performance of RGMs is regularly monitored and coached by senior operations leaders. Each restaurant brand issues detailed manuals, which may then be customized to meet local regulations and customs. These manuals set forth standards and requirements for all aspects of restaurant operations. The restaurant management team is responsible for the day-to-day operation of our restaurants and for ensuring compliance with operating standards. Each RGM is also responsible for handling guest complaints and emergency situations. 
 
 Franchise Restaurant Management 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 14 of our restaurants were franchise restaurants. Our franchise program is designed to promote consistency and quality, and we are selective in granting franchises. Franchisees supply capital initially by paying a franchise fee to us and by purchasing or leasing the land use rights, building, equipment, signs, seating, inventories and supplies; and, over the longer term, by reinvesting in the business through expansion. Franchisees contribute to our revenue through the payment of upfront franchise fees and on-going royalties based on a percentage of sales, and payments for other transactions with us, such as purchases of food and paper products, advertising services, delivery services and other services. 
 
 Our franchise agreements set out specific operational standards, which are consistent with standards required for Company-owned restaurants. Like our Company-owned restaurants, our franchise restaurants are also subject to our internal quality audits and reviews. There are no notable operational differences between Company-owned restaurants and franchise restaurants. 
 
 We believe that it is important to maintain strong and open relationships with our franchisees and their representatives. To this end, the Company invests a significant amount of time working with the franchisees and their representative organizations on key aspects of the business, including products, equipment, operational improvements and standards and management techniques. 
 
 Expansion Management 
 
 We believe that there are significant opportunities to expand within China and we intend to focus our efforts on increasing our geographic footprint in both existing and new cities. We expanded our restaurant count from 7,562 at the end of 2016 to 12,947 at the end of 2022, representing a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of approximately 9 . We expect to expand our business through organic growth, growth of franchise units and development of our emerging brands. 
 
 5 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Our expansion strategy has been systematically focused on high potential locations across city tiers, including entering new commercial areas within existing cities and new cities. Each potential restaurant site is assessed and evaluated individually based on its site potential, potential financial return and potential impact to nearby stores. We take into account factors such as economic and demographic conditions and prospects, consumption patterns, GDP per capita and population density of the local community, presence of activity centers such as shopping complexes, schools and residential areas that generate guest traffic, and the presence of other restaurants in the vicinity during our site selection process. We also consider the guest traffic and distance from the existing restaurants under the same brand to reduce sales transfer that may occur from existing restaurant units. As we are opening more smaller format stores and actively managing costs, the average capital spending for each new KFC and Pizza Hut restaurant unit in 2022 was approximately RMB1.3 to 2 million. 
 
 Supply Chain Management 
 
 The Company s restaurants, including those operated by franchisees, are large purchasers of a number of food and paper products, equipment and other restaurant supplies. The principal items purchased include protein ingredients (including poultry, pork, beef and seafood), cheese, oil, flour, vegetables and paper and packaging materials. The Company has not experienced any significant, continuous shortages of supplies, and alternative sources for most of these products are generally available. Prices paid for supplies fluctuate from time to time. We control our raw material costs by entering into long-term bulk purchase agreements for our key food ingredients, fully utilizing all chicken parts, increasing local sourcing and developing long-term relationships with suppliers. 
 
 The Company partners with over 800 independent suppliers, which are mostly China-based. We implement a strict supplier qualification process that includes supplier compliance checks and on-site audits to ensure the supplier meets our food safety and quality control standards. We have formulated detailed specifications for food ingredients and consumables we procure. We believe supply chain management is crucial to the sustainability of our business and we are dedicated to applying digitalization and automation technologies in our supply chain management system. Our in-house and integrated supply chain management system employs more than 1,400 staff in food safety, quality assurance, procurement management, logistics, engineering and supply chain system. 
 
 In addition, we operate a tailor-made, world-class logistics management system, which is capable of accommodating large scale, wide coverage and advanced information dissemination as well as fast store expansions. To further strengthen our supply chain network, the Company acquired land in 2022 and 2021 to build eight new logistics centers. The Company, along with multiple independently owned and operated distributors, utilizes 33 logistics centers to distribute supplies to Company-owned and franchised stores, as well as to third-party customers. In addition, the Company owns seasoning facilities for its Chinese dining business unit, which manufacture and sell seasoning products to Huang Ji Huang and Little Sheep franchisees. The Company s supply chain strategy of working with multiple suppliers, as well as building a vast logistics network, allows for continuous supply of products in the event that supply from an individual supplier or logistics center becomes unfeasible. 
 
 To improve the efficiency and effectiveness of our procurement process, the Company has adopted a central procurement model, whereby the Company centrally purchases the vast majority of food and paper products from approved suppliers for most of the restaurants regardless of ownership. The Company believes this central procurement model allows the Company to maintain quality control and achieves better prices and terms through volume purchases. 
 
 Food Safety and Quality Control 
 
 Food safety is the top priority at the Company. Food safety systems include rigorous standards and training of employees in our restaurants and distribution system, as well as requirements for suppliers. These standards and training topics include, but are not limited to, employee health, product handling, ingredient and product temperature management and prevention of cross contamination. Food safety training is focused on illness prevention, food safety and regulation adherence in day-to-day operations. Our standards also promote compliance with applicable laws and regulations in China when building new or renovating existing restaurants. For further information on food safety issues, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Food safety and foodborne illness concerns may have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. 
 
 Our quality assurance department regularly conducts unannounced food safety and operation excellence checks of all restaurants covering food safety, product quality and guest service. We also conduct regular product quality inspections on main menu items, and perform microbiological testing of restaurants utensils, small wares, water, ice and food to ensure they meet the required standards. 
 
 We have established a team managing delivery services for our restaurants. We require all third-party delivery companies to sign and strictly implement a letter of commitment on the food safety and quality practice of delivery food, which stipulates clear requirements for regulatory compliance, staff management, catering, delivery facilities, equipment and strict management of third-party platforms. 
 
 6 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Innovation and Digitalization 
 
 Our vision is to become the world s most innovative pioneer in the restaurant industry. We are dedicated to adopting innovations in our business model and restaurant operations, which enables us to comprehensively reach our guests and provide superior products and services in a technology-driven and happy way, as vividly demonstrated by our slogan Tasty food, great fun, pleasant presentation with substance. 
 
 We believe we are a pioneer and first-mover among restaurant brands in China in utilizing and investing in emerging digital technologies to modernize our business operations and accelerate our growth, which is critical to empower and maintain our competitive advantage in China. In recent years, we have stepped up our investment in digitalization, embarking on end-to-end digitalization of our business operations. In 2021, we opened a digital R D center with three sites in Shanghai, Nanjing and Xi an, to strengthen our internal digital capabilities and support sustainable business growth by using advanced technology. 
 
 Dining Experience 
 
 Menu Innovations 
 
 Offering appealing, tasty and convenient food at great prices is our value proposition. We have a dedicated food innovation team primarily focusing on the development and innovation of new recipes and improvement of existing products. In 2022, we launched over 500 new and improved products across all of our restaurant brands. Leveraging our local know-how and the wealth of consumer taste preference data accumulated, we have become a pioneer in food innovation, pushing the boundaries of QSR and CDR dining in China. 
 
 Our menu innovation endeavors are also supported by a world-class 27,000 square-foot innovation center in Shanghai for the development of new recipes, cooking methods and menu concepts. The innovation center is an integrated research and development facility that has been designed to generate new menu ideas and concepts with new ingredients and cooking methods to enable the rapid roll-out of innovative products catering to customers local tastes. 
 
 Ordering 
 
 KFC rolled out mobile pre-ordering service on a nationwide basis in December 2016, which allows guests to order online and pick up in store. Pizza Hut launched table-side mobile ordering in 2018, which enables guests to order by scanning a QR code with their mobile phone. Now mobile ordering is a standard feature of our Super Apps including the KFC Super App and the Pizza Hut Super App. Guests can also order through our proprietary mini programs embedded in WeChat. In addition, in certain commercial districts, in-store kiosks provide guests with convenient and fast digital ordering options. We continuously enhance our Super Apps to address the needs of customers and improve their digital experience. For example, in 2022, we launched a smart order system to enhance the customer experience by reducing customer wait times and providing real-time order status. In 2022, digital orders accounted for approximately 89 of KFC and Pizza Hut Company sales. 
 
 Payment 
 
 As early as June 2015, we started to partner with Alipay on digital payment functionalities, making us among the first batch of restaurant chains in China to make mobile payment available to guests. We commenced mobile payment cooperation with WeChat Pay in 2016. Digital payments accounted for an increasing percentage of our Company sales, from 33 in 2016 to 99 in 2022. The increasing percentage indicates broad consumer preference for this feature and reflects our ability to harness the power of technology in our business model. Adoption of digital and mobile payment technologies not only provides a better customer experience by, among other things, reducing guest waiting time and saving guests from having to reach for their wallets or even cellphones, but also reduces staffing needed for cash management and reduces potential risks associated with cash management. In addition to the above business relationships with major third-party mobile payment providers, we developed and launched YUMC Pay in partnership with UnionPay in the first quarter of 2019. 
 
 Guest loyalty and interaction 
 
 China has entered into an age of Super Apps, which integrates multiple functions including messaging, e-commerce and payments in a single application by embedding mini programs or providing in-App links to other applications. In early 2016, the KFC Super App was implemented nationwide. Super Apps play a very important role in our overall digital ecosystem as they enable a digital guest experience by offering convenience, efficiency and interesting functionality before, during and after dining. 
 
 7 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Member engagement is fostered through our Super Apps and WeChat mini programs, as these form the primary platform for consumers to sign up for our membership programs. Additionally, we continue to monetize our membership base by introducing privilege membership subscription programs that increase frequency and spend at our brands. These monetization opportunities rely heavily on our ability to engage with our users through our Super Apps. As of December 31, 2022, KFC and Pizza Hut loyalty programs exceeded 410 million members combined. Member sales accounted for approximately 62 of system sales in 2022. We believe that creative and engaging interactions with our guests can help us enhance the guest experience and guest loyalty, which will ultimately lead to increased sales. 
 
 Delivery 
 
 We believe that food delivery is a significant growth driver in China. We were one of the first restaurant businesses in China to offer delivery services. As early as 2010, KFC established its own delivery platform and started to accept delivery orders placed on its mobile applications. Orders generated from our own delivery platforms for KFC and Pizza Hut contributed a significant portion of our delivery sales. Starting from 2015, we were also one of the first to partner with O2O aggregators to further generate delivery traffic. In addition to ordering through aggregators platforms, guests may also place delivery orders through the KFC and Pizza Hut Super Apps. The ability to generate orders from our own channels allows us to be well-positioned in commercial collaborations with aggregators, and manage costs and commissions in a more competitive manner. 
 
 We have established a team managing delivery services for our restaurants. We primarily use dedicated riders, who are managed by third-party delivery companies contracted with us, to deliver orders. These dedicated riders deliver orders exclusively for our stores, which help ensure rider availability during peak hours, delivery quality and timeliness. In 2019, Company sales through delivery accounted for approximately 21 of total Company sales, which further increased to approximately 30 for 2020, 32 in 2021 and 39 in 2022, partially driven by the increased delivery orders as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Restaurant Format Innovation 
 
 To supplement our growth, we are focusing on developing new restaurant formats and upgrading existing restaurants. We have developed multiple restaurant formats to meet different guest needs. For example, our smaller store formats, with reduced store size combined with other cost reduction initiatives, enable us to penetrate further into lower-tier cities and expand more flexibly in higher-tier cities. In addition, we continuously look for ways to improve the guest experience. We continue to refresh the look of our restaurants and remodel with the latest technology, equipment and infrastructure to improve the dining experience. Approximately 73 of KFC restaurant units and 87 of Pizza Hut restaurant units as of December 31, 2022 were remodeled or built in the past five years. Our brands also look to improve efficiency to drive sales growth. For example, we have simplified our menu items and fine-tuned our in-store self-service order kiosks. 
 
 Operational Efficiency 
 
 We have made significant investments to establish an efficient technological infrastructure, which serves as the foundation of our intelligent restaurant network management and facilitates efficient and innovative restaurant operation for all restaurants across our brands. We have adopted AI-enabled technology to analyze and forecast transaction volume so that we can improve labor scheduling and inventory management. For example, the Super Brain, an end-to-end AI-enabled system, integrates data from store operations and aids the decision making of restaurant general managers. Moreover, managers and staff are also equipped with self-designed smart watches , and in some pilot stores, smart glasses , to closely monitor the real-time ordering and serving procedures of the restaurants and make timely staffing adjustments, which substantially improves management efficiency and guest satisfaction. We believe our digitalization along with automation, the Internet of Things and AI work together to enhance food safety, replace manual work and improve overall store efficiency. 
 
 Doing Business in China 
 
 Risks Related to Doing Business in China 
 
 Substantially all of our business operations are located in China. Accordingly, we face various legal and operational risks and uncertainties under the complex and evolving PRC laws and regulations, including the following: 
 Changes in Chinese political policies and economic and social policies or conditions may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and may result in our inability to sustain our growth and expansion strategies. 

8 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Uncertainties with respect to the interpretation and enforcement of Chinese laws, rules and regulations could have a material adverse effect on us. 

The audit report included in this Form 10-K is prepared by auditors who are located in China, and in the event the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board is unable to inspect our auditors, our common stock will be subject to potential delisting from the New York Stock Exchange. 

Changes in political, business, economic and trade relations between the United States and China may have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Fluctuation in the value of RMB may result in foreign currency exchange losses. 

The increasing focus on environmental sustainability issues may create operational challenges for us, increase our costs and harm our reputation. 

Interventions in or the imposition of restrictions and limitations by the PRC government on currency conversion and payments of foreign currency and RMB out of mainland China may limit our ability to utilize our cash balances effectively, including making funds held by our China-based subsidiaries unavailable for use outside of mainland China, which could limit or eliminate our ability to pay dividends and affect the value of your investment. 

Changes in the laws and regulations of China or noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations may have a significant impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition, and may cause the value of our securities to decline. 

We rely to a significant extent on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our principal operating subsidiaries in China to fund offshore cash requirements. 

Under the EIT Law, if we are classified as a China resident enterprise for Chinese enterprise income tax purposes, such classification would likely result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-Chinese stockholders. 

We and our stockholders face uncertainty with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in China resident enterprises through transfer of non-Chinese-holding companies. Enhanced scrutiny by the Chinese tax authorities may have a negative impact on potential acquisitions and dispositions we may pursue in the future. 

There may be difficulties in effecting service of legal process, conducting investigations, collecting evidence, enforcing foreign judgments or bringing original actions in China based on United States or other foreign laws against us and our management. 

The Chinese government may determine that the variable interest entity structure of Daojia does not comply with Chinese laws on foreign investment in restricted industries. 

Certain defects caused by non-registration of our lease agreements related to certain properties occupied by us in China may materially and adversely affect our ability to use such properties. 

Our restaurants are susceptible to risks in relation to unexpected land acquisitions, building closures or demolitions. 

Any failure to comply with Chinese regulations regarding our employee equity incentive plans may subject Chinese plan participants or us to fines and other legal or administrative sanctions. 

Failure to make adequate contributions to various employee benefit plans as required by Chinese regulations may subject us to penalties. 

Proceedings instituted by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC against certain China-based accounting firms, including our independent registered public accounting firm, could result in our financial statements being determined to not be in compliance with the requirements of the Exchange Act. 

Chinese regulation of loans to, and direct investment in, Chinese entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion may restrict or prevent us from making loans or additional capital contributions to our Chinese subsidiaries, which may materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business. 

Regulations regarding acquisitions may impose significant regulatory approval and review requirements, which could make it more difficult for us to pursue growth through acquisitions. 

The PRC government has significant oversight and discretion to exert control over offerings of our securities conducted outside of China and foreign investment in China-based issuers, and may limit or completely hinder our ability to offer securities to investors, which may cause the value of such securities to significantly decline. 

9 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

These risks could result in a material adverse change in our operations and the value of our shares, significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors, or cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or become worthless. For a detailed description of risks related to doing business in China, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China. For more information regarding the effect of government regulations on the Company, including PRC regulations, refer to Government Regulation. For more information regarding the Company s cash flows into and out of China, refer to Cash Flows. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 Yum China is a Delaware holding company conducting substantially all of its operations in China through its China subsidiaries. Yum China derives substantially all of its revenue through its operations in China, and Yum China indirectly owns, and receives dividends from, its China subsidiaries. In addition, the Company has also generated cash from its global offering in September 2020. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s China subsidiaries distributed approximately 453 million in dividends to the Company s Hong Kong-incorporated holding companies. Dividends paid by China subsidiaries to their direct offshore parent companies are subject to Chinese withholding income tax at the rate of 10 , but Hong Kong has a tax arrangement with mainland China that provides for a 5 withholding tax on dividends upon meeting certain conditions and requirements. Once distributed outside of mainland China, the funds are freely transferrable. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s Hong Kong subsidiaries did not distribute dividends to the Company s Delaware holding company. 
 
 In 2022, Yum China paid cash dividends to stockholders totaling 202 million and repurchased 466 million of its common stock. The source of funds for these dividends and repurchases was cash on hand held outside of mainland China. These dividends to stockholders and repurchases generally had no tax consequence to the Company, but may be taxable (including by way of withholding) to its stockholders. In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA was signed into law in the U.S. The IRA contains certain tax measures, including an excise tax of 1 on net share repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. For more information on our dividends and share repurchases, see the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Form 10-K. 
 
 In addition, Yum China makes investments in its China subsidiaries through capital contributions to further support their operational and growth needs. In 2021, one of Yum China s subsidiaries, which was incorporated in Hong Kong, made capital contributions to its subsidiaries in China totaling approximately 95 million. No such capital contributions were made in 2022. Cash may also be transferred among the Company s China subsidiaries and their offshore holding companies by means of intercompany loans. No such intercompany loans were made in 2021 and 2022. 
 
 For more information regarding the Company s cash flows, see our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and the related notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Cash Management Policies 
 
 The Company has comprehensive cash management policies in place, including specific policies governing approvals with respect to fund transfers throughout our organization. 
 
 Our board of directors and the audit committee oversee the Company s major financial risk exposures. The Company maintains an authorization policy on cash management, setting forth the scope of authority for certain treasury matters that are delegated by the board of directors to management. Under this policy, certain treasury matters, such as intercompany loans, short-term and long-term investments and dividends distributed from the Company s subsidiaries to the holding company, are clearly defined, with the level of approval required for each matter specifically identified. 
 
 Our management regularly monitors the liquidity position, funding requirements and investment returns in different jurisdictions of our subsidiaries, and takes into consideration regulatory requirements in the jurisdictions in which the Company has subsidiaries or operations. When funding is required, all necessary approvals are obtained from Company management and relevant governmental authorities, including China s State Administration of Foreign Exchange. 
 
 In addition, our ability to declare and pay any dividends on our stock may be restricted by earnings available for distribution under applicable Chinese laws. See Government Regulation Regulations Relating to Dividend Distribution for more information. 
 
 10 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Government Regulation 
 
 The Company is subject to various laws affecting its business, including the following: 
 Each of our restaurants in China is required to obtain (1) the relevant food business license; (2) the environmental protection assessment and inspection registration or approval; and (3) the fire safety inspection acceptance approval or other alternatives. Some of our restaurants which sell alcoholic beverages are required to make further registrations or obtain additional approvals, as described under the heading Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China We require various approvals, licenses and permits to operate our business and the loss of or failure to obtain or renew any or all of these approvals, licenses and permits could adversely affect our business and results of operations; 

Cash transfers from the Company s PRC subsidiaries to its subsidiaries outside of China are subject to PRC government control of currency conversion. Shortages in the availability of foreign currency may restrict the ability of the PRC subsidiaries to remit sufficient foreign currency to pay dividends or other payments to the Company, or otherwise satisfy their foreign currency-denominated obligations. See Regulations Relating to Dividend Distribution and Regulations Relating to Taxation for more information; 

We are subject to Chinese regulations on loans to and direct investment in Chinese entities by offshore holding companies. Thus, loans by us to our wholly-owned Chinese subsidiaries to finance their activities cannot exceed statutory limits and must be registered with the local counterparts of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE ). If we decide to finance our wholly-owned Chinese subsidiaries by means of capital contributions, in practice, we might be still required to obtain approval from China s Ministry of Commerce MOFCOM or its local counterparts. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China Chinese regulation of loans to, and direct investment in, Chinese entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion may restrict or prevent us from making loans or additional capital contributions to our Chinese subsidiaries, which may materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business for more information; 

We are subject to regulations relating to certain investments and acquisitions relating to businesses in China, including under the PRC Anti-monopoly Law and the Provisions of the Ministry of Commerce on M A of a Domestic Enterprise by Foreign Investors jointly adopted by six PRC regulatory agencies, including MOFCOM, the State-Owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, the Chinese State Taxation Administration STA ), the State Administration for Industry and Commerce of the People s Republic of China, the China Securities Regulatory Commission CSRC and SAFE. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China Regulations regarding acquisitions may impose significant regulatory approval and review requirements, which could make it more difficult for us to pursue growth through acquisitions for more information; 

We are subject to cybersecurity regulations, including those enforced by the Cyberspace Administration of China CAC including the PRC Cybersecurity Law, which imposes tightened requirements on data privacy and cybersecurity practices, the PRC Data Security Law, which imposes data security and privacy obligations on entities and individuals carrying out data activities (including activities outside of the PRC), requires a national security review of data activities that may affect national security, and imposes restrictions on data transmissions, the PRC Personal Information Protection Law, which sets out the regulatory framework for handling and protection of personal information and transmission of personal information, among others. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Unauthorized access to, or improper use, disclosure, theft or destruction of, our customer or employee personal, financial or other data or our proprietary or confidential information that is stored in our information systems or by third parties on our behalf could result in substantial costs, expose us to litigation and damage our reputation; and 

11 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

We may be subject to regulations relating to overseas securities offering and listing of China-based companies, including pursuant to the Opinions on Intensifying Crack Down on Illegal Securities Activities issued by the PRC government authorities, which called for enhanced oversight of overseas listed companies as well as overseas equity fundraising and listing by Chinese companies, and proposed measures such as the construction of regulatory systems to deal with the risks and incidents faced by China-based overseas-listed companies; the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies and the supporting guidelines issued by the CSRC, which regulate overseas securities offering and listing activities by China-based companies; the draft Regulations on Network Data Security Management issued by the CAC, which requires, among other things, that a prior cybersecurity review be conducted by the Cybersecurity Review Office before listing overseas for data processors which process over one million users personal information, and for the listing in Hong Kong of data processors which affect or may affect national security; the Revised Cybersecurity Review Measures, jointly issued by the National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the PRC, and several other administrations, which require, among other things, that a network platform operator holding over one million users personal information must apply with the Cybersecurity Review Office for a cybersecurity review before any public offering or listing outside of mainland PRC and Hong Kong. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China The PRC government has significant oversight and discretion to exert control over offerings of our securities conducted outside of China and foreign investment in China-based issuers, and may limit or completely hinder our ability to offer securities to investors, which may cause the value of such securities to significantly decline. 

The Company is also subject to tariffs and regulations on imported commodities and equipment and laws regulating foreign investment, as well as anti-bribery and corruption laws. Compliance with applicable laws and regulations has not had a material effect on the Company s capital expenditures, earnings and competitive position. The Company has not historically been materially and adversely affected by such requirements or by any difficulty, delay or failure to obtain required approvals, licenses, permits, registrations or filings and has obtained all material required approvals. As of the date of this Form 10-K, no material permissions have been denied to us by relevant government authorities in China, and we have not received any inquiry, notice, warning, or sanctions regarding our business operations and corporate structure from the CSRC, CAC or any other PRC governmental agency that would have a material impact on our business, results of operations or financial condition. However, we cannot predict the effect that the compliance with laws and regulations may have on our capital expenditures, earnings and competitive position in the future, or how we may be affected if we do not receive or maintain any required permissions or approvals, inadvertently conclude that such permissions or approvals are not required, or if applicable laws, regulations or interpretations change and we are required to obtain additional permissions or approvals in the future. If (i) we have inadvertently concluded that such permissions, approvals, licenses or permits have been acquired or are not required, or (ii) applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations change and we are required to obtain such permissions, approvals, licenses or permits in the future, then we may have to expend time and costs to procure them. If we are unable to do so on commercially reasonable terms or in a timely manner, it could cause significant disruption to our business operations and damage our reputation, which would in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of additional risks relating to federal, state, provincial, local and international governmental regulation of our business. 
 
 Regulations Relating to Dividend Distribution 
 
 The Chinese laws, rules and regulations applicable to our China subsidiaries permit payments of dividends only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance with applicable accounting standards and regulations. In addition, under Chinese law, an enterprise incorporated in China is required to set aside at least 10 of its after-tax profits each year, after making up previous years accumulated losses, if any, to fund certain statutory reserve funds, until the aggregate amount of such a fund reaches 50 of its registered capital. As a result, our China subsidiaries are restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to us in the form of dividends. At the discretion of their board of directors, as enterprises incorporated in China, our China subsidiaries may allocate a portion of their after-tax profits based on China accounting standards to staff welfare and bonus funds. These reserve funds and staff welfare and bonus funds are not distributable as cash dividends. 
 
 Regulations Relating to Taxation 
 
 Enterprise Income Tax. Under the China Enterprise Income Tax Law (the EIT Law and its implementation rules, a China resident enterprise is subject to Chinese enterprise income tax in respect of its net taxable income derived from sources inside and outside China. The term resident enterprise refers to any enterprise established in China and any enterprise established outside China with a de facto management body within China. 
 
 12 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Our China subsidiaries are regarded as China resident enterprises by virtue of their incorporation in China, and are generally subject to Chinese enterprise income tax on their worldwide income at the current uniform rate of 25 , unless reduced under certain specific qualifying criteria. Our China subsidiaries may deduct reasonable expenses that are actually incurred and are related to the generation of their income, including interest and other borrowing expenses, amortization of land use rights and depreciation of buildings and certain fixed assets, subject to any restrictions that may be imposed under the EIT Law, its implementation regulations and any applicable tax notices and circulars issued by the Chinese government or tax authorities. 
 
 Yum China and each subsidiary of Yum China that is organized outside of China intends to conduct its management functions in a manner that does not cause it to be a China resident enterprise, including by carrying on its day-to-day management activities and maintaining its key records, such as resolutions of its board of directors and resolutions of stockholders, outside of China. As such, we do not believe that Yum China or any of its non-Chinese subsidiaries should be considered a China resident enterprise for purposes of the EIT Law, and should not be subject to Chinese enterprise income tax on that basis. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China Under the EIT Law, if we are classified as a China resident enterprise for Chinese enterprise income tax purposes, such classification would likely result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-Chinese stockholders. 
 
 Value-Added Tax and Local Surcharges. Effective on May 1, 2016, a 6 value-added tax VAT on output replaced the 5 business tax BT that has historically been applied to certain restaurant sales under the China Provisional Regulations on Business Tax. Pursuant to Circular Caishui [2016] No. 36 jointly issued by the Ministry of Finance and the Chinese State Taxation Administration STA ), beginning May 1, 2016, any entity engaged in the provision of catering services in China is generally required to pay VAT at the rate of 6 on revenues generated from the provision of such services, less any creditable VAT already paid or borne by such entity upon purchase of materials and services. Our new retail business is generally subject to VAT rates at 9 or 13 . The latest VAT rates imposed on our purchase of materials and services included 13 , 9 and 6 , which were gradually changed from 17 , 13 , 11 and 6 since 2017. These rate changes impact our input VAT on all materials and certain services, primarily construction, transportation and leasing. However, the impact on our operating results is not expected to be significant. Local surcharges generally ranging from 7 to 13 , varying with the location of the relevant China subsidiary, are imposed on the amount of VAT payable. 
 
 Repatriation of Dividends from Our China Subsidiaries. Dividends (if any) paid by our China subsidiaries to their direct offshore parent companies are subject to Chinese withholding income tax at the rate of 10 , provided that such dividends are not effectively connected with any establishment or place of the offshore parent company in China. The 10 withholding income tax rate may be reduced or exempted pursuant to the provisions of any applicable tax treaties or tax arrangements. Hong Kong has a tax arrangement with mainland China that provides for a 5 withholding tax on dividends upon meeting certain conditions and requirements, including, among others, that the Hong Kong resident enterprise directly owns at least 25 equity interests of the Chinese enterprise and is a beneficial owner of the dividends. We believe that our principal Hong Kong subsidiary, which is the equity holder of our Chinese subsidiaries operating substantially all of our KFC and Pizza Hut restaurants, met the relevant requirements pursuant to the tax arrangement between mainland China and Hong Kong in 2018 and is expected to meet the requirements in subsequent years, thus, it is more likely than not that our dividends or earnings expected to be repatriated to this principal Hong Kong subsidiary since 2018 are subject to the reduced withholding tax of 5 . However, if the Hong Kong subsidiary is not considered to be the beneficial owner of the dividends by the Chinese local tax authority, the withholding tax rate on dividends paid to it by our Chinese subsidiaries would be subject to a withholding tax rate of 10 with retrospective effect, which would increase our tax liability and reduce the amount of cash available to the Company. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China We rely to a significant extent on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our principal operating subsidiaries in China to fund offshore cash requirements. 
 
 Gains on Direct Disposal of Equity Interests in Our China Subsidiaries. Under the EIT Law and its implementation rules, gains derived by non-resident enterprises from the sale of equity interests in a China resident enterprise are subject to Chinese withholding income tax at the rate of 10 . The 10 withholding income tax rate may be reduced or exempted pursuant to applicable tax treaties or tax arrangements. The gains are computed based on the difference between the sales proceeds and the original investment basis. Stamp duty is also payable upon a direct transfer of equity interest in a China resident enterprise. The stamp duty is calculated at 0.05 on the transfer value, payable by each of the transferor and transferee. We may be subject to these taxes in the event of any future sale by us of a China resident enterprise. 
 13 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Gains on Indirect Disposal of Equity Interests in Our China Subsidiaries. In February 2015, the STA issued the STA s Bulletin on Several Issues of Enterprise Income Tax on Income Arising from Indirect Transfers of Property by Non-resident Enterprises Bulletin 7 ). Pursuant to Bulletin 7, an indirect transfer of Chinese taxable assets, including equity interests in a China resident enterprise Chinese interests ), by a non-resident enterprise, may be re-characterized and treated as a direct transfer of Chinese taxable assets, if such arrangement does not have reasonable commercial purpose and the transferor avoids payment of Chinese enterprise income tax. Where a non-resident enterprise conducts an indirect transfer of Chinese interests by disposing of equity interests in an offshore holding company, the transferor, transferee and/or the China resident enterprise being indirectly transferred may report such indirect transfer to the relevant Chinese tax authority, which may in turn report upward to the STA. Using general anti-tax avoidance provisions, the STA may treat such indirect transfer as a direct transfer of Chinese interests if the transfer avoids Chinese tax by way of an arrangement without reasonable commercial purpose. As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject to Chinese enterprise income tax, and the transferee or other person who is obligated to pay for the transfer would be obligated to withhold the applicable taxes, currently at a rate of up to 10 of the capital gain in the case of an indirect transfer of equity interests in a China resident enterprise. Both the transferor and the party obligated to withhold the applicable taxes may be subject to penalties under Chinese tax laws if the transferor fails to pay the taxes and the party obligated to withhold the applicable taxes fails to withhold the taxes. 
 
 The above regulations do not apply if either (i) the selling non-resident enterprise recognizes the relevant gain by purchasing and selling equity of the same listed enterprise in the open market (the listed enterprise exception ); or (ii) the selling non-resident enterprise would have been exempted from enterprise income tax in China pursuant to applicable tax treaties or tax arrangements, if it had directly held and transferred such Chinese interests that were indirectly transferred. The China indirect transfer rules do not apply to gains recognized by individual stockholders. However, in practice, there have been a few reported cases of individuals being taxed on the indirect transfer of Chinese interests and the law could be changed so as to apply to individual stockholders, possibly with retroactive effect. In addition, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and relevant regulations IITL ), revised effective January 1, 2019, impose general anti-avoidance tax rules GAAR on transactions conducted by individuals. As a result, if the China tax authority invokes the GAAR and deems that indirect transfers made by individual stockholders lack reasonable commercial purposes, any gains recognized on such transfers might be subject to individual income tax in China at the standard rate of 20 . 
 
 It is unclear whether Company stockholders that acquired Yum China stock through the distribution or the Global Offering (discussed under Our History will be treated as acquiring Yum China stock in an open market purchase. If such acquisition of Yum China stock is not treated as acquired in an open market purchase, the listed transaction exception will not be available for transfers of such stock. We expect that transfers in open market transactions of our stock by corporate or other non-individual stockholders that have purchased our stock in open market transactions will not be taxable under the China indirect transfer rules due to the listed enterprise exception. Transfers, whether in the open market or otherwise, of our stock by corporate and other non-individual stockholders that acquired our stock in the distribution or the Global Offering or in non-open market transactions may be taxable under the China indirect transfer rules and our China subsidiaries may have filing obligations in respect of such transfers upon the request of relevant Chinese tax authorities. Transfers of our stock in non-open market transactions by corporate and other non-individual stockholders may be taxable under the China indirect transfer rules, whether or not such stock was acquired in open market transactions, and our China subsidiaries may have filing obligations in respect of such transfers upon the request of relevant China tax authorities. Corporate and other non-individual stockholders may be exempt from taxation under the Chinese indirect transfer rules with respect to transfers of our stock if they are tax resident in a country or region that has a tax treaty or arrangement with China that provides for a capital gains tax exemption and they qualify for that exemption. 
 
 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act ). In December 2017, the U.S. enacted the Tax Act, which included a broad range of tax reforms, including, but not limited to, the establishment of a flat corporate income tax rate of 21 , the elimination or reduction of certain business deductions, and the imposition of tax on deemed repatriation of accumulated undistributed foreign earnings. The Tax Act has impacted Yum China in two material aspects: (1) in general, all of the foreign-source dividends received by Yum China from its foreign subsidiaries will be exempted from taxation starting from the tax year beginning after December 31, 2017 and (2) Yum China recorded additional income tax expense in the fourth quarter of 2017, including an estimated one-time transition tax on its deemed repatriation of accumulated undistributed foreign earnings and additional tax related to the revaluation of certain deferred tax assets. The Tax Act also requires a U.S. shareholder to be subject to tax on Global Intangible Low Taxed Income GILTI earned by certain foreign subsidiaries. 
 
 The U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS released the final transition tax regulations in the first quarter of 2019. We completed the evaluation of the impact on our transition tax computation based on the final regulations released in the first quarter of 2019 and recorded additional income tax expense for the transition tax accordingly. 
 
 14 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA ). In August 2022, the IRA was signed into law in the U.S. The IRA contains certain tax measures, including a Corporate Alternative Minimum Tax CAMT of 15 on certain large corporations and an excise tax of 1 on net share repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. On December 27, 2022, the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS released Notice 2023-7, announcing their intention to issue proposed regulations addressing the application of the new CAMT. Notice 2023-7 also provides interim guidance regarding certain CAMT issues and states that the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS plan to issue additional interim guidance addressing other issues before publishing proposed regulations. 
 
 Hong Kong Profits Tax. Our subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong are generally subject to Hong Kong profits tax at a rate of 16.5 . For the years 2018 and onwards, the first HK 2 million of profits generated by one entity incorporated in Hong Kong is taxed at a rate of 8.25 , while the remaining profits will continue to be taxed at the 16.5 tax rate. In December 2022, a refined Foreign Sourced Income Exemption FSIE regime was published in Hong Kong and will take effect from January 1, 2023. Under the new FSIE regime, certain foreign soured income would be deemed as being sourced from Hong Kong and chargeable to Hong Kong Profits Tax, if the recipient entity fails to meet the prescribed exception requirements. Certain dividends, interests and disposal gains, if any, received by us and our Hong Kong subsidiaries may be subject to the new tax regime. 
 
 See Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of risks relating to federal, state, local and international regulation relating to taxation of our business. 
 
 Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act 
 
 On December 2, 2021, the SEC adopted rules (the Final Rules to implement the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (the HFCAA ), which became law on December 18, 2020. The HFCAA requires the SEC to prohibit the securities of any covered issuer from being traded on any of the U.S. securities exchanges, including the New York Stock Exchange, or traded over-the-counter, if the auditor of the covered issuer s financial statements is not subject to Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB inspection for three consecutive years, beginning in 2021. The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023, which became law on December 29, 2022, reduced the number of consecutive non-inspection years required to trigger the trading prohibition under the HFCAA from three years to two. 
 
 On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a report on its determination that it was unable to inspect or investigate PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong because of positions taken by Chinese authorities in those jurisdictions. Our independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG Huazhen LLP, was subject to the determinations announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021. 
 
 The HFCAA includes requirements for the SEC to identify issuers who file annual reports with audit reports issued by independent registered public accounting firms located in foreign jurisdictions that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken by a non-U.S. authority in the accounting firm s jurisdiction Commission-Identified Issuers ). On March 30, 2022, as expected following its adoption of the Final Rules, the SEC added Yum China to its conclusive list of Commission-Identified Issuers. The Final Rules require each Commission-Identified Issuer to submit documentation to the SEC annually on or before its annual report due date that establishes that it is not owned or controlled by a government entity in its public accounting firm s foreign jurisdiction. The SEC will impose an initial trading prohibition on an issuer as soon as practicable after it has been conclusively identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer for two consecutive years. 
 
 On August 26, 2022, the PCAOB announced that it signed a Statement of Protocol with the CSRC and the Ministry of Finance, which it described as the first step toward opening access for the PCAOB to inspect and investigate completely registered public accounting firms in mainland China and Hong Kong. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB vacated its 2021 determination that the positions taken by authorities in mainland China and Hong Kong prevented it from inspecting and investigating completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in those jurisdictions. 
 
 In view of the PCAOB s decision to vacate its 2021 determination and until such time as the PCAOB issues any new adverse determination, the SEC has stated that there are no issuers at risk of having their securities subject to a trading prohibition under the HFCAA. However, whether the PCAOB will continue to be able to satisfactorily conduct inspections of PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong is subject to uncertainty and depends on a number of factors out of our control. If the PCAOB again becomes unable to conduct a full inspection of our independent registered public accounting firm s audit documentation related to their audit reports, then our common stock will again be subject to potential delisting from the New York Stock Exchange. 
 
 15 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

For more information regarding the risks to the Company from the HFCAA, please see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China The audit report included in this Form 10-K is prepared by auditors who are located in China, and in the event the PCAOB is unable to inspect our auditors, our common stock will be subject to potential delisting from the New York Stock Exchange. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 Our use of certain material trademarks and service marks is governed by a master license agreement between Yum Restaurants Consulting (Shanghai) Company Limited YCCL ), a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of the Company, and Yum! Brands Inc. YUM ), through YRI China Franchising LLC, a subsidiary of YUM, effective from January 1, 2020 and previously through Yum! Restaurants Asia Pte. Ltd., another subsidiary of YUM, from October 31, 2016 to December 31, 2019. Pursuant to the master license agreement, we are the exclusive licensee of the KFC, Pizza Hut and, subject to achieving certain agreed-upon milestones, Taco Bell brands and their related marks and other intellectual property rights for restaurant services in the PRC, excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. The term of the license is 50 years from October 31, 2016 for the KFC and Pizza Hut brands and, subject to achieving certain agreed-upon milestones, 50 years from April 15, 2022 for the Taco Bell brand, with automatic renewals for additional consecutive renewal terms of 50 years each, subject only to us being in good standing and unless we give notice of our intent not to renew. In exchange, we pay a license fee to YUM equal to 3 of net system sales of the licensed brands. We have also agreed generally not to compete with YUM. In addition, we were granted a right of first refusal to develop and franchise in the PRC certain restaurant concepts that YUM may develop or acquire. On April 15, 2022, the Company and YUM, through their respective subsidiaries, entered into an amendment to the master license agreement to amend the development milestones for the Taco Bell brand. We have satisfied the measurement condition for the end of 2022, and we are committed to expanding the Taco Bell store network to at least 225 stores by the end of 2025. Subject to achieving these milestones, the Company will have the exclusive right to operate and sublicense the Taco Bell brand in China for 50 years. 
 
 We were granted by YUM a royalty-free license to use the name and mark of YUM as part of our name, domain name and stock identification symbol pursuant to a name license agreement entered into between YUM and us on October 31, 2016. The name license agreement can be terminated by YUM in the event of, among other things, material breach of the agreement by us. Our use of certain other material intellectual property (including intellectual property in product recipes, restaurant operation and restaurant design) is likewise governed by the master license agreement with YUM. 
 
 We own registered trademarks and service marks relating to the Little Sheep, Huang Ji Huang, COFFii JOY and East Dawning brands and pay no license fee related to these brands. Collectively, these licensed and owned marks have significant value and are important to our business. Our policy is to pursue registration of our important intellectual property rights whenever feasible and to oppose vigorously any infringement of our rights. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Data from the National Bureau of Statistics of China indicates that sales in the consumer food service market in China totaled approximately 655 billion in 2022. Industry conditions vary by region, with local Chinese restaurants and western chains present, but we possess the largest market share (as measured by system sales). While branded QSR units per million population in China are well below that of the United States, competition in China is increasing. We compete with respect to food taste, quality, value, service, convenience, restaurant location and concept, including delivery and shared kitchens. The restaurant business is often affected by changes in consumer tastes; national, regional or local economic conditions; demographic trends; traffic patterns; the type, number and location of competing restaurants; and disposable income. We compete not only for consumers but also for management and hourly personnel and suitable restaurant sites. KFC s competitors in China are primarily western QSR brands such as McDonald s, Dicos and Burger King, and to a lesser extent, domestic QSR brands in China. Pizza Hut primarily competes with western CDR brands, including Domino s and Papa John s, as well as other domestic CDR brands in China. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Due to the nature of our operations, we typically generate higher sales during Chinese festivities, holiday seasons as well as summer months, but relatively lower sales and lower operating profit during the second and fourth quarters. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had more than 400,000 employees, including approximately 145,000 full-time employees and approximately 261,000 part-time restaurant crew members. Our full-time employees primarily included 34,000 restaurant management team members and 103,000 restaurant crew members. 
 
 16 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Our board of directors provides oversight on certain human capital matters, including inclusion and diversity, management succession planning, and our employee rewards and benefits program. Under the board s oversight, the Company regularly conducts a people planning review to attract, retain and develop a workforce that aligns with our values and strategies. 
 
 Culture and People Philosophy 
 
 The Company is committed to the People First philosophy by implementing our principle of Fair, Care, Pride. In 2022, we released our Human Rights Policy, highlighting our commitment to create a workplace and a community that respect and protect human rights, which includes providing a discrimination-free and harassment-free workplace, ensuring fair compensation, creating a safe and healthy working environment, encouraging a diverse and inclusive culture, equipping employees with future employability, respecting employees freedom of association, prohibiting child labor and forced labor and engaging with the communities we serve and our stakeholders. Our Human Rights Policy is consistent with Yum China s Code of Conduct. 
 
 The Company endorses the Universal Declaration of Human Rights adopted by the United Nations and international human rights conventions, including the International Labor Organization Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. We proactively identify, prevent and mitigate human rights risks in the Company and throughout the value chain. The Company implements whistleblower policies to detect and deter violations of employees rights, and investigates, addresses and responds to concerns raised by employees and takes appropriate corrective actions. 
 
 Diversity, Inclusion and Equal Opportunities 
 
 The Company is committed to fostering a working environment that is professional, inclusive and non-discriminatory for employees to unleash their potential. In our workplaces, differences are understood, appreciated and encouraged. Each employee, without regard to race, religion, color, age, gender or gender identity, disability, military or veteran status, sexual orientation, citizenship or national origin, is provided with fair opportunity on the Company s diverse platform. 
 
 Gender Equality 
 
 The Company is committed to gender equality by providing fair recruitment, training and promotion opportunities for all employees. By the end of 2022, our female employees represented more than 50 of the total workforce. The Company continues to make progress in nurturing talented leaders across all management levels. By the end of 2022, women holding director and above positions represented 53 of our senior management workforce. In 2023, the Company was named to the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index for the fifth consecutive year. 
 
 Barrier-free and Inclusive Workplace for People with Disabilities 
 
 The Company strives to create a barrier-free and inclusive workplace for people with disabilities. The Company piloted the first Angel Restaurant in 2012, using modified equipment and operational processes, and provides training to assist angel employees those with special needs to perform a full range of jobs. By the end of 2022, we had opened 30 Angel Restaurants in 27 cities, providing jobs for nearly 200 people with special needs. 
 
 Training and Development 
 
 The Company values the growth of employees and continuously nurtures top talent through a systematic training system. Every employee is required to formulate a specific development goal to improve their competencies in addition to completing the key objectives of the role. We prepare employees not just for fulfilling current job requirements, but also for more challenging expanded job responsibilities in the future. In 2022, the number of total training hours totaled around 9 million. 
 
 Building Talent Pipeline 
 
 The Company is well-known for its career development path the Bench Planning which enables most operation leaders to grow from within. Two signature programs the KFC Business School and the Pizza Hut Management Institute - provide systematic training and development opportunities. A new college graduate can advance to RGMs in less than two years by participating in these programs and acquiring the operational, financial and managerial knowledge required for operating a restaurant. In the long run, the programs lay a solid foundation for their future success. 
 
 17 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

The Company offers a tailored and fast-tracked YUMC Management Trainee Program for fresh graduate trainees in its marketing and supply chain functions. Through job rotations and targeted trainings, they are offered an opportunity to gain a thorough understanding of the business and build a foundation for becoming industry-leading professionals. 
 
 Digitally-powered Training Platform 
 
 Our training programs have tapped into the digitalization trends through the mobile learning platform, with the goal of equipping employees with the knowledge and skills necessary in the digital era and enabling their sustainable career development. The employees can easily access these training programs, even during the pandemic when face-to-face training may not be available. 
 
 Continuing Education Program 
 
 The Company sponsors a continuing education program to help employees obtain college degrees. By the end of 2022, around 5,000 employees were granted subsidies and achieved higher education degrees through our continuing education program. In addition, the Company also provides scholarships for eligible employees to achieve postgraduate degrees. 
 
 Total Rewards and Employee Benefits 
 
 The Company is committed to equal pay for equal work. Based on annual market research, it provides employees with fair and competitive compensation and benefits, recognizing and rewarding their contributions, performance and efforts. 
 
 In line with relevant labor laws and regulations, we provide full-time employees with pension insurance, medical insurance, unemployment insurance, work injury insurance and maternity insurance. Part-time employees are covered by employer liability insurance. Employees also enjoy paid leaves in accordance with labor laws. 
 
 The Company has launched equity incentive schemes such as CEO Awards and RGM Restricted Stock Units (RSUs). The scheme is part of Yum China s long-standing commitment to its RGM No. 1 corporate culture. The Company believes that its RGMs serve as the most important leaders and are key contributors to its long-term success. In 2016, Yum China announced a grant of RSUs valued at 2,000 to each qualified RGM. As of the end of 2022, this program has allowed more than 12,500 RGMs to become stockholders of Yum China. In addition, the Company granted RSUs valued at 3,000 to all eligible RGMs starting in February 2021, covering approximately 4,000 RGMs. The turnover rate of RGMs was around 9 in 2022. 
 
 Recognizing the tremendous effort of our employees especially in navigating the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company has established the Yum China Employee Mutual Aid Fund to offer financial assistance to employees in need. Fully financed by the Company, the RMB 10 million fund will provide monetary support to employees in the event of emergencies, critical illness or financial difficulties. The fund adds to the Company s well-recognized employee care program, including the RMB 1 million medical insurance coverage for each RGM, family care scheme for restaurant management teams, and critical illness insurance for service team leaders. 
 
 For office staff, the Company operates its flexible benefit platform, covering more than 6,000 employees. The platform allows employees to select benefits based on their individual needs, including family medical insurance, medical examination and recreational activities. Both office staff and RGMs are covered by the Company s housing subsidy scheme. 
 
 Health and Safety 
 
 Protecting the health and safety of employees is the Company's top priority. Leveraging the Yum China Occupational Health and Safety OH S Management System, we provide necessary education, training, equipment and resources to help ensure that our employees, customers and partners fully understand and comply with relevant regulations, policies and procedures. We have also clearly defined the structure and accountability for the effective management of OH S in Yum China. The Company regularly inspects and upgrades employees protective equipment, carries out workplace safety reviews, and trains all employees on operational procedures and safety precautions. 
 
 In addition, Yum China s Employee Assistance Program EAP continues to provide professional counseling and educational sessions to promote employees physical and mental health. For example, by leveraging the EAP program, the Company was able to offer stress management tips to employees when they underwent quarantine during the pandemic. 
 
 18 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Engagement and Wellbeing 
 
 The Top Employers Institute has certified the Company as a Top Employer China for the fifth consecutive year. Yum China s 2023 Top Employer China ranking is the best in the restaurant industry in China. 
 
 The Company maintains multiple communication channels with employees, including organizational forums such as RGM Convention and Founders Day. The Company also ensures effective communication of business strategies and corporate messages through various digital platforms such as corporate WeChat, Apps and intranet portals. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 We strive to reduce the environmental impact of our business activities by incorporating sustainability into the daily operations of our restaurants, as well as focusing our efforts on climate action, circular economy and supply chain environmental impact. 
 
 Climate Action 
 
 Our commitment to enhance climate action tops the list of our environmental sustainability priorities. We are committed to reaching net-zero value chain GHG emissions by 2050, and have set near-term science-based targets (SBTs) by 2035. 
 
 Our near-term SBTs are: 
 Reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 63 by 2035 from a 2020 base year. 

Reduce Scope 3 GHG emissions from purchased goods 66.3 per ton of goods purchased by 2035 from a 2020 base year. 

We have developed a 1.5 C-aligned decarbonization strategy and roadmap, focusing on energy efficiency improvement, renewable energy investment and supplier engagement. We identified and assessed climate-related risks and opportunities in our operations and value chain in line with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosure TCFD ), and released our first TCFD report in 2022. In 2022, we also participated in the CDP Questionnaire for the second year. 
 
 Circular Economy 
 
 Food Loss and Waste 
 
 We are working toward the goal of a 10 reduction of our food waste per restaurant by 2030, as compared to a 2020 baseline, by exploring innovative initiatives for food loss reduction across different stages of the value chain. For example, we use AI/IoT technology to improve sales forecasting accuracy and inventory management, increase the proportion of cold chain transportation and use smaller fryers to avoid excessive cooking. We continue to promote and extend our food bank project by establishing pick-up stations at more restaurants under more brands, providing surplus food for free to residents in need. We also strive to explore solutions to recycle and reuse waste, such as recycling used cooking oil as resources in the Company s value chain through collaboration with various stakeholders. 
 
 Sustainable Packaging 
 
 We continue to reduce packaging and waste through design optimization, material replacement, and innovative application methods. We are committed to ensuring that 100 of customer facing, plastic-based packaging is recyclable. We are working toward our target of a 30 reduction of non-degradable plastic packaging weight by 2025, as compared to a 2019 baseline. 
 
 Supply Chain Environmental Impact 
 
 Building a sustainable supply chain is a key component of our sustainability strategy. We have set an ambitious goal to achieve a zero-deforestation supply chain. By continuously strengthening traceability in the upstream supply chain, we strive to source in a sustainable way, including our goal of sourcing 100 RSPO-certified palm oil, as well as 100 FSC-certified paper packaging by 2025. 
 
 19 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Nutrition 
 
 We advocate a balanced diet and healthy eating habits through product innovation, variety in offerings, industry communication, public education and other relevant measures. We have increased the offering of grains, fruits, vegetables and beans in our menus to promote balanced food choices. We have collaborated with scientific institutions to promote dietary health for 15 years. Chinese Nutrition Society - Yum China Dietary Health Foundation has now become one of the largest and most influential special research foundations in China in the field of health and nutrition. We also cooperate with the China Foundation for Rural Development to encourage public donations to improve child nutrition in rural areas. 
 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 
 The executive officers of the Company as of February 28, 2023, and their ages and current positions as of that date, are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 

Title 

Joey Wat 

51 

Chief Executive Officer 

Andy Yeung 

50 

Chief Financial Officer 

Warton Wang 

48 

General Manager, KFC 

Jeff Kuai 

42 

General Manager, Pizza Hut 

Duoduo (Howard) Huang 

50 

Chief Supply Chain Officer 

Johnson Huang 

60 

Chief Customer Officer 

Leila Zhang 

54 

Chief Technology Officer 

Joseph Chan 

54 

Chief Legal Officer 

Aiken Yuen 

63 

Chief People Officer 

Xueling Lu 

49 

Controller and Principal Accounting Officer 

Joey Wat has served as our Chief Executive Officer since March 2018 and as a member of our board of directors since July 2017. She served as our President and Chief Operating Officer from February 2017 to February 2018 and the Chief Executive Officer, KFC from October 2016 to February 2017, a position she held at Yum! Restaurants China, from August 2015 to October 2016. Ms. Wat joined Yum! Restaurants China in September 2014 as President of KFC China and was promoted to Chief Executive Officer for KFC China in August 2015. Before joining YUM, Ms. Wat served in both management and strategy positions at A.S. Watson Group Watson ), an international health, beauty and lifestyle retailer, in the U.K. from 2004 to 2014. Her last position at Watson was managing director of Watson Health Beauty U.K., which operates Superdrug and Savers, two retail chains specializing in the sale of pharmacy and health and beauty products, from 2012 to 2014. She made the transition from head of strategy of Watson in Europe to managing director of Savers in 2007. Before joining Watson, Ms. Wat spent seven years in management consulting including with McKinsey Company s Hong Kong office from 2000 to 2003. Ms. Wat was ranked number 34 on Forbes World s Most Powerful Women list in 2020, named by FORTUNE magazine as one of the Top 25 China Most Powerful Women in Business in 2017, 2018 and 2020, and the Top 50 Most Powerful Women in International Business in 2018, 2019, 2020. She was also named to Business Insider 100 People Transforming Business Asia List in 2020. 
 
 Andy Yeung has served as our Chief Financial Officer since October 2019. Prior to joining Yum China, Mr. Yeung served as the chief financial officer of Smart Finance International Limited, a financial technology company, from April 2017 to August 2019. Between January 2014 and March 2017, he served as the chief financial officer of Cheetah Mobile Inc., a NYSE-listed mobile internet company (NYSE: CMCM) where he led its successful IPO and built its finance, internal control and investor relations functions. From 2009 to 2013, Mr. Yeung worked at Oppenheimer Co. Inc. as director, executive director and then managing director, responsible for research coverage of the internet and media sectors in China. From 2004 to 2009, Mr. Yeung was an associate in equity research at Thomas Weisel Partners. He has been a Chartered Financial Analyst charterholder since 2001. 
 
 Warton Wang has served as the General Manager, KFC since May 2022. Mr. Wang served as our Chief Development Officer from July 2020 to June 2022. Mr. Wang joined KFC as an operations management trainee in 1998. He was promoted to Market Manager of KFC in 2007 and was appointed as a Regional Vice President, KFC Field Operations in 2015. 
 
 Jeff Kuai has served as the General Manager, Pizza Hut since November 2017. Mr. Kuai previously served as the General Manager, Pizza Hut Home Service from October 2016 to October 2017, a position he held at Yum! Restaurants China from January 2015 to October 2016. From March 2012 to August 2013, Mr. Kuai was Director of Delivery Support Center for Yum! Restaurants China, where he was instrumental in building its online ordering and e-commerce capabilities. Prior to that, Mr. Kuai spent nine years in the information technology department of Yum! Restaurants China, enhancing its information technology infrastructure and productivity. 
 
 20 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Duoduo (Howard) Huang has served as our Chief Supply Chain Officer since November 2021. Mr. Huang served as Vice President, Pizza Hut Regional Operations, from June 2018 to November 2021. Before transferring to Pizza Hut, Mr. Huang held various leadership positions in KFC, including as General Manager of Nanjing and Wuxi markets. Mr. Huang joined Yum! Restaurants China in 1995. 
 
 Johnson Huang has served as our Chief Customer Officer since May 2022. Mr. Huang served as the General Manager, KFC from February 2017 to April 2022. He served as our Chief Information and Marketing Support Officer from October 2016 to February 2017, a position he held at Yum! Restaurants China from September 2014 to October 2016. Mr. Huang joined YUM in 2006 to lead the information technology department in China. He served as vice president of information technology from September 2008 to January 2013 and Chief Information Officer from January 2013 to September 2014. Mr. Huang has been the key architect of Yum! Restaurants China s digital strategy and information technology roadmap in China. Prior to joining YUM, Mr. Huang held various information technology and business leadership positions with Capgemini Asia Pacific Pte, Ltd. in Taiwan and the greater China region. 
 
 Leila Zhang has served as our Chief Technology Officer since March 2018. Ms. Zhang served as Vice President, Information Technology from October 2016 to March 2018, a position she held at Yum! Restaurants China from 2014 to October 2016. Ms. Zhang joined YUM in 1996, held various positions in the information technology department, and began leading the department in February 2017. Prior to joining YUM, Ms. Zhang was an engineer with Inventec Electronics (Shanghai) from 1992 to 1996. 
 
 Joseph Chan has served as our Chief Legal Officer since June 2019. Prior to joining Yum China, Mr. Chan was a partner at Sidley Austin, a U.S. based international law firm, in Shanghai, from November 2010 to May 2019, where he managed and executed large complex multi-jurisdictional legal matters with a focus on mergers and acquisitions and corporate finance transactions across a variety of industries. In addition, Mr. Chan spent over a decade with Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman, a U.S. based international law firm, in San Francisco and Shanghai, initially as an associate and then a partner. He established the Shanghai office of Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman in 2006 and served in various leadership positions, including serving as its inaugural managing partner. Mr. Chan is admitted to the bar in California and Pennsylvania in the U.S. and British Columbia in Canada. For many consecutive years he was ranked and recommended by Chambers Asia, IFLR and Legal 500 as a leading lawyer in Asia. 
 
 Aiken Yuen has served as our Chief People Officer since March 2018. Mr. Yuen served as Vice President, Human Resources of Yum China from October 2016 to February 2018, a position he held at Yum! Restaurants China from March 2012 to October 2016. Mr. Yuen joined YUM in 2008 as the Talent Management and Development Director. Prior to joining YUM, Mr. Yuen served in senior HR management positions at American International Group AIG in Hong Kong from 1998 to 2008. His last position at AIG was Vice President, Human Resources of AIA, AIG s life insurance business unit for South East Asia. He was responsible for overall human resources strategy formulation and execution for AIA s Head Office in Hong Kong and its operations in six Asian countries. Before that, he was the Senior Manager of Training and Development with Standard Chartered Bank from 1996 to 1998 and Manager of Management Training with HSBC from 1994 to 1996. 
 
 Xueling Lu has served as our Controller and Principal Accounting Officer since January 2018. Ms. Lu previously served as Senior Director, Finance of Yum China, a position she held since she joined the Company in November 2016. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Lu was the Asia Pacific Controller of Lear Corporation from 2013 to 2016. Before joining Lear Corporation, Ms. Lu spent 10 years in public accounting with Ernst Young, specializing in audits and initial public offerings of companies listed in the U.S., SEC reporting and Sarbanes-Oxley compliance. Ms. Lu is a certified public accountant in California and a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 
 
 21 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Enforceability 
 
 Our executive officers, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and a majority of our directors reside within mainland China and/or Hong Kong or spend significant amounts of time in mainland China and/or Hong Kong. As a result, it may not be possible to effect service of process upon these persons, to obtain information from such persons necessary for investigations or lawsuits, or to bring lawsuits or enforcement actions or enforce judgments against such persons. For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China There may be difficulties in effecting service of legal process, conducting investigations, collecting evidence, enforcing foreign judgments or bringing original actions in China based on United States or other foreign laws against us and our management. 
 
 Our History 
 
 Yum China was incorporated in Delaware on April 1, 2016. The Company separated from YUM on October 31, 2016 (the separation ), becoming an independent, publicly traded company as a result of a pro rata distribution (the distribution of all outstanding shares of Yum China common stock to shareholders of YUM. On October 31, 2016, YUM s shareholders of record as of 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on October 19, 2016 received one share of Yum China common stock for every one share of YUM common stock held as of the record date. Common stock of Yum China began trading regular way under the ticker symbol YUMC on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE on November 1, 2016. On September 10, 2020, the Company completed its secondary listing on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange HKEX under the stock code 9987, in connection with a global offering (the Global Offering of shares of its common stock. On October 24, 2022, the Company s voluntary conversion of its secondary listing status to a primary listing status on the HKEX became effective and the Company became a dual primary listed company on the NYSE and HKEX. On the same day, the Company s shares of common stock traded on the HKEX were included in the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 For important news and information regarding Yum China, including our filings with the SEC and the HKEX, visit Yum China s Investor Relations website at http://ir.yumchina.com. Yum China uses this website as a primary channel for disclosing key information to its investors, some of which may contain material and previously non-public information. 
 
 The Company makes available through the Investor Relations website its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing such material with the SEC. These reports may also be obtained by visiting the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov . 
 
 The reference to the Company s website address and the SEC s website address is for informational purposes only, does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on the websites and should not be considered part of this Form 10-K. These documents, as well as our SEC filings, are available in print free of charge to any stockholder who requests a copy from our Investor Relations Department by contacting Yum China at 101 East Park Boulevard, Suite 805, Plano, Texas 75074 United States of America, Attention: Investor Relations. 
 
 22 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Item 1A. Ris k Factors. 
 
 You should carefully consider each of the following risks, as well as the information included elsewhere in this report, before deciding to invest in our common stock or otherwise in connection with evaluating our business. Based on the information currently known to us, we believe that the following information identifies the most material risk factors affecting us in each of these categories of risk. However, additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. If any of the following risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline. 
 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 
 We are exposed to a variety of risks, which have been separated into five general groups: 
 Risks related to our business and industry, including (a) food safety and foodborne illness concerns, (b) significant failure to maintain effective quality assurance systems for our restaurants, (c) significant liability claims, food contamination complaints from our customers or reports of incidents of food tampering, (d) health concerns arising from outbreaks of viruses or other illnesses, including the COVID-19 pandemic, (e) the fact that the operation of our restaurants is subject to the terms of the master license agreement with YUM, (f) the fact that substantially all of our revenue is derived from our operations in China, (g) the fact that our success is tied to the success of YUM s brand strength, marketing campaigns and product innovation, (h) shortages or interruptions in the availability and delivery of food products and other supplies, (i) fluctuation of raw materials prices, (j) our inability to attain our target development goals, the potential cannibalization of existing sales by aggressive development and the possibility that new restaurants will not be profitable, (k) risks associated with leasing real estate, (l) inability to obtain desirable restaurant locations on commercially reasonable terms, (m) labor shortages or increases in labor costs, (n) the fact that our success depends substantially on our corporate reputation and on the value and perception of our brands, (o) the occurrence of security breaches and cyber-attacks, (p) failure to protect the integrity and security of our customer or employee personal, financial or other data or our proprietary or confidential information that is stored in our information systems or by third parties on our behalf, (q) failures or interruptions of service or security breaches in our information technology systems, (r) the fact that our business depends on the performance of, and our long-term relationships with, third-party mobile payment processors, internet infrastructure operators, internet service providers and delivery aggregators, (s) failure to provide timely and reliable delivery services by our restaurants, (t) our growth strategy with respect to Lavazza may not be successful, (u) the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions may not be realized in a timely manner or at all, (v) challenges and risks related to our new retail and e-commerce businesses, (w) our inability or failure to recognize, respond to and effectively manage the impact of social media, (x) failure to comply with anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, (y) U.S. federal income taxes, changes in tax rates, disagreements with tax authorities and imposition of new taxes, (z) changes in consumer discretionary spending and general economic conditions, (aa) the fact that the restaurant industry in which we operate is highly competitive, (bb) loss of or failure to obtain or renew any or all of the approvals, licenses and permits to operate our business, (cc) our inability to adequately protect the intellectual property we own or have the right to use, (dd) our licensor s failure to protect its intellectual property, (ee) seasonality and certain major events in China, (ff) our failure to detect, deter and prevent all instances of fraud or other misconduct committed by our employees, customers or other third parties, (gg) the fact that our success depends on the continuing efforts of our key management and experienced and capable personnel as well as our ability to recruit new talent, (hh) our strategic investments or acquisitions may be unsuccessful; (ii) our investment in technology and innovation may not generate the expected level of returns, (jj) fair value changes for our investment in equity securities and lower yields of our short-term investments may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations, and (kk) our operating results may be adversely affected by our investment in unconsolidated affiliates; 

Risks related to doing business in China, including (a) changes in Chinese political policies and economic and social policies or conditions, (b) uncertainties with respect to the interpretation and enforcement of Chinese laws, rules and regulations, which may be subject to change from time to time with little advance notice, and the risk that the PRC government may intervene or influence our operations at any time, which could result in a material change in our operations and/or the value of our securities to decline, (c) the audit report included in this Form 10-K is prepared by auditors who are located in China, and in the event the PCAOB is unable to inspect our auditors, our common stock will be subject to potential delisting from the New York Stock Exchange, (d) changes in political, business, economic and trade relations between the United States and China, (e) fluctuation in the value of the Chinese Renminbi, (f) the fact that we face increasing focus on environmental sustainability issues, (g) limitation on our ability to utilize our cash balances effectively, including making funds held by our China-based subsidiaries unavailable for use outside of mainland China, due to interventions in or the imposition of 

23 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

restrictions and limitations by the PRC government on currency conversion and payments of foreign currency and RMB out of mainland China, (h) changes in the laws and regulations of China or noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations, (i) reliance on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our principal subsidiaries in China to fund offshore cash requirements, (j) potential unfavorable tax consequences resulting from our classification as a China resident enterprise for Chinese enterprise income tax purposes, (k) uncertainty regarding indirect transfers of equity interests in China resident enterprises and enhanced scrutiny by Chinese tax authorities, (l) difficulties in effecting service of legal process, conducting investigations, collecting evidence, enforcing foreign judgments or bringing original actions in China against us, (m) the Chinese government may determine that the variable interest entity structure of Daojia does not comply with Chinese laws on foreign investment in restricted industries, (n) inability to use properties due to defects caused by non-registration of lease agreements related to certain properties, (o) risk in relation to unexpected land acquisitions, building closures or demolitions, (p) potential fines and other legal or administrative sanctions for failure to comply with Chinese regulations regarding our employee equity incentive plans and various employee benefit plans, (q) proceedings instituted by the SEC against certain China-based accounting firms, including our independent registered public accounting firm, could result in our financial statements being determined to not be in compliance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, (r) restrictions on our ability to make loans or additional capital contributions to our Chinese subsidiaries due to Chinese regulation of loans to, and direct investment in, Chinese entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion, (s) difficulties in pursuing growth through acquisitions due to regulations regarding acquisitions, and (t) the PRC government has significant oversight and discretion to exert control over offerings of securities conducted outside of China and over foreign investment in China-based issuers, and may limit or completely hinder our ability to offer securities to investors, or cause the value of our securities to significantly decline; these risks are each discussed in detail in the section Risks Related to Doing Business in China. 

Risks related to the separation and related transactions, including (a) incurring significant tax liabilities if the distribution does not qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes and the Company could be required to indemnify YUM for material taxes and other related amounts pursuant to indemnification obligations under the tax matters agreement, (b) being obligated to indemnify YUM for material taxes and related amounts pursuant to indemnification obligations under the tax matters agreement if YUM is subject to Chinese indirect transfer tax with respect to the distribution, (c) potential indemnification liabilities owing to YUM pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement, (d) the indemnity provided by YUM to us with respect to certain liabilities in connection with the separation may be insufficient to insure us against the full amount of such liabilities, (e) the possibility that a court would require that we assume responsibility for obligations allocated to YUM under the separation and distribution agreement, and (f) potential liabilities due to fraudulent transfer considerations; 

Risks related to our common stock, including (a) the fact that we cannot guarantee the timing or amount of dividends on, or repurchases of, our common stock, (b) the impact on the trading prices of our common stock due to different characteristics of the capital markets in Hong Kong and the U.S., (c) different interests between Primavera and Ant Financial and other holders of our common stock, and (d) the existence of anti-takeover provisions that may discourage or delay acquisition attempts that you might consider favorable; and 

General risk factors. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 
 Food safety and foodborne illness concerns may have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. 
 
 Foodborne illnesses, such as E. coli, hepatitis A and salmonella, have occurred and may re-occur within our system from time to time. In addition, food safety issues such as food tampering, contamination and adulteration occur or may occur within our system from time to time. Any report or publicity linking us, our competitors, our restaurants, including restaurants operated by us or our franchisees, to instances of foodborne illness or food safety issues could adversely affect our restaurants brands and reputations as well as our revenues and profits and possibly lead to product liability claims, litigation and damages. If a customer of our restaurants becomes ill from foodborne illnesses or as a result of food safety issues, restaurants in our system may be temporarily closed, which would decrease our revenues. In addition, instances or allegations of foodborne illness or food safety issues, real or perceived, involving our or YUM s restaurants, restaurants of competitors, or suppliers or distributors (regardless of whether we use or have used those suppliers or distributors), or otherwise involving the types of food served at our restaurants, could result in negative publicity that could adversely affect our sales. The occurrence of foodborne illnesses or food safety issues could also adversely affect the price and availability of affected ingredients, which could result in disruptions in our supply chain and/or lower margins for us and our franchisees. 
 
 24 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

In October 2019, China s State Council amended the Regulation for the Implementation of the Food Safety Law (the Regulation of Food Safety Law ), which became effective on December 1, 2019. The Regulation of Food Safety Law outlines detailed rules for food safety assessment, food safety standards, food production and food business, food inspection and other matters. Pursuant to the Regulation of Food Safety Law, certain violations of the food safety law may result in severe administrative and criminal penalties imposed on the Company, as well as its legal representatives, senior management members and other employees. If penalties are imposed on our senior management members, they may be prevented from performing their duties at the Company, which could in turn negatively affect our business operations. Such penalties could also have a material adverse impact on the Company s reputation. 
 
 Any significant failure to maintain effective quality assurance systems for our restaurants could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The quality and safety of the food we serve is critical to our success. Maintaining consistent food quality depends significantly on the effectiveness of our and our franchisees quality assurance systems, which in turn depends on a number of factors, including the design of our quality control systems and employee implementation and compliance with those quality control policies and guidelines. Our quality assurance systems include, but are not limited to, supplier/food processing plant quality assurance, logistics quality assurance, and restaurant quality assurance. There can be no assurance that our and our franchisees quality assurance systems will prove to be effective. Any significant failure of or deviation from these quality assurance systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Any significant liability claims, food contamination complaints from our customers or reports of incidents of food tampering could adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Being in the restaurant industry, we face an inherent risk of food contamination and liability claims. Our food quality depends partly on the quality of the food ingredients and raw materials provided by our suppliers, and we may not be able to detect all defects in our supplies. Any food contamination occurring in raw materials at our suppliers food processing plants or during the transportation from food processing plants to our restaurants that we fail to detect or prevent could adversely affect the quality of the food served in our restaurants. Due to the scale of our and our franchisees operations, we also face the risk that certain of our and our franchisees employees may not adhere to our mandated quality procedures and requirements. Any failure to detect defective food supplies, or observe proper hygiene, cleanliness and other quality control requirements or standards in our operations could adversely affect the quality of the food we offer at our restaurants, which could lead to liability claims, complaints and related adverse publicity, reduced customer traffic at our restaurants, the imposition of penalties against us or our franchisees by relevant authorities and compensation awards by courts. Our sales have been significantly impacted by adverse publicity relating to supplier actions over the past decade. For example, our sales and perception of our brands were significantly impacted following adverse publicity relating to the failure of certain upstream poultry suppliers to meet our standards in late 2012 as well as adverse publicity relating to improper food handling practices by another supplier in mid-2014. There can be no assurance that similar incidents will not occur again in the future or that we will not receive any food contamination claims or defective products from our suppliers in the future. Any such incidents could materially harm our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Health concerns arising from outbreaks of viruses or other illnesses may have a material adverse effect on our business. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, adverse effects on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 Our business could be materially and adversely affected by the outbreak of a widespread health epidemic, such as COVID-19, avian flu or African swine flu. Outbreaks of contagious illness occur from time to time around the world, including in China where virtually all of our restaurants are located. The occurrence of such an outbreak or other adverse public health developments in China could materially disrupt our business and operations, including if government authorities impose mandatory closures, seek voluntary closures or impose restrictions on operations of restaurants. Furthermore, the risk of contracting viruses or other illnesses that may be transmitted through human contact could cause employees or guests to avoid gathering in public places or interacting with other people, which could materially and adversely affect restaurant guest traffic or the ability to adequately staff restaurants. An outbreak could also cause disruption in our supply chain, increase our raw material costs, increase operational complexity and adversely impact our ability to provide safety measures to protect our employees and customers, which could materially and adversely affect our continuous operations. Our operating costs may also increase as a result of taking precautionary measures to protect the health and wellbeing of our customers and employees during an outbreak. If an outbreak reaches pandemic levels, there may also be long-term effects on the economies of affected countries. Any of the foregoing within China would severely disrupt our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 25 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

For example, starting in the first quarter of 2020 and throughout 2021 and 2022, the COVID-19 pandemic significantly impacted the restaurant industry in China. Strict public health measures were implemented across the country, including mass testing, regional lockdowns and travel restrictions. These actions led to reduced travel, fewer social activities and softened consumption demand. During peak outbreak periods, hundreds of millions of people were under some type of lockdown in multiple regions in China. The COVID-19 pandemic significantly affected the Company s operations, resulting in severe impact on our financial results mainly driven by same-store sales declines and temporary store closures. 
 
 In 2022, severe COVID-19 outbreaks in China resulted in significant disruptions to our business operations. During April and May 2022, over 2,500 of our stores in China, on average, were either temporarily closed or offered only takeaway and delivery services. During such period, same-store sales declined by more than 20 year over year. In October and November 2022, sporadic occurrences of COVID infections quickly evolved into major regional outbreaks, leading to tightened COVID-related health measures and lockdowns. The number of our stores that were either temporarily closed or offered only takeaway and delivery services reached a peak of over 4,300 stores in late November 2022. In December 2022, the government issued a series of new COVID response guidelines that significantly changed its COVID policies, including removing mass testing and central quarantine requirements as well as lifting travel restrictions. Due to widespread infections following the relaxation of COVID restrictions, we experienced a shortage of restaurant staff, which led to over 1,300 stores on average being either temporarily closed or offering limited services in December 2022. As a significant portion of the population was either infected or chose to stay home to avoid infection, dine-in traffic declined substantially. 
 
 We expect that our operations will continue to be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Experiences in other countries suggest that further outbreaks following relaxation of COVID restrictions and emergence of different COVID variants may occur. A portion of the population may remain cautious about going out in public. In addition, consumers tend to be more careful with spending after holidays. It remains difficult to predict how consumer behavior will change in the long-term. The extent to which our operations continue to be impacted by the pandemic will depend largely on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted, including resurgences and further spread of existing or new COVID-19 variants, actions by the government authorities to contain the pandemic or treat its impact, the economic recovery within China and globally, the impact on consumer behavior and other related factors. Our insurance policy does not cover any losses we incur as a result of the pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic also may have the effect of heightening other risks disclosed in the Risk Factors section of this report, such as, but not limited to, those related to supply chain management, labor shortage and cost, cybersecurity threats, as well as consumer perceptions of our brands. 
 
 Even if a virus or other illness does not spread significantly, the perceived risk of infection or health risk may affect our business. Our operations could also be disrupted if any of our employees or employees of our business partners were suspected of having a contagious illness or susceptible to becoming infected with a contagious illness, since this could require us or our business partners to screen and/or quarantine some or all of such employees or disinfect our restaurant facilities. 
 
 With respect to the avian flu, public concern over an outbreak may cause fear about the consumption of chicken, eggs and other products derived from poultry, which could cause customers to consume less poultry and related products. This would likely result in lower revenues and profits. Avian flu outbreaks could also adversely affect the price and availability of poultry, which could negatively impact our profit margins and revenues. 
 
 The operation of our restaurants is subject to the terms of the master license agreement which, if terminated or limited, would materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Under the master license agreement with YUM, we are required to meet a Sales Growth Metric, which requires the average annual Gross Revenue (as defined in the master license agreement) for each of the KFC, Pizza Hut and Taco Bell brands for each rolling five (5) calendar year period throughout the term of the master license agreement Measurement Period ), beginning January 1, 2017, to exceed the annual Gross Revenue of the calendar year immediately preceding the corresponding Measurement Period Benchmark Year ), unless otherwise agreed by the parties. To illustrate, the first Measurement Period was January 1, 2017 through December 31, 2021 (corresponding to the first Benchmark Year of January 1, 2016 through December 31, 2016) and the second Measurement Period is January 1, 2018 through December 31, 2022 (corresponding to the second Benchmark Year of January 1, 2017 through December 31, 2017). 
 
 26 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

The requirement regarding the Sales Growth Metric began at the end of the first Measurement Period on December 31, 2021. Within an agreed period after the beginning of each calendar year following December 31, 2021, and during the term of the master license agreement, we are required to provide to YUM a written statement with the calculations of the Sales Growth Metric. If our calculations indicate that any of these restaurant brands failed to meet the Sales Growth Metric (an SGM Breach ), there is a mechanism under the master license agreement for us to explain and remediate such breach in good faith. YUM has the right to terminate the master license agreement in the event of an SGM Breach. In the event of two consecutive SGM Breaches for KFC, Pizza Hut or Taco Bell, YUM shall be entitled to exercise its right to eliminate or modify the exclusivity of the license granted to us and conduct and further develop the relevant restaurant brand in our licensed territory or license one or more third parties to do so. 
 
 As a result of factors beyond the Company s control, namely the severe impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, Pizza Hut was not able to meet the Sales Growth Metric for the second Measurement Period ending December 31, 2022, which constitutes a breach of the master license agreement. YUM has waived this SGM Breach. However, Pizza Hut will likely not be able to meet the Sales Growth Metric for the next two Measurement Periods, given the inclusion of three COVID-19 years (2020, 2021 and 2022) in those periods. Unless YUM also waives those additional SGM Breaches, YUM may exercise its rights under the master license agreement described herein. 
 
 The master license agreement may also be terminated upon the occurrence of certain events. We do not believe there has been any material breach of the master license agreement, and we actively monitor our compliance with the terms of the master license agreement on an on-going basis. Under the master license agreement, we have the right to cure any breach of the agreement, except for the dissolution, liquidation, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Company or upon the occurrence of an unauthorized transfer or change of control or other breach that YUM determines will not or cannot be cured. Upon the occurrence of a non-curable breach, YUM will have the right to terminate the master license agreement (or our rights to a particular brand) on delivery of written notice. Upon the occurrence of a curable breach, YUM will provide a notice of breach that sets forth a cure period that is reasonably tailored to the applicable breach. If we do not cure the breach, YUM will have the right to terminate the master license agreement (or our rights to a particular brand). The master license agreement also contemplates remedies other than termination that YUM may use as appropriate. These remedies include: actions for injunctive and/or declaratory relief (including specific performance) and/or damages; limitations on our future development rights or suspension of restaurant operations pending a cure; modification or elimination of our territorial exclusivity; and YUM s right to repurchase from us the business operated under an affected brand at fair market value, less YUM s damages. 
 
 In the second quarter of 2022, we invoked the dispute resolution process pursuant to the master license agreement to resolve a disagreement with YUM over royalties charged on delivery and aggregator platform fees. We took the position, pursuant to the master license agreement, that delivery fees paid by customers for delivery services and commissions paid to third-party aggregator platforms should not be subject to royalties, which YUM believed to be a material breach of the master license agreement. YUM s notice also alleged, for the first time, that the Company had engaged in unauthorized use of YUM s intellectual property under the master license agreement. In December 2022, the parties settled the dispute. 
 
 If the master license agreement were terminated, or any of our license rights were limited, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be materially adversely affected. 
 
 We derive substantially all of our revenue from our operations in China and, as a result, our business is highly exposed to the risks of doing business in China. 
 
 Virtually all of our restaurants are located, and our revenues and profits originate, in China. As a consequence, our financial results are dependent on our results in China, and our business is highly exposed to all of the risks of doing business there. These risks are described further under the section Risks Related to Doing Business in China. 
 
 27 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Our success is tied to the success of YUM s brand strength, marketing campaigns and product innovation. 
 
 The KFC, Pizza Hut and Taco Bell trademarks and related intellectual property are owned by YUM and licensed to us in China, excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. The value of these marks depends on the enforcement of YUM s trademark and intellectual property rights, as well as the strength of YUM s brands. Due to the nature of licensing and our agreements with YUM, our success is, to a large extent, directly related to the success of the YUM brand strength, including the management, marketing and product innovation success of YUM. Further, if YUM were to reallocate resources away from the KFC, Pizza Hut or Taco Bell brands, these brands and the license rights that have been granted to us could be harmed globally or regionally, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our competitiveness in China. In addition, strategic decisions made by YUM management related to its brands, marketing and restaurant systems may not be in our best interests and may conflict with our strategic plans. 
 
 Shortages or interruptions in the availability and delivery of food products and other supplies may increase costs or reduce revenues. 
 
 The products used in the operation of our restaurants are sourced from a wide variety of suppliers inside and outside of China. We are also dependent upon third parties to make frequent deliveries of food products and other supplies that meet our specifications at competitive prices. Shortages or interruptions in the supply of food products and other supplies to our restaurants could adversely affect the availability, quality and cost of items we use and the operations of our restaurants. Such shortages or disruptions could be caused by inclement weather, natural disasters such as floods, drought and hurricanes, increased demand, labor shortages, problems in production or distribution, restrictions on imports or exports, government levies, political instability in the countries in which suppliers and distributors are located, the financial instability of suppliers and distributors, suppliers or distributors failure to meet our standards, product quality issues, inflation, other factors relating to the suppliers and distributors and the countries in which they are located, food safety warnings or advisories or the prospect of such pronouncements or other conditions beyond our control. Despite our efforts in developing multiple suppliers for the same items where and when possible, a shortage or interruption in the availability of certain food products or supplies could still increase costs and limit the availability of products critical to restaurant operations, which in turn could lead to restaurant closures and/or a decrease in sales. In addition, failure by a principal supplier or distributor for us and/or our franchisees to meet its service requirements could lead to a disruption of service or supply until a new supplier or distributor is engaged, and any disruption could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 In addition, we centrally purchase the vast majority of food and paper products, then sell and deliver them to most of our restaurants. We believe this central procurement model allows us to maintain quality control and achieve better prices and terms through volume purchases. However, we may not be able to accurately estimate the demand from franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates, which may result in excessive inventory. We may also not be able to timely collect payments from franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The prices of raw materials fluctuate, which may adversely impact our profit margin. 
 
 Our restaurant business depends on reliable sources of large quantities of raw materials such as protein (including poultry, pork, beef and seafood), cheese, oil, flour and vegetables (including potatoes and lettuce). Our raw materials are subject to price volatility caused by any fluctuation in aggregate supply and demand, or other external conditions, such as changes in international trade policies and international barriers to trade, the emergence of a trade war, climate and environmental conditions where weather conditions or natural events or disasters may affect expected harvests of such raw materials, as well as outbreak of viruses and diseases. For example, in 2019, the price of protein, including poultry, increased significantly in China as a result of the African swine flu . We cannot assure you that we will continue to purchase raw materials at reasonable prices, or that our raw materials prices will remain stable in the future. In addition, because we and our franchisees provide competitively priced food, our ability to pass along commodity price increases to our customers is limited. When commodity prices increase, we may not be able to recover the increased costs through higher pricing in our products. If we are unable to manage the cost of our raw materials or to increase the prices of our products, it may have an adverse impact on our future profit margin. 
 
 28 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

We may not attain our target development goals; aggressive development could cannibalize existing sales; and new restaurants may not be profitable. 
 
 Our growth strategy depends on our ability to build new restaurants in China. We are accelerating our store network expansion to reach our 20,000 store milestone. The successful development of new units depends in large part on our ability to open new restaurants and to operate these restaurants profitably. We cannot guarantee that we, or our franchisees, will be able to achieve our expansion goals or that new restaurants will be operated profitably. Further, there is no assurance that any new restaurant will produce operating results similar to those of our existing restaurants. Other risks which could impact our ability to increase the number of our restaurants include prevailing economic conditions and our or our franchisees ability to obtain suitable restaurant locations, negotiate acceptable lease or purchase terms for the locations, obtain required permits and approvals in a timely manner, hire and train qualified restaurant crews and meet construction schedules. 
 
 In addition, the new restaurants could impact the sales of our existing restaurants nearby. There can be no assurance that sales cannibalization will not occur or become more significant in the future as we increase our presence in existing markets in China. 
 
 Our growth strategy includes expanding our ownership and operation of restaurant units through organic growth by developing new restaurants that meet our investment objectives. We may not be able to achieve our growth objectives, and these new restaurants may not be profitable. The opening and success of new restaurants depends on various factors, including: 
 
 our ability to obtain or self-fund adequate development financing; 

competition in current and future markets; 

our degree of penetration in existing markets; 

the identification and availability of suitable and economically viable locations; 

sales and margin levels at existing restaurants; 

the negotiation of acceptable lease or purchase terms for new locations; 

regulatory compliance regarding restaurant opening and operation; 

the ability to meet construction schedules; 

our ability to hire and retain qualified restaurant crews; and 

general economic and business conditions. 

We are subject to all of the risks associated with leasing real estate, and any adverse developments could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 As a significant number of our restaurants are operating on leased properties, we are exposed to retail rental market conditions. As of year-end 2022, we leased over 10,000 properties in China for our Company-owned restaurants. For information regarding our leased properties, please refer to Item 2. Properties. Accordingly, we are subject to all of the risks generally associated with leasing real estate, including changes in the investment climate for real estate, demographic trends, trade zone shifts, central business district relocations, and supply or demand for the use of the restaurants, as well as potential liability for environmental contamination. 
 
 We generally enter into lease agreements with initial terms of 10 to 20 years. Approximately 6 of our existing lease agreements expire before the end of 2023. Most of our lease agreements contain an early termination clause that permits us to terminate the lease agreement early if the restaurant s unit contribution is negative for a specified period of time. We generally do not have renewal options for our leases and need to negotiate the terms of renewal with the lessor, who may insist on a significant modification to the terms and conditions of the lease agreement. 
 29 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

The rent under the majority of our current restaurant lease agreements is generally payable in one of three ways: (i) fixed rent; (ii) the higher of a fixed base rent or a percentage of the restaurant s annual sales revenue; or (iii) a percentage of the restaurant s annual sales revenue. In addition to increases in rent resulting from fluctuations in annual sales revenue, certain of our lease agreements include provisions specifying fixed increases in rental payments over the respective terms of the lease agreements. While these provisions have been negotiated and are specified in the lease agreement, they will increase our costs of operation and therefore may materially and adversely affect our results of operation and financial condition if we are not able to pass on the increased costs to our customers. Certain of our lease agreements also provide for the payment of a management fee at either a fixed rate or fixed amount per square meter of the relevant leased property. 
 
 Where we do not have an option to renew a lease agreement, we must negotiate the terms of renewal with the lessor, who may insist on a significant modification to the terms and conditions of the lease agreement. If a lease agreement is renewed at a rate substantially higher than the existing rate, or if any existing favorable terms granted by the lessor are not extended, we must determine whether it is desirable to renew on such modified terms. If we are unable to renew leases for our restaurant sites on acceptable terms or at all, we will have to close or relocate the relevant restaurants, which would eliminate the sales that those restaurants would have contributed to our revenues during the period of closure, and could subject us to construction, renovation and other costs and risks. In addition, the revenue and any profit generated after relocation may be less than the revenue and profit previously generated before such relocation. As a result, any inability to obtain leases for desirable restaurant locations or renew existing leases on commercially reasonable terms could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We may not be able to obtain desirable restaurant locations on commercially reasonable terms. 
 
 We compete with other retailers and restaurants for suitable locations, and the market for retail premises is very competitive in China. Our competitors may negotiate more favorable lease terms than our lease terms, and some landlords and developers may offer priority or grant exclusivity to some of our competitors for desirable locations for various reasons beyond our control. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to enter into new lease agreements for prime locations on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If we cannot obtain desirable restaurant locations on commercially reasonable terms, our business, results of operations and ability to implement our growth strategy may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Labor shortages or increases in labor costs could slow our growth and harm our business and results of operations. 
 
 Restaurant operations are highly service-oriented, and our success depends in part upon our ability to attract, retain and motivate a sufficient number of qualified employees, including restaurant managers, and other crew members. The market for qualified employees in our industry is very competitive. Any future inability to recruit and retain qualified individuals may delay the planned openings of new restaurants and could adversely impact our existing restaurants. Any such delays, material increases in employee turnover rate in existing restaurants or widespread employee dissatisfaction could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Competition for qualified employees could also compel us to pay higher wages to attract or retain key crew members, which could result in higher labor costs. 
 
 We may also face challenges relating to temporary shortage of staff, including as a result of events outside our control. For example, due to widespread infections following the relaxation of COVID restrictions in China, we experienced a shortage of restaurant staff in December 2022. 
 
 The Chinese Labor Contract Law that became effective on January 1, 2008 and amended on December 28, 2012 formalizes workers rights concerning overtime hours, pensions, layoffs, employment contracts and the role of trade unions, and provides for specific standards and procedures for employees protection. Moreover, minimum wage requirements in China have increased and could continue to increase our labor costs in the future. The salary level of employees in the restaurant industry in China has been increasing in the past several years. We may not be able to increase our product prices enough to pass these increased labor costs on to our customers, in which case our business and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 30 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

In addition, our delivery business requires a large number of riders, which are either contracted with us or the aggregators platforms to deliver orders exclusively for KFC or Pizza Hut stores. A shortage of riders could disrupt our delivery business and result in higher rider costs. Furthermore, an increase in the rates charged by the third-party rider companies could also result in higher delivery costs. Recent guidelines issued by regulatory authorities increased protection on rider safety and welfare, and the cost to comply with such requirements could be passed on to us. 
 
 Our success depends substantially on our corporate reputation and on the value and perception of our brands. 
 
 One of our primary assets is the exclusive right to use the KFC, Pizza Hut and Taco Bell trademarks in restaurants in China. Our success depends in large part upon our ability and our franchisees ability to maintain and enhance the value of these brands and our customers loyalty to these brands in China. Brand value is based in part on consumer perceptions on a variety of subjective qualities. Business incidents, whether isolated or recurring, and whether originating from us, our franchisees, competitors, suppliers and distributors or YUM and its other licensees or franchisees, competitors, suppliers and distributors outside China can significantly reduce brand value and consumer trust, particularly if the incidents receive considerable publicity or result in litigation. For example, our brands could be damaged by claims or perceptions about the quality or safety of our products or the quality of our suppliers and distributors, regardless of whether such claims or perceptions are true. Any such incidents (even if resulting from the actions of a competitor) could cause a decline directly or indirectly in consumer confidence in, or the perception of, our brands and/or our products and reduce consumer demand for our products, which would likely result in lower revenues and profits. Additionally, our corporate reputation could suffer from a real or perceived failure of corporate governance or misconduct by a company officer, employee or representative. 
 
 The occurrence of security breaches and cyber-attacks could negatively impact our business. 
 
 Technology systems, including our mobile or online platforms, mobile payment and ordering systems, loyalty programs and various other online processes and functions, are critical to our business and operations. For example, as of year-end 2022, KFC had over 380 million loyalty program members and Pizza Hut had over 130 million. Both KFC and Pizza Hut member sales represented approximately 62 of each brand's system sales in 2022. Digital orders accounted for 89 of KFC and Pizza Hut Company sales in 2022. As we continue to expand our digital initiatives, the risks relating to security breaches and cyber-attacks against our systems, both internal and those we have outsourced, may increase. 
 
 Because of our brand recognition in China, we are consistently subject to attempts to compromise our security and information systems, including denial of service attacks, viruses, malicious software or ransomware, and exploitations of system flaws or weaknesses. Error or malfeasance or other irregularities may also result in the failure of our or our third-party service providers' cybersecurity measures and may give rise to a cyber incident. The techniques used to conduct security breaches and cyber-attacks, as well as the sources and targets of these attacks, change frequently and may not be recognized until launched against us or our third-party service providers. We or our third-party service providers may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate or prevent rapidly evolving types of cyber-attacks. We have in the past and are likely again in the future to be subject to these types of attacks, although to date no attack has resulted in any material damages or remediation costs. The primary risks that could directly result from the occurrence of a cyber incident include operational interruption, misappropriation of company information or private data, deletion or modification of user information, damage to our relationships with customers, franchisees and employees, and damage to our reputation. If we or our third-party service providers are unable to avert security breaches and cyber-attacks, we could incur significantly higher costs, including remediation costs to repair damage caused by the breach (including business incentives to make amends with affected customers and franchisees), costs to deploy additional personnel and network protection technologies, train employees and engage third-party experts and consultants, as well as litigation costs resulting from the incident. These costs, which could be material, could adversely impact our results of operations in the period in which they are incurred and may not meaningfully limit the success of future attempts to breach our information technology systems. 
 
 31 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Unauthorized access to, or improper use, disclosure, theft or destruction of, our customer or employee personal, financial or other data or our proprietary or confidential information that is stored in our information systems or by third parties on our behalf could result in substantial costs, expose us to litigation and damage our reputation. 
 
 We have been using, and plan to continue to use, digital technologies to improve the customer experience and drive sales growth. We, directly or indirectly, receive and maintain certain personal, financial and other information about our customers in various information systems that we maintain and in those maintained by third-party service providers when, for example, receiving orders through mobile or online platforms, accepting digital payments, operating loyalty programs and conducting digital marketing programs. Our information technology systems, such as those we use for administrative functions, including human resources, payroll, accounting and internal and external communications, can contain personal, financial or other information of our over 400,000 employees. We also maintain important proprietary and other confidential information related to our operations and identifiable information about our franchisees. As a result, we face risks inherent in handling and protecting large volumes of information. 
 
 If our security and information systems or the security and information systems of third-party service providers are compromised for any reason, including as a result of data corruption or loss, security breach, cyber-attack or other external or internal methods, or if our employees, franchisees or service providers fail to comply with laws, regulations and practice standards, and this information is obtained by unauthorized persons, used or disclosed inappropriately or destroyed, it could subject us to litigation and government enforcement actions, cause us to incur substantial costs, liabilities and penalties and/or result in a loss of customer confidence, any and all of which could adversely affect our business, reputation, ability to attract new customers, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 In addition, the use and handling of this information is regulated by evolving and increasingly demanding laws and regulations. The Chinese government has focused increasingly on regulation in the areas of information security and protection, including by implementing the PRC Cybersecurity Law effective June 1, 2017, which imposes tightened requirements on data privacy and cybersecurity practices. There are uncertainties with respect to the application of the cybersecurity law in certain circumstances. In addition, the PRC Data Security Law, which took effect on September 1, 2021, imposes data security and privacy obligations on entities and individuals carrying out data activities (including activities outside of the PRC), requires a national security review of data activities that may affect national security, and imposes restrictions on data transmissions. Furthermore, the PRC Personal Information Protection Law, which took effect on November 1, 2021, sets out the regulatory framework for handling and protection of personal information and transmission of personal information, and many specific requirements of the law remain to be clarified by the CAC and other regulatory authorities. The Revised Cybersecurity Review Measures, which took effect on February 15, 2022, require critical information infrastructure operators procuring network products and services and online platform operators carrying out data processing activities, which affect or may affect national security, to conduct a cybersecurity review pursuant to the provisions therein. The Measures for Security Assessment for Outbound Data Transfer, which took effect on September 1, 2022, mandate mandatory government security review by the CAC in advance of certain cross-border data transfer activities. We have established a professional team to formulate and implement internal data security policies to comply with the regulations and policies issued by the CAC, monitor our compliance practices and assess any non-compliance issues. We believe that we are compliant in all material respects with the applicable regulations and policies that have been issued by the CAC to date. As of the date of this Form 10-K, (i) we have not received any formal notice from any PRC cybersecurity regulator identifying us as a critical information infrastructure operator or requiring us to go through the cybersecurity review procedures pursuant to the Revised Cybersecurity Review Measures; and (ii) we are not aware of any investigations against us initiated by the CAC based on the Revised Cybersecurity Review Measures. The exact scope of critical information infrastructure operators under the current regulatory regime remains unclear, and the PRC government authorities may have wide discretion in the interpretation and enforcement of the applicable laws. Therefore, it is uncertain whether, in the future, we would be deemed to be a critical information infrastructure operator under PRC law. If we are deemed to be a critical information infrastructure operator under the PRC cybersecurity laws and regulations, we may be subject to obligations in addition to what we have fulfilled under the PRC cybersecurity laws and regulations. 
 
 Interpretation, application and enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations evolve from time to time and their scope may continually change, through new legislation, amendments to existing legislation or changes in enforcement. We have been taking and will continue to take reasonable measures to comply with applicable cybersecurity, data privacy and security laws. We cannot guarantee the effectiveness of the measures undertaken by us, and such measures may still be determined as insufficient, improper, or even as user-privacy invasive, by the relevant authorities, which may result in penalties against us. 
 
 32 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Compliance with these laws, as well as additional regulations and standards regarding data privacy, data collection and information security that PRC regulatory bodies may enact in the future, may result in additional expenses to us as we may be required to upgrade our current information technology systems. Furthermore, as a result of legislative and regulatory rules, we may be required to notify the owners of information of any breach, theft or loss of their information, which could harm our reputation, as well as subject us to litigation or actions by regulatory bodies and adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 We expect that cybersecurity, data privacy and security will continue to be a focus of regulators, as well as attract continued or greater public scrutiny and attention going forward, which could increase our compliance costs and subject us to heightened risks and challenges associated with information security and protection. If we are unable to manage these risks, we could become subject to penalties, including fines, suspension of business, shutdown of websites and revocation of required licenses, and our reputation and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Our operations are highly dependent upon our information technology systems and any failures or interruptions of service or security breaches in our systems may interrupt our operations and harm our business. 
 
 Our operations are dependent upon the successful and uninterrupted functioning of our computer and information technology systems. We rely heavily on information technology systems across our operations, including those we use for finance and accounting functions, supply chain management, point-of-sale processing, online and mobile platforms, mobile payment processing, loyalty programs and various other processes and functions, and many of these systems are interdependent on one another for their functionality. Additionally, the success of several of our initiatives to drive growth, including our priority to expand digital engagement with our customers, is highly dependent on the reliability, availability, integrity, scalability and capacity of our information technology systems. We also rely on third-party providers and platforms for some of these information technology systems and support. 
 
 Our operational safeguards may not be effective in preventing the failure of these systems to operate effectively and be continuously available to run our business. Such failures may be caused by various factors, including fire, natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications failure, problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems, physical break-ins, programming errors, flaws in third-party software or services, disruptions or service failures of technology infrastructure facilities, such as storage servers, provided by third parties, errors or malfeasance by our employees or third-party service providers or breaches in the security of these systems or platforms, including unauthorized entry and computer viruses. We cannot assure you that we will resolve these system failures and restore our systems and operations in an effective and timely manner. Such system failures and any delayed restore process could result in: 
 additional computer and information security and systems development costs; 

diversion of technical and other resources; 

loss of customers and sales; 

loss or theft of customer, employee or other data; 

negative publicity; 

harm to our business and reputation; 

negative impact on the availability and the efficiency of our restaurant operations; and 

exposure to litigation claims, government investigations and enforcement actions, fraud losses or other liabilities. 

We will continue to upgrade and improve our information technology systems to support our business growth. However, we cannot assure you that we will be successful in executing these system upgrades and improvement strategies and the foregoing risks could intensify while we execute those upgrades and improvements. In particular, our systems may experience interruptions during upgrades, and the new technologies or infrastructures may not be fully integrated with the existing systems on a timely basis, or at all. If we are unsuccessful in upgrading and improving our systems, our ability to increase comparable store sales, improve operations, implement cost controls and grow our business may be constrained. 
 
 33 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Our business depends on the performance of, and our long-term relationships with, third-party mobile payment processors, internet infrastructure operators, internet service providers and delivery aggregators. 
 
 Digital payments, including mobile payments, accounted for approximately 99 of Yum China Company sales in 2022. The ability to accept mobile payments is critical to our business. We accept payments through third-party mobile payment processors, such as WeChat Pay, Alipay and Union Pay. We also developed and launched YUMC Pay in the first quarter of 2019, in partnership with Union Pay, which offers a convenient payment option for users within a single App. If we fail to extend or renew the agreements with these mobile payment processors on acceptable terms, if these mobile payment processors are unwilling or unable to provide us with payment processing service or impose onerous requirements on us in order to access their services, or if they increase the fees they charge us for these services, our business and results of operations could be harmed. 
 
 Our business depends on the performance and reliability of the internet infrastructure in China. Almost all access to the internet in China is maintained through state-owned telecommunications operators under administrative control, and we obtain access to end-user networks operated by such telecommunications operators and internet service providers to give customers access to our websites. The satisfactory performance, availability and reliability of our websites, online platforms and Apps depends on telecommunications operators and other third-party providers for communications and storage capacity, including bandwidth and server storage, among other things. If we are unable to enter into and renew agreements with these providers on acceptable terms, if any of our existing agreements with such providers are terminated as a result of our breach or otherwise, or if these providers experience problems with the functionality and effectiveness of their systems or platforms, our ability to provide our services to our customers could be adversely affected. The failure of telecommunications operators to provide us with the requisite bandwidth could also interfere with the speed and availability of our websites and Apps. Frequent interruptions could frustrate customers and discourage them from attempting to place orders, which could cause us to lose customers and harm our operating results. 
 
 Furthermore, to the extent we rely on the systems of third parties in areas such as mobile payment processing, online and mobile delivery ordering, telecommunications and wireless networks, any defects, failures and interruptions in their systems could result in similar adverse effects on our business. Sustained or repeated system defects, failures or interruptions could materially impact our operations and results of operations. 
 
 Additionally, we have no control over the costs of the services provided by the telecommunications operators. If the prices that we pay for telecommunications and internet services rise significantly, our profit margins could be adversely affected. In addition, if internet access fees or other charges to internet users increase, our user traffic may decrease, which in turn may significantly decrease our revenues. 
 
 Our delivery business depends on the performance of, and our long-term relationships with, third-party delivery aggregators. We allow our products to be listed on and ordered through their mobile or online platforms. If we fail to extend or renew the agreements with these aggregators on acceptable terms, or at all, our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. In addition, any increase in the commission rate charged by the aggregators could negatively impact our operating results. 
 
 Our restaurants offer delivery services. Any failure to provide timely and reliable delivery services by us may materially and adversely affect our business and reputation. 
 
 As of year-end 2022, approximately 90 of KFC restaurants and over 95 of Pizza Hut restaurants offer delivery services. Delivery contributed to approximately 39 of KFC and Pizza Hut Company sales for 2022. Customers may order delivery service through KFC and Pizza Hut s websites and Apps. KFC and Pizza Hut have also partnered with third-party delivery aggregators, allowing our products to be listed on and ordered through their mobile or online platforms. 
 
 Interruptions or failures in our delivery services could prevent the timely or successful delivery of our products. These interruptions may be due to unforeseen events that are beyond our control or the control of third-party aggregators and outsourced riders, such as inclement weather, natural disasters, transportation disruptions or labor unrest. The occurrence of food safety or product quality issues may also result in interruptions or failures in our delivery service. If our products are not delivered on time and in proper condition, customers may refuse to accept our products and have less confidence in our services, in which case our business and reputation may be adversely affected. 
 
 34 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Our growth strategy with respect to Lavazza may not be successful. 
 
 We are committed to making coffee a meaningful part of our business. As part of our strategy to tap into the growing China coffee market, we developed COFFii JOY as our standalone specialty coffee concept starting in 2018. As of year-end 2021, we had 36 COFFii JOY coffee stores in eight cities in China. The Company decided to wind down the operations of COFFii JOY and closed all stores in 2022. 
 
 In April 2020, we established a joint venture with Lavazza Group to explore and develop the Lavazza coffee concept in China. In September 2021, the Company and Lavazza Group entered into agreements to accelerate the expansion of Lavazza coffee shops to offer a premium and authentic Italian coffee experience in China. As of December 31, 2022, there were 85 Lavazza stores in China. We are targeting to open 1,000 Lavazza stores in the next few years, which may require significant capital and management attention. 
 
 The success of Lavazza depends in large part on our ability to secure optimal locations, introduce new and unique store formats, and operate these stores profitably. The effectiveness of our supply chain management to assure reliable coffee supply at competitive prices is one of the key factors to the success of Lavazza. 
 
 There is no assurance that our growth strategy with respect to Lavazza will be successful or generate expected returns in the near term or at all. If we fail to execute this growth strategy successfully, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 The anticipated benefits of our acquisitions may not be realized in a timely manner or at all. 
 
 In May 2017, we acquired a controlling interest in Daojia with the expectation that the acquisition will further enhance our digital and delivery capabilities, and accelerate growth by building know-how and expertise in the expanding delivery market. In 2018 and 2019, due to declining sales as a result of intensified competition among delivery aggregators, we recorded impairment charges of 23 million and wrote down the Daojia reporting unit goodwill and intangible assets to zero. In April 2020, we completed the acquisition of a 93.3 interest in Huang Ji Huang, a leading Chinese-style casual dining franchise business, for cash consideration of 185 million. With this acquisition, we aim to gain a stronger foothold and enhanced know-how in the Chinese dining space and create synergies. Achieving those anticipated benefits is subject to a number of uncertainties. The operation of the acquired businesses could also involve further unanticipated costs and divert management s attention away from day-to-day business concerns. We cannot assure you that we will be able to achieve the anticipated benefits of any business acquisitions. Additional information about the Company s goodwill and intangible assets acquired from our acquisitions is included in Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8. We evaluate indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill for impairment on an annual basis or more often if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicates impairment might exist. 
 
 Our new retail and e-commerce businesses may expose us to new challenges and risks and may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We operate a mobile e-commerce platform, V-Gold Mall, to sell products, including electronics, home and kitchen accessories and other general merchandise directly to customers. As part of our strategy to drive growth from off-premise occasions, we also launched packaged foods such as fried rice, steak and pasta, to capture at-home consumption demand. We expect to continue to develop our new retail and e-commerce businesses. 
 
 35 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Our new retail and e-commerce businesses expose us to new challenges and risks associated with, for example, anticipating customer demand and preferences, managing inventory and handling more complex supply, product return and delivery service issues. We are relatively new to these businesses and our lack of experience may make it more difficult for us to keep pace with evolving customer demands and preferences. We may misjudge customer demand, resulting in inventory buildup and possible inventory write-downs and write-offs. We may also experience higher return rates on these products, receive more customer complaints about them and face costly product liability claims as a result of selling them, which would harm our brands and reputation as well as our financial performance. In addition, we will have to invest in, maintain and upgrade the necessary network infrastructure, system infrastructure and security to manage and process customer orders, and failures to process orders timely and accurately may also result in complaints and expose us to liability. Furthermore, we rely on third-party delivery companies to deliver the e-commerce products and a portion of the new retail products. Risks related to delivery services are described in further detail above under Our restaurants offer delivery services. Any failure to provide timely and reliable delivery services by us may materially and adversely affect our business and reputation. If we do not successfully address new challenges specific to the new retail and e-commerce businesses and compete effectively, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Our inability or failure to recognize, respond to and effectively manage the impact of social media could materially adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 
 As a customer-facing industry, the Company is heavily reliant on its brand, the perception of which may be significantly impacted by social media. In recent years, there has been a marked increase in the use of social media platforms, including weblogs (blogs), mini-blogs, WeChat and other chat platforms, social media websites, and other forms of internet-based communications, which allow individual access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons. Many social media platforms immediately publish the content their subscribers and participants post, often without filters or checks on accuracy of the content posted. Information posted on such platforms at any time may be adverse to our interests and/or may be inaccurate. The online dissemination of negative comments about our brands and business, including inaccurate or irresponsible information, could harm our business, reputation, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. The damage may be immediate and intense, without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction, and we may not be able to recover from any negative publicity in a timely manner or at all. If we fail to recognize, respond to and effectively manage the accelerated impact of social media, our reputation, business and results of operation could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Other risks associated with the use of social media include improper disclosure of proprietary information, exposure of personally identifiable information, fraud, hoaxes or malicious exposure of false information. The inappropriate use of social media by our customers or employees could increase our costs, lead to litigation or result in negative publicity that could damage our reputation and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Failure to comply with anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar Chinese laws and other similar applicable laws prohibiting bribery of government officials and other corrupt practices are the subject of increasing emphasis and enforcement around the world. Although we continue to implement policies and procedures designed to duly comply with these laws, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, agents or other third parties will not take actions in violation of our policies or applicable law, particularly as we expand our operations through organic growth and acquisitions. Any such violations or suspected violations could subject us to civil or criminal penalties, including substantial fines and significant investigation costs, and could also materially damage our brands, as well as our reputation and prospects, business and results of operations. Publicity relating to any noncompliance or alleged noncompliance could also harm our reputation and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 36 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

As a U.S. company with operations concentrated in China, we are subject to both U.S. federal income tax and Chinese enterprise income tax, which could result in relatively higher taxes compared to companies operating primarily in the U.S. 
 
 Yum China is a Delaware corporation that indirectly owns the subsidiaries that conduct our business in China and is subject to both U.S. federal income tax and Chinese enterprise income tax. While U.S. tax law generally exempts all of the foreign-source dividends paid to the U.S. parent company, with operations primarily in China, we continue to be subject to the Chinese enterprise income tax at a rate of 25 generally and an additional 10 withholding tax on any earnings repatriated outside of China levied by the Chinese tax authorities, subject to any reduction or exemption set forth in relevant tax treaties or tax arrangements. This may put Yum China at a relative disadvantage compared to companies operating primarily in the U.S., which are currently subject to a U.S. corporate income tax rate of 21 . 
 
 In addition, U.S. tax law provides anti-deferral, anti-base erosion and other provisions that may subject the U.S. parent company to additional U.S. taxes under certain circumstances. We are assessed with tax on GILTI earned by certain foreign subsidiaries, and it causes our effective tax rate to increase and affect the amount of any distributions available to our stockholders. 
 
 Tax matters, including changes in tax rates, disagreements with tax authorities and imposition of new taxes could impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes, such as VAT, customs duty, property tax, stamp duty, environmental protection tax, withholding taxes and obligations and local surcharges, in China and income tax and other taxes in the U.S. and other jurisdictions. We are also subject to reviews, examinations and audits by Chinese tax authorities, the IRS and other tax authorities with respect to income and non-income based taxes, including transfer pricing. Our operations in respective jurisdictions generally remain subject to examination for tax years as far back as 2006, some of which years are currently under audit by local tax authorities. If Chinese tax authorities, the IRS or other tax authorities disagree with our tax positions, we could face additional tax liabilities, including interest and penalties. Payment of such additional amounts upon final settlement or adjudication of any disputes could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 In addition, we are directly and indirectly affected by new tax legislation and regulation and the interpretation of tax laws and regulations worldwide. For example, in 2017, the U.S. Tax Act implemented broad reforms to the U.S. corporate income tax system and significantly altered how U.S. multinational corporations are taxed on foreign earnings. In addition, on August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA was signed into law in the U.S. The IRA contains certain tax measures, including a corporate alternative minimum tax on certain large corporations and an excise tax on net share repurchases. The details of the computation of these taxes will be subject to regulations to be issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Any increases in tax rates or changes in tax laws or the interpretations thereof could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Moreover, the tax regime in China is rapidly evolving and there can be significant uncertainty for taxpayers in China as Chinese tax laws may change significantly or be subject to uncertain interpretations. Effective May 1, 2016, VAT reform has been rolled out to cover all business sectors nationwide to completely replace the BT that has historically been applied to certain industries. The interpretation and application of the new VAT regime are not settled at some local governmental levels. In addition, China is in the process of enacting the prevailing VAT regulations into VAT law. However, the timetable for enacting the VAT law is not clear. Changes in legislation, regulation or interpretation of existing laws and regulations in the U.S., China, and other jurisdictions where we are subject to taxation could increase our taxes and have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our results of operations may be adversely impacted by changes in consumer discretionary spending and general economic conditions. 
 
 Purchases at our restaurants are discretionary for consumers and, therefore, our results of operations are susceptible to economic slowdowns and recessions. Our results of operations are dependent upon discretionary spending by consumers, which may be affected by general economic conditions in China. Some of the factors that impact discretionary consumer spending include unemployment rates, fluctuations in the level of disposable income, the price of gasoline, stock market performance and changes in the level of consumer confidence. These and other macroeconomic factors could have an adverse effect on our sales, profitability or development plans, which could harm our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 37 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

The restaurant industry in which we operate is highly competitive. 
 
 The restaurant industry in which we operate is highly competitive with respect to price and quality of food products, new product development, advertising levels and promotional initiatives, customer service, reputation, restaurant location, and attractiveness and maintenance of properties. We cannot assure you that we will continue to develop new products and maintain an attractive menu to suit changing customer tastes, nutritional trends, dine-in or at-home consumption patterns and general customer demands in China. Our failure to anticipate, identify, interpret and react to these changes could lead to reduced guest traffic and demand for our restaurants. Even if we do correctly anticipate, identify, interpret and react to these changes, there can be no assurance that our restaurants are able to compete successfully with other restaurant outlets in new and existing markets. As a result, our business could be adversely affected. We also face growing competition as a result of convergence in grocery, convenience, deli and restaurant services, including the offering by the grocery industry of convenient meals, including pizzas and entrees with side dishes. Competition from food delivery aggregators, other food delivery services and shared kitchens in China has also increased in recent years, all of which offer a wide variety of cuisine types across different brands, particularly in urbanized areas. Increased competition could have an adverse effect on our sales, profitability or development plans, which could harm our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 In addition, increased awareness about nutrition and healthy lifestyles may cause consumers to demand more healthy foods. If we are unable to respond to such changes in consumer taste and preferences in a timely manner or at all, or if our competitors are able to address these concerns more effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Any inability to successfully compete with the other restaurants, food delivery aggregators, other food delivery services and shared kitchens in our markets may prevent us from increasing or sustaining our revenues and profitability and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. We may also need to modify or refine elements of our restaurant system in order to compete with popular new restaurant styles or concepts, including delivery aggregators, that develop from time to time. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in implementing any such modifications or that such modifications will not reduce our profitability. 
 
 We require various approvals, licenses and permits to operate our business and the loss of or failure to obtain or renew any or all of these approvals, licenses and permits could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 In accordance with the laws and regulations of China, we are required to maintain various approvals, licenses, permits, registrations and filings in order to operate our restaurant business. Each of our restaurants in China is required to obtain (1) the relevant food business license; (2) the environmental protection assessment and inspection registration or approval; and (3) the fire safety inspection acceptance approval or other alternatives. Some of our restaurants which sell alcoholic beverages are required to make further registrations or obtain additional approvals. These licenses and registrations are achieved upon satisfactory compliance with, among other things, the applicable food safety, hygiene, environmental protection, fire safety and alcohol laws and regulations. Most of these licenses are subject to periodic examinations or verifications by relevant authorities and are valid only for a fixed period of time and subject to renewal and accreditation. 
 
 We did not obtain these licenses or approvals for a limited number of our restaurants in a timely manner in the past and there is no assurance that we or our franchisees will be able to obtain or maintain any of these licenses in the future. Rapidly evolving laws and regulations, and inconsistent interpretations and enforcements thereof could impede our ability to obtain or maintain the required permits, licenses and certificates required to conduct our businesses in China. Difficulties or failure in obtaining the required permits, licenses and certificates could result in our inability to continue our business in China in a manner consistent with past practice. In such an event, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. If (i) we have inadvertently concluded that such permissions, approvals, licenses or permits have been acquired or are not required, or (ii) applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations change and we are required to obtain such permissions, approvals, licenses or permits in the future, then we may have to expend time and costs to procure them. If we are unable to do so on commercially reasonable terms or in a timely manner, it could cause significant disruption to our business operations and damage our reputation, which would in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 38 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

We may not be able to adequately protect the intellectual property we own or have the right to use, which could harm the value of our brands and adversely affect our business and operations. 
 
 We believe that our brands are essential to our success and our competitive position. The fact that our trademarks are duly registered may not be adequate to protect these intellectual property rights. In addition, third parties may infringe upon the intellectual property rights we own or have the right to use or misappropriate the proprietary knowledge we use in our business, primarily our proprietary recipes, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. The laws of China may not offer the same protection for intellectual property rights as the U.S. and other jurisdictions with more robust intellectual property laws. 
 
 We are required under the master license agreement with YUM to police, protect and enforce the trademarks and other intellectual property rights used by us, and to protect trade secrets. Such actions to police, protect or enforce could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources, which could negatively affect our sales, profitability and prospects. Furthermore, the application of laws governing intellectual property rights in China is uncertain and evolving, and could involve substantial risks to us. Even if actions to police, protect or enforce are resolved in our favor, we may not be able to successfully enforce the judgment and remedies awarded by the court and such remedies may not be adequate to compensate us for our actual or anticipated losses. 
 
 In addition, we may face claims of infringement that could interfere with the use of the proprietary know-how, concepts, recipes or trade secrets we use in our business. Defending against such claims may be costly and, if we are unsuccessful, we may be prohibited from continuing to use such proprietary information in the future or be forced to pay damages, royalties or other fees for using such proprietary information, any of which could negatively affect our sales, profitability and prospects. 
 
 Our licensor may not be able to adequately protect its intellectual property, which could harm the value of the KFC, Pizza Hut and Taco Bell brands and branded products and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The success of our business depends in large part on our continued ability to use the trademarks, service marks, recipes and other components of the KFC, Pizza Hut and Taco Bell branded systems that we license from YUM pursuant to the master license agreement we entered into in connection with the separation. 
 
 We are not aware of any assertions that the trademarks, menu offerings or other intellectual property rights we license from YUM infringe upon the proprietary rights of third parties, but third parties may claim infringement by us or YUM in the future. Any such claim, whether or not it has merit, could be time consuming, result in costly litigation, cause delays in introducing new menu items in the future or require us to enter into additional royalty or licensing agreements with third parties. As a result, any such claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our results of operations may fluctuate due to seasonality and certain major events in China. 
 
 Our sales are subject to seasonality. For example, we typically generate higher sales during Chinese festivities, holiday seasons as well as summer months, but relatively lower sales and lower operating profit during the second and fourth quarters. As a result of these fluctuations, softer sales during a period in which we have historically experienced higher sales (such as the disruption in operations from the COVID-19 outbreak) would have a disproportionately negative effect on our full-year results, and comparisons of sales and results of operations within a financial year may not be able to be relied on as indicators of our future performance. Any seasonal fluctuations reported in the future may differ from the expectations of our investors. 
 
 We may be unable to detect, deter and prevent all instances of fraud or other misconduct committed by our employees, customers or other third parties. 
 
 As we operate in the restaurant industry, we usually receive and handle relatively large amounts of cash in our daily operations. Instances of fraud, theft or other misconduct with respect to cash can be difficult to detect, deter and prevent, and could subject us to financial losses and harm our reputation. 
 
 We may be unable to prevent, detect or deter all such instances of misconduct. Any such misconduct committed against our interests, which may include past acts that have gone undetected or future acts, may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 39 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Our success depends on the continuing efforts of our key management and experienced and capable personnel as well as our ability to recruit new talent. 
 
 Our future success is significantly dependent upon the continued service of our key management as well as experienced and capable personnel generally. If we lose the services of any member of key management, we may not be able to locate suitable or qualified replacements, and may incur additional expenses to recruit and train new staff, which could severely disrupt our business and growth. If any of our key management joins a competitor or forms a competing business, we may lose customers, know-how and key professionals and staff members. Our rapid growth also requires us to hire, train, and retain a wide range of talent who can adapt to a dynamic, competitive and challenging business environment and are capable of helping us conduct effective marketing and management. We will need to continue to attract, train and retain talent at all levels as we expand our business and operations. We may need to offer attractive compensation and other benefits packages, including share-based compensation, to attract and retain them. We also need to provide our employees with sufficient training to help them to realize their career development and grow with us. Any failure to attract, train, retain or motivate key management and experienced and capable personnel could severely disrupt our business and growth. 
 
 From time to time we may evaluate and potentially consummate strategic investments or acquisitions, which may be unsuccessful and adversely affect our operation and financial results. 
 
 To complement our business and strengthen our market-leading position, we may form strategic alliances or make strategic investments and acquisitions from time to time. Some of the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially include, but are not limited to, the fact that the integration of the target company may require significant time, attention and resources, potentially diverting management s attention from the conduct of our business, and the expected synergies from the acquisition may not be realized. We may experience difficulties in integrating our operations with new investments or acquired businesses, implementing our strategies or achieving expected levels of net revenues, profitability, productivity or other benefits. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our investments or acquisitions will benefit our business strategy, generate sufficient net revenues to offset the associated investment or acquisition costs, or otherwise result in the intended benefits. 
 
 Our investment in technology and innovation may not generate the expected level of returns. 
 
 We have invested and intend to continue to invest significantly in technology systems and innovation to enhance digitalization and the guest experience and improve the efficiency of our operations. We cannot assure you that our investments in technology and innovation will generate sufficient returns or have the expected effects on our business operations, if at all. If our technology and innovation investments do not meet expectations for the above or other reasons, our prospects and share price may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Fair value changes for our investment in equity securities and lower yields of our short-term investments may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may invest in equity securities and short-term investments, such as time deposits, from time to time. In September 2018, we invested in the equity securities of Meituan Dianping, the fair value of which is determined based on the closing market price for the shares at the end of each reporting period, with subsequent fair value changes recorded in our consolidated statements of income. We recorded a pre-tax loss 27 million and 38 million for 2022 and 2021, and related pre-tax gains of 104 million for 2020, respectively. Our short-term investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to 2,022 million and 2,860 million, respectively. We cannot guarantee that our investment in equity securities will not experience fair value losses, which may adversely affect our period-to-period earnings, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our short-term investments may earn yields lower than anticipated, and any failure to realize the benefits we expected from these investments may adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 40 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Our operating results may be adversely affected by our investment in unconsolidated affiliates. 
 
 We apply the equity method to account for the investments in unconsolidated affiliates over which we have significant influence but do not control. Our share of the earnings or losses and share of changes in other comprehensive income or losses of these unconsolidated affiliates are included in net income in our consolidated statements of income and other comprehensive income or losses, respectively . Even if there is no cash flow from unconsolidated affiliates until dividends are received, the performance of unconsolidated affiliates may affect our results of operations through our equity method accounting. In addition, we evaluate our investments in unconsolidated affiliates for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that a decrease in the fair value of an investment has occurred which is other than temporary. In addition, when we acquire additional equity interest in the unconsolidated affiliates to obtain control, it may result in gain or loss from re-measurement of our previously held equity interest and thus have a significant impact on our operating results. As a result of the acquisition of Hangzhou KFC, a former unconsolidated affiliate, in the fourth quarter of 2021, we recognized a gain of 618 million from the re-measurement of our previously held 47 equity interest at fair value. 
 
 Risks Related to Doing Business in China 
 
 Changes in Chinese political policies and economic and social policies or conditions may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and may result in our inability to sustain our growth and expansion strategies. 
 
 Substantially all of our long-lived assets and business operations are located in China. Accordingly, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects may be influenced to a significant degree by political, economic and social conditions in China generally, by continued economic growth in China as a whole, and by geopolitical stability in the region. For example, our results of operations in the third quarter of 2016 were adversely impacted by an international court ruling in July 2016 regarding claims to sovereignty over the South China Sea, which triggered a series of regional protests and boycotts in China, intensified by social media, against a few international companies with well-known western brands. 
 
 The Chinese economy, markets and levels of consumer spending are influenced by many factors beyond our control, including current and future economic conditions, political uncertainty, unemployment rates, inflation, fluctuations in the level of disposable income, taxation, foreign exchange control, and changes in interest and currency exchange rates. The Chinese economy differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including the level of government involvement, level of development, growth rate, foreign exchange control and fiscal measures and allocation of resources. Although the Chinese government has implemented measures since the late 1970s emphasizing the utilization of market forces for economic reform, the restructuring of state assets and state-owned enterprises, and the establishment of improved corporate governance in business enterprises, a significant portion of productive assets in China is still owned or controlled by the Chinese government. The Chinese government also exercises significant control or influence over Chinese economic growth through allocating resources, controlling payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations, setting monetary and fiscal policies, regulating financial services and institutions and providing preferential treatment to particular industries or companies. 
 
 While the Chinese economy has experienced significant growth in recent decades, growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy. The Chinese government has implemented various measures to encourage economic growth and guide the allocation of resources. Some of these measures benefit the overall Chinese economy but may also have a negative effect on us. Our results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected by government control over capital investments or changes in tax regulations that are applicable to us. In addition, the Chinese government has implemented certain measures, including interest rate increases, to control the pace of economic growth. These measures may cause decreased economic activity in China. Since 2012, Chinese economic growth has slowed and any prolonged slowdown in the Chinese economy may reduce the demand for our products and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Restaurant dining, and specifically casual dining, is discretionary for customers and tends to be higher during periods in which favorable economic conditions prevail. Customers tendency to become more cost-conscious as a result of an economic slowdown or decreases in disposable income may reduce our customer traffic or average revenue per customer, which may adversely affect our revenues. 
 
 41 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Uncertainties with respect to the interpretation and enforcement of Chinese laws, rules and regulations could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Substantially all of our operations are conducted in China, and are governed by Chinese laws, rules and regulations. Our subsidiaries are subject to laws, rules and regulations applicable to foreign investment in China. The Chinese legal system is a civil law system based on written statutes. Unlike common law systems, it is a system in which legal cases may be cited for reference but have limited value as precedents. In the late 1970s, the Chinese government began to promulgate a comprehensive system of laws and regulations governing economic matters in general. The overall effect of legislation over the past four decades has significantly increased the protections afforded to various forms of foreign or private-sector investment in China. However, since these laws and regulations are relatively new and the Chinese legal system continues to rapidly evolve, the interpretations of many laws, regulations and rules are not always uniform and enforcement of these laws, regulations and rules involve uncertainties. 
 
 From time to time, we may have to resort to administrative and court proceedings to interpret and/or enforce our legal rights. However, since Chinese administrative and court authorities have significant discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual terms, it may be more difficult to evaluate the outcome of administrative and court proceedings, and the level of legal protection we enjoy, than in more developed legal systems. Any administrative and court proceedings in China may be protracted, resulting in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. Furthermore, the Chinese legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules (some of which are not published in a timely manner or at all) that may have retroactive effect. 
 
 As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of these policies and rules until sometime after the violation. Such uncertainties, including uncertainty over the scope and effect of our contractual, property (including intellectual property) and procedural rights, and any failure to respond to changes in the regulatory environment in China could materially and adversely affect our business and impede our ability to continue our operations. 
 
 The audit report included in this Form 10-K is prepared by auditors who are located in China, and in the event the PCAOB is unable to inspect our auditors, our common stock will be subject to potential delisting from the New York Stock Exchange. 
 
 As an auditor of companies that are publicly traded in the United States and a firm registered with the PCAOB, our independent registered public accounting firm is required under the laws of the United States to undergo regular inspections by the PCAOB. However, because substantially all of our operations are conducted within China, our independent registered public accounting firm s audit documentation related to their audit report included in this Form 10-K is located in China. Prior to 2022, the PCAOB was unable to conduct full inspections in China or review audit documentation located within China without the approval of Chinese authorities, which was not granted. Accordingly, prior to 2022, the PCAOB had not inspected our independent registered public accounting firm or reviewed documentation related to the audit of our financial statements. 
 
 Inspections of other auditors conducted by the PCAOB outside of China have at times identified deficiencies in those auditors audit procedures and quality control procedures, which may be addressed as part of the inspection process to improve future audit quality. The previous lack of PCAOB inspections of audit work undertaken in China prevented the PCAOB from evaluating our auditor s audits and its quality control procedures. Without the benefit of PCAOB inspections, stockholders may lose confidence in our reported financial information and procedures and the quality of our financial statements. 
 
 On December 18, 2020, the HFCAA was signed into law. The HFCAA requires the SEC to prohibit the securities of any covered issuer, including the Company, from being traded on any of the U.S. securities exchanges, including the New York Stock Exchange, or traded over-the-counter, if the auditor of the covered issuer s financial statements is not subject to PCAOB inspection for three consecutive years, beginning in 2021. On December 2, 2021, the SEC adopted final rules implementing the HFCAA, pursuant to which the SEC will identify companies subject to the HFCAA, known as Commission-Identified Issuers, as early as possible after the filing of their next annual report, and implement the trading prohibition as soon as practicable after they have been conclusively identified as Commission-Identified Issuers for three consecutive years. The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023 reduced the number of consecutive non-inspection years required to trigger the trading prohibition under the HFCAA from three years to two. 
 
 42 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a report on its determination that it was unable to inspect or investigate PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong because of positions taken by Chinese authorities in those jurisdictions. Our independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG Huazhen LLP, was subject to the determinations announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021. 
 
 On August 26, 2022, the PCAOB announced that it signed a Statement of Protocol with the CSRC and the Ministry of Finance, which it described as the first step toward opening access for the PCAOB to inspect and investigate completely registered public accounting firms in mainland China and Hong Kong. 
 
 On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB vacated its 2021 determination that the positions taken by authorities in mainland China and Hong Kong prevented it from inspecting and investigating completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in those jurisdictions. In view of the PCAOB s decision to vacate its 2021 determination and until such time as the PCAOB issues any new adverse determination, the SEC has stated that there are no issuers at risk of having their securities subject to a trading prohibition under the HFCAA. However, whether the PCAOB will continue to be able to satisfactorily conduct inspections of PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong is subject to uncertainty and depends on a number of factors out of our control. 
 
 Based upon these recent pronouncements from the PCAOB and the SEC, the Company expects that, upon the filing of this Form 10-K, it will be removed from the list of Commission-Identified Issuers. If the PCAOB in the future makes another determination it is not able to inspect and investigate completely registered public accounting firms in mainland China and Hong Kong, the Company will again become a Commission-Identified Issuer and subject to potential delisting pursuant to the HFCAA. Such delisting would limit the liquidity of our common stock and our access to U.S. capital markets, and could increase the volatility of the trading price of our stock, and as a result the market price of our common stock could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 On February 24, 2023, the CSRC and other PRC governmental authorities jointly issued the Provisions on Strengthening Confidentiality and Archives Administration of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (the Confidentiality Provisions ), which will come into effect on March 31, 2023. The Confidentiality Provisions outline obligations of issuers listed in overseas markets with operations in China when they provide information involving state secrets or sensitive information to their securities service providers (e.g., auditors) and overseas regulators. In addition, under the Confidentiality Provisions, such issuers will also be required to obtain approval from the CSRC and other PRC authorities before accepting any investigation or inspection by overseas regulators. As the Confidentiality Provisions were recently promulgated and have not taken effect, there are uncertainties with respect to their interpretation and implementation. 
 
 Changes in political, business, economic and trade relations between the United States and China may have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We cannot predict the possible changes in the economic, regulatory, social and political environment in the United States and China, nor can we predict their potential impact on political, economic and trade relations between the United States and China and on our business. 
 
 In 2019, the United States and China imposed new or higher tariffs on goods imported from each other. If the United States or China continues imposing such tariffs, or if additional tariffs or trade restrictions are implemented by the United States or by China, the resulting trade barriers could have a significant adverse impact on our business. The adoption and expansion of trade restrictions and tariffs, quotas and embargoes, sanctions, the occurrence of a trade war, or other governmental action related to tariffs or trade agreements or policies, has the potential to adversely impact costs, our suppliers and the world economy in general, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 43 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

During 2020, political tensions between the United States and China escalated, with a number of actions taken by the U.S. government in response to perceived threats from Chinese-connected entities, such as the Clean Network program announced on August 5, 2020 to protect U.S. telecommunication and technology infrastructure, and the two executive orders issued by former President Trump on August 6, 2020 to ban any person or property subject to the jurisdiction of the United States from any transaction with ByteDance and from any transaction related to WeChat by any person or with respect to any property subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, to the extent that any such transaction is identified by the Secretary of Commerce as being subject to the prohibitions stated in the executive orders. In addition, on January 5, 2021, former President Trump signed an executive order banning transactions by any person, or with respect to any property, subject to the jurisdiction of the United States with persons that develop or control the following Chinese-connected software applications: Alipay, CamScanner, QQ Wallet, SHAREit, Tencent QQ, VMate, WeChat Pay, and WPS Office, some of which are critical to the operation of our business. These executive orders were revoked on June 9, 2021 by President Biden, who then signed an executive order directing the Department of Commerce to launch a national security review of apps with links to foreign adversaries (which is defined to include China) and issue recommendations for regulatory and legislative action to address the associated risks. Digital orders, including delivery, mobile orders and kiosk orders, accounted for approximately 89 of KFC and Pizza Hut s Company sales in 2022, and digital payments, including mobile payments, accounted for approximately 99 of Yum China Company sales in 2022. As a result, the implementation of this executive order could adversely affect our business in a material way. 
 
 We cannot foresee whether and how developments in similar policy actions or any other policy actions taken by the U.S. or Chinese government will impact our business and financial performance. In addition, changes in political, business, economic and trade relations between the United States and China may trigger negative customer sentiment towards western brands in China, potentially resulting in a negative impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Fluctuation in the value of RMB may result in foreign currency exchange losses. 
 
 The conversion of the Renminbi RMB into foreign currencies, including U.S. dollars, is based on rates set by the People s Bank of China PBOC ). Historically, the exchange rate between RMB and the U.S. dollar has showed higher volatility in certain years while staying within a narrow range in other years. The value of RMB against the U.S. dollar and other currencies is affected by changes in China s political and economic conditions and by China s foreign exchange policies, among other things. It is difficult to predict how market forces or Chinese or U.S. government policy may impact the exchange rate between RMB and the U.S. dollar in the future. 
 
 Substantially all of our revenues and costs are denominated in RMB. As a Delaware holding company, we may rely on dividends and other fees paid to us by our subsidiaries in China. Any significant revaluation of RMB may materially affect our cash flows, net revenues, earnings and financial position, and the value of, and any dividends payable on, our common stock in U.S. dollars. For example, an appreciation of RMB against the U.S. dollar would make any new RMB-denominated investments or expenditures more costly to us, to the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars into RMB for such purposes. Conversely, a significant depreciation of RMB against the U.S. dollar may significantly reduce the U.S. dollar equivalent of our earnings, which in turn could adversely affect the price of our common stock. If we decide to convert RMB into U.S. dollars for the purpose of making payments for dividends on our common stock, strategic acquisitions or investments or other business purposes, the appreciation of the U.S. dollar against RMB would have a negative effect on U.S. dollar amounts available to us. 
 
 Few hedging options are available in China to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. In addition, our currency exchange loss may be magnified by Chinese exchange control regulations that restrict our ability to convert RMB into foreign currency. As a result, fluctuations in exchange rates and restrictions on exchange may have a material adverse effect on your investment. 
 
 The increasing focus on environmental sustainability issues may create operational challenges for us, increase our costs and harm our reputation. 
 
 There has been increasing public focus by governmental and non-governmental organizations and other stakeholders on environmental sustainability matters, including climate change and a circular economy. In 2021, we committed to a net-zero GHG reduction goal by 2050 in line with SBTi criteria to limit global temperature rise to 1.5 o C above pre-industrial levels. In 2022, we set near-term science-based targets (SBTs), committing to reducing absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 63 by 2035 from a 2020 base year and to reducing Scope 3 GHG emissions from purchased goods 66.3 per ton of goods purchased by 2035 from a 2020 base year. We face related risks including setting appropriate targets and taking actions to meet the commitments we made, and also increased pressure to make new sustainability commitments, which could expose us to additional operational challenges, execution costs and reputational risks. In line with the national standards and local requirements to reduce plastic waste in China, we have launched a series of plastic 
 44 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

reduction and environmentally friendly packaging initiatives across our brands. We are committed to gradually replacing existing plastic packaging with paper straws, wooden cutleries, paper bags, and biodegradable plastic bags, and working toward a 30 reduction on non-degradable plastic packaging weight by 2025. We may face operational challenges in sourcing suitable alternative packaging materials. In addition, we may incur significant costs for using alternative packaging materials, which in turn may have an adverse impact on our profit margins. 
 
 Interventions in or the imposition of restrictions and limitations by the PRC government on currency conversion and payments of foreign currency and RMB out of mainland China may limit our ability to utilize our cash balances effectively, including making funds held by our China-based subsidiaries unavailable for use outside of mainland China, which could limit or eliminate our ability to pay dividends and affect the value of your investment. 
 
 The Chinese government imposes controls on the convertibility of RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of both foreign currency and RMB out of mainland China. Under our current corporate structure as a Delaware holding company, our income is primarily derived from the earnings from our Chinese subsidiaries. Substantially all revenues of our Chinese subsidiaries are denominated in RMB. Shortages in the availability of foreign currency and control on payments out of mainland China may restrict the ability of our Chinese subsidiaries to remit sufficient foreign currency and/or RMB to pay dividends or to make other payments to us, or otherwise to satisfy their obligations. Under existing Chinese foreign exchange regulations, payments of current account items, including profit distributions, license fee payments and expenditures from trade-related transactions, can be made in foreign currencies or RMB without prior approval from China s State Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE and the PBOC by complying with certain procedural requirements. However, for any Chinese company, dividends can be declared and paid only out of the retained earnings of that company under Chinese law. Furthermore, approval from SAFE or its local branch may be required where RMB are to be converted into foreign currencies, and approval from SAFE and the PBOC or their branches may be required where foreign currency and/or RMB are to be remitted out of mainland China. Specifically, under the existing restrictions, without a prior approval from SAFE and the PBOC, cash generated from the operations of our subsidiaries in China may not be used to pay dividends to Yum China, pay the license fee to YUM, pay employees who are located outside mainland China, pay off debt owed by our subsidiaries to entities outside mainland China, or make capital expenditures outside mainland China. 
 
 The Chinese government may also at its discretion restrict access in the future to foreign currencies or further restrict payments of foreign currency and RMB out of mainland China. If the foreign exchange control system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currency to satisfy our currency demands or restricts us from paying the license fee to YUM, we may not be able to pay dividends to our stockholders, fulfill our license fee payment obligation, pay out service fees to vendors and repay our indebtedness when due, and, to the extent we undertake such activities, to make investments or acquisitions outside China. 
 
 Furthermore, because repatriation of funds and payment of license fees require the prior approval of SAFE and PBOC, such repatriation and payment could be delayed, restricted or limited. There can be no assurance that the rules and regulations pursuant to which SAFE and PBOC grant or deny approvals will not change in a way that adversely affects the ability of our Chinese subsidiaries to repatriate funds out of mainland China or pay license fees. Any such limitation could materially and adversely affect our ability to pay dividends or otherwise fund and conduct our business. 
 
 Changes in the laws and regulations of China or noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations may have a significant impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition, and may cause the value of our securities to decline. 
 
 Our business and operations are subject to the laws and regulations of China, which continue to evolve and are subject to change from time to time. The Chinese government may intervene or influence our operations at any time, which could result in a material change in our operations. Recently, the Chinese government has increased its regulatory focus on matters including anti-monopoly and unfair competition rules, cybersecurity and regulation of variable interest entities and has initiated various regulatory actions, statements and enforcement proceedings to regulate business operations in China with little advance notice. 
 
 45 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

For example, Chinese regulators, including the CAC, have been increasingly focused on regulation in the areas of data security and data protection, and are enhancing the protection of privacy and data security by rulemaking and enforcement actions at central and local levels. We expect that these areas will receive greater and continued attention from regulators and the public going forward, which could increase our compliance costs and subject us to heightened risks and challenges associated with data security and protection. For more information regarding risks relating to cybersecurity and related regulation, see The PRC government has significant oversight and discretion to exert control over offerings of our securities conducted outside of China and foreign investment in China-based issuers, and may limit or completely hinder our ability to offer securities to investors, which may cause the value of such securities to significantly decline and Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Unauthorized access to, or improper use, disclosure, theft or destruction of, our customer or employee personal, financial or other data or our proprietary or confidential information that is stored in our information systems or by third parties on our behalf could result in substantial costs, expose us to litigation and damage our reputation. 
 
 Chinese regulators have also focused recently on enforcement of anti-monopoly and unfair competition rules, which may affect our ability to carry out our investment and acquisition strategy, and on regulation of variable interest entities. For more information, see Risks Related to Doing Business in China Regulations regarding acquisitions may impose significant regulatory approval and review requirements, which could make it more difficult for us to pursue growth through acquisitions and The Chinese government may determine that the variable interest entity structure of Daojia does not comply with Chinese laws on foreign investment in restricted industries. 
 
 Additionally, on January 9, 2021, China s Ministry of Commerce MOFCOM issued the Rules on Blocking Improper Extraterritorial Application of Foreign Legislation and Other Measures (the Blocking Rules ), which established a blocking regime in China to counter the impact of foreign sanctions on Chinese persons. The Blocking Rules have become effective upon issuance, but have only established a framework of implementation, and the rules effects will remain unclear until the Chinese government provides clarity on the specific types of extraterritorial measures to which the rules will apply. At this time, we do not know the extent to which the Blocking Rules will impact our operations. 
 
 The continuation of our operations also depends upon compliance with, among other things, applicable Chinese environmental, health, safety, labor, social security, pension and other laws and regulations. There is no assurance that we will be able to comply fully with existing or future applicable laws and regulations. In addition, the interpretations of many laws and regulations are not always uniform and enforcement of these laws and regulations involve uncertainties. Changing legal and regulatory requirements could force us to make material changes to our operations. Additionally, failure to comply with such laws and regulations could result in fines, penalties or lawsuits. In such an event, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected, which could cause the value of our securities to decline. 
 
 We rely to a significant extent on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our principal operating subsidiaries in China to fund offshore cash requirements. 
 
 We are a holding company and conduct all of our business through our operating subsidiaries. We rely to a significant extent on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our principal operating subsidiaries for our cash requirements. As noted above, distributions to us from our subsidiaries may result in incremental tax costs. 
 
 The laws, rules and regulations applicable to our Chinese subsidiaries permit payments of dividends only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance with applicable Chinese accounting standards and regulations. In addition, under Chinese law, an enterprise incorporated in China is required to set aside at least 10 of its after-tax profits each year, after making up previous years accumulated losses, if any, to fund certain statutory reserve funds, until the aggregate amount of such a fund reaches 50 of its registered capital. As a result, our Chinese subsidiaries are restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to us in the form of dividends. At the discretion of the board of directors, as an enterprise incorporated in China, each of our Chinese subsidiaries may allocate a portion of its after-tax profits based on Chinese accounting standards to staff welfare and bonus funds. These reserve funds and staff welfare and bonus funds are not distributable as cash dividends. Any limitation on the ability of our Chinese subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other distributions to us could limit our ability to make investments or acquisitions outside of China that could be beneficial to our business, pay dividends, or otherwise fund and conduct our business. 
 
 46 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

In addition, the EIT Law and its implementation rules provide that a withholding tax at a rate of 10 will be applicable to dividends payable by Chinese companies to companies that are not China resident enterprises unless otherwise reduced according to treaties or arrangements between the Chinese central government and the governments of other countries or regions where the non-China resident enterprises are incorporated. Hong Kong has a tax arrangement with mainland China that provides for a 5 withholding tax on dividends distributed to a Hong Kong resident enterprise, upon meeting certain conditions and requirements, including, among others, that the Hong Kong resident enterprise directly owns at least 25 equity interests of the Chinese enterprise and is a beneficial owner of the dividends. We believe that our principal Hong Kong subsidiary, which is the equity holder of our Chinese subsidiaries operating substantially all of our KFC and Pizza Hut restaurants, met the relevant requirements pursuant to the tax arrangement between the mainland China and Hong Kong in 2018 and is expected to meet the requirements in subsequent years, thus, it is more likely than not that our dividends or earnings expected to be repatriated to our principal Hong Kong subsidiary since 2018 are subject to the reduced withholding tax of 5 . However, if the Hong Kong subsidiary is not considered to be the beneficial owner of the dividends by the Chinese local tax authority, any dividend paid to it by our Chinese subsidiaries would be subject to a withholding tax rate of 10 with retrospective effect, which would increase our tax liability and reduce the amount of cash available to our company. 
 
 Restrictive covenants in bank credit facilities, joint venture agreements or other arrangements that we or our subsidiaries may enter into in the future may also restrict the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or make distributions or remittances to us. These restrictions could reduce the amount of dividends or other distributions we receive from our subsidiaries, which in turn could restrict our ability to return capital to our stockholders in the future. 
 
 Under the EIT Law, if we are classified as a China resident enterprise for Chinese enterprise income tax purposes, such classification would likely result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-Chinese stockholders. 
 
 Under the EIT Law and its implementation rules, an enterprise established outside China with a de facto management body within China is considered a China resident enterprise for Chinese enterprise income tax purposes. A China resident enterprise is generally subject to certain Chinese tax reporting obligations and a uniform 25 enterprise income tax rate on its worldwide income. Furthermore, under the EIT Law, if we are a China resident enterprise (i) dividends paid by us to our non-Chinese stockholders would be subject to a 10 dividend withholding tax or a 20 individual income tax if the stockholder is an individual and (ii) such non-Chinese stockholders may become subject to Chinese tax and filing obligations as well as withholding with respect to any disposition of our stock, subject to certain treaty or other exemptions or reductions. 
 
 Yum China and each subsidiary of Yum China that is organized outside of China intends to conduct its management functions in a manner that does not cause it to be a China resident enterprise, including by carrying on its day-to-day management activities and maintaining its key records, such as resolutions of its board of directors and resolutions of stockholders, outside of China. As such, we do not believe that Yum China or any of its non-Chinese subsidiaries should be considered a China resident enterprise for purposes of the EIT Law. However, given the uncertainty regarding the application of the EIT Law to us and our future operations, there can be no assurance that we or any of our non-Chinese subsidiaries will not be treated as a China resident enterprise now or in the future for Chinese tax law purposes. 
 
 47 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

We and our stockholders face uncertainty with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in China resident enterprises through transfer of non-Chinese-holding companies. Enhanced scrutiny by the Chinese tax authorities may have a negative impact on potential acquisitions and dispositions we may pursue in the future. 
 
 In February 2015, the STA issued Bulletin 7, pursuant to which an indirect transfer of Chinese taxable assets, including equity interests in a Chinese resident enterprise, by a non-resident enterprise may be re-characterized and treated as a direct transfer of Chinese taxable assets, if such arrangement does not have reasonable commercial purpose and the transferor avoids payment of Chinese enterprise income tax. Where a non-resident enterprise conducts an indirect transfer of Chinese interests by disposing of equity interests in an offshore holding company that directly or indirectly owns Chinese interests, the transferor, transferee and/or the China resident enterprise may report such indirect transfer to the relevant Chinese tax authority, which may in turn report upward to the STA. Using general anti-tax avoidance provisions, the STA may treat such indirect transfer as a direct transfer of Chinese interests if the transfer avoids Chinese tax by way of an arrangement without reasonable commercial purpose. As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject to Chinese enterprise income tax, and the transferee or other person who is obligated to pay for the transfer would be obligated to withhold the applicable taxes, currently at a rate of up to 10 of the capital gain in the case of an indirect transfer of equity interests in a China resident enterprise. Both the transferor and the party obligated to withhold the applicable taxes may be subject to penalties under Chinese tax laws if the transferor fails to pay the taxes and the party obligated to withhold the applicable taxes fails to withhold the taxes. However, the above regulations do not apply if either (i) the selling non-resident enterprise recognizes the relevant gain by purchasing and selling equity of the same listed enterprise in the open market (the listed enterprise exception ); or (ii) the selling non-resident enterprise would have been exempted from enterprise income tax in China pursuant to applicable tax treaties or tax arrangements, if it had directly held and transferred such Chinese interests that were indirectly transferred. The China indirect transfer rules do not apply to gains recognized by individual stockholders. However, in practice, there have been a few reported cases of individuals being taxed on the indirect transfer of Chinese interests and the law could be changed so as to apply to individual stockholders, possibly with retroactive effect. In addition, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and relevant regulations IITL ), revised effective January 1, 2019, impose general anti-avoidance tax rules GAAR on transactions conducted by individuals. As a result, if the China tax authority invokes the GAAR and deems that indirect transfers made by individual stockholders lack reasonable commercial purposes, any gains recognized on such transfers might be subject to individual income tax in China at the standard rate of 20 . 
 
 It is unclear whether stockholders that acquired our stock through the distribution or the Global Offering will be treated as acquiring such stock in an open market purchase. If such stock is not treated as acquired in an open market purchase, the listed transaction exception will not be available for transfers of such stock. We expect that transfers in open market transactions of our stock by corporate or other non-individual stockholders that have purchased our stock in open market transactions will not be taxable under the China indirect transfer rules due to the listed enterprise exception. Transfers, whether in the open market or otherwise, of our stock by corporate and other non-individual stockholders that acquired our stock in the distribution or the Global Offering or in non-open market transactions may be taxable under the China indirect transfer rules and our China subsidiaries may have filing obligations in respect of such transfers, upon the request of relevant Chinese tax authorities. Transfers of our stock in non-open market transactions by corporate and other non-individual stockholders may be taxable under the China indirect transfer rules, whether or not such stock was acquired in open market transactions, and our China subsidiaries may have filing obligations in respect of such transfers upon the request of relevant Chinese tax authorities. Corporate and other non-individual stockholders may be exempt from taxation under the China indirect transfer rules with respect to transfers of our stock if they are tax resident in a country or region that has a tax treaty or arrangement with China that provides for a capital gains tax exemption and they qualify for that exemption. 
 
 In addition, we may be subject to these indirect transfer rules in the event of any future sale of a China resident enterprise through the sale of a non-Chinese holding company, or the purchase of a China resident enterprise through the purchase of a non-Chinese holding company. Our company and other non-resident enterprises in our group may be subject to filing obligations or taxation if our company and other non-resident enterprises in our group are transferors in such transactions, and may be subject to withholding obligations if our company and other non-resident enterprises in our group are transferees in such transactions. 
 48 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

There may be difficulties in effecting service of legal process, conducting investigations, collecting evidence, enforcing foreign judgments or bringing original actions in China based on United States or other foreign laws against us and our management. 
 
 We conduct substantially all of our operations in China and substantially all of our long-lived assets are located in China. Our executive officers, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and a majority of our directors reside within mainland China and/or Hong Kong or spend significant amounts of time in mainland China and/or Hong Kong. As a result, it may not be possible to effect service of process within the United States or elsewhere outside of China upon these persons, including with respect to matters arising under applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws. In addition, there are significant legal and other obstacles in China to providing information needed for regulatory investigations or litigation initiated by regulators outside China. Overseas regulators may have difficulties in conducting investigations or collecting evidence within China. It may also be difficult for investors to bring an original lawsuit against us or our directors or executive officers based on U.S. federal securities laws in a Chinese court. Moreover, China does not have treaties with the United States providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments of courts. Therefore, even if a judgment were obtained against us or our management for matters arising under U.S. federal or state securities laws or other applicable U.S. federal or state law, it may be difficult to enforce such a judgment. 
 
 The Chinese government may determine that the variable interest entity structure of Daojia does not comply with Chinese laws on foreign investment in restricted industries. 
 
 Through the acquisition of Daojia, we also acquired a variable interest entity VIE and subsidiaries of the VIE in China effectively controlled by Daojia. 
 
 Chinese laws and regulations restrict and impose conditions on foreign investment in certain internet business, such as internet content services. For example, foreign investors are generally not permitted to own more than 50 of the equity interests in an internet content provider or other value-added telecommunication service provider. Accordingly, a VIE structure has been adopted by many China-based companies, including Daojia, to obtain necessary licenses and permits in such industries that are currently subject to foreign investment restrictions in China. Daojia operates these businesses in China through its consolidated affiliated entities. Daojia has entered into a series of contractual arrangements with its consolidated affiliated entities and the nominee shareholders of its consolidated affiliated entities. These contractual arrangements allow Daojia to: 
 receive substantially all of the economic benefits and absorb all of the expected losses from its consolidated affiliated entities; 

exercise effective control over its consolidated affiliated entities; and 

hold an exclusive option to purchase all or part of the equity interests in its consolidated affiliated entities when and to the extent permitted by Chinese law. 

However, the VIE structure and contractual arrangements described above may not be as effective in providing control over Daojia s consolidated affiliated entities as direct ownership. The VIE structure may result in unauthorized use of indicia of corporate power or authority, such as chops and seals. Control over Daojia s consolidated affiliated entities may also be jeopardized if the shareholders holding equity interest in the consolidated affiliated entities breach the terms of the contractual agreements. 
 In addition, there are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of current Chinese laws, rules and regulations related to VIE structure. It is also uncertain whether any new Chinese laws, rules or regulations relating to VIE structure will be adopted, or if adopted, what their implications would be on Daojia. If the VIE structure is found to be in violation of any existing or future Chinese laws, rules or regulations, the relevant PRC regulatory bodies would have broad discretion to take action in dealing with these violations, including revoking the business and operating licenses of Daojia s consolidated affiliated entities, requiring Daojia to restructure its operations or taking other regulatory or enforcement actions against Daojia. The contractual arrangements may also be (i) disregarded by the PRC tax authorities and result in increased tax liabilities; or (ii) found by Chinese government authorities, courts or arbitral tribunals to be unenforceable. Any of the foregoing could result in a material adverse effect on Daojia s business operations. 
 
 49 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Certain defects caused by non-registration of our lease agreements related to certain properties occupied by us in China may materially and adversely affect our ability to use such properties. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we leased over 10,000 properties in China, and to our knowledge, the lessors of most properties leased by us, most of which are used as premises for our restaurants, had not registered the lease agreements with government authorities in China. 
 
 According to Chinese laws, a lease agreement is generally required to be registered with the relevant land and real estate administration bureau. However, the enforcement of this legal requirement varies depending on the local regulations and practices and, in cities where we operate a significant number of restaurants, the local land and real estate administration bureaus no longer require registration or no longer impose fines for failure to register the lease agreements. In addition, our standard lease agreements require the lessors to make such registration and, although we have proactively requested that the applicable lessors complete or cooperate with us to complete the registration in a timely manner, we are unable to control whether and when such lessors will do so. 
 
 A failure to register a lease agreement will not invalidate the lease agreement but may subject the parties to a fine. Depending on the local regulations, the lessor alone or both the lessor and lessee are under the obligation to register a lease agreement with the relevant land and real estate administration bureau. In the event that a fine is imposed on both the lessor and lessee, and if we are unable to recover from the lessor any fine paid by us based on the terms of the lease agreement, such fine will be borne by us. 
 
 To date, the operation of our restaurants has not been materially disrupted due to the non-registration of our lease agreements. No fines, actions or claims have been instituted against us or, to our knowledge, the lessors with respect to the non-registration of our lease agreements. However, we cannot assure you that our lease agreements relating to, and our right to use and occupy, our premises will not be challenged in the future. 
 
 Our restaurants are susceptible to risks in relation to unexpected land acquisitions, building closures or demolitions. 
 
 The Chinese government has the statutory power to acquire any land use rights of land plots and the buildings thereon in China in the public interest subject to certain legal procedures. Under the Regulations for the Expropriation of and Compensation for Housing on State-owned Land, issued by the State Council, which became effective as of January 21, 2011, there is no legal provision that the tenant of an expropriated property is entitled to compensation. Generally speaking, only the owner of such property is entitled to compensation from the government. The claims of the tenant against the landlord will be subject to the terms of the lease agreement. In the event of any compulsory acquisition, closure or demolition of any of the properties at which our restaurants or facilities are situated, we may not receive any compensation from the government or the landlord. In such event, we may be forced to close the affected restaurant(s) or relocate to other locations, which may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 Any failure to comply with Chinese regulations regarding our employee equity incentive plans may subject Chinese plan participants or us to fines and other legal or administrative sanctions. 
 
 Pursuant to SAFE Circular 37, China residents who participate in share incentive plans in overseas non-publicly listed companies may submit applications to SAFE or its local branches for foreign exchange registration with respect to offshore special purpose companies. We and our directors, executive officers and other employees who are Chinese citizens or who have resided in China for a continuous period of not less than one year and who have been granted restricted shares, restricted stock units RSUs ), performance share units PSUs ), stock appreciation rights SARs ), or stock options (collectively, the share-based awards are subject to the Notice on Issues Concerning the Foreign Exchange Administration for Domestic Individuals Participating in Stock Incentive Plan of Overseas Publicly Listed Company, issued by SAFE in February 2012, according to which, employees, directors, supervisors and other management members participating in any stock incentive plan of an overseas publicly-listed company who are Chinese citizens or who are non-Chinese citizens residing in China for a continuous period of not less than one year, subject to limited exceptions, are required to register with SAFE through a domestic qualified agent, which could be a Chinese subsidiary of such overseas listed company, and complete certain other procedures. Failure to complete SAFE registrations may result in fines and legal sanctions and may also limit our ability to make payments under our equity incentive plans or receive dividends or sales proceeds related thereto, or our ability to contribute additional capital into our wholly-foreign owned enterprises in China and limit our wholly-foreign owned enterprises ability to distribute dividends to us. We also face regulatory uncertainties that could restrict our ability to adopt additional equity incentive plans for our directors and employees under Chinese law. 
 
 50 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

In addition, the STA has issued circulars concerning employees share-based awards. Under these circulars, employees working in China who exercise share options and SARs, or whose restricted shares, RSUs or PSUs vest, will be subject to Chinese individual income tax. The Chinese subsidiaries of an overseas listed company have obligations to file documents related to employees share-based awards with relevant tax authorities and to withhold individual income taxes of those employees related to their share-based awards. Although we currently intend to withhold income tax from our Chinese employees in connection with their exercise of options and SARs and the vesting of their restricted shares, RSUs and PSUs, if the employees fail to pay, or our Chinese subsidiaries fail to withhold, their income taxes according to relevant laws, rules and regulations, our Chinese subsidiaries may face sanctions imposed by the tax authorities or other Chinese government authorities. 
 
 Failure to make adequate contributions to various employee benefit plans as required by Chinese regulations may subject us to penalties. 
 
 Companies operating in China are required to participate in various government-sponsored employee benefit plans, including certain social insurance, housing funds and other welfare-oriented payment obligations, and contribute to the plans in amounts equal to certain percentages of salaries, including bonuses and allowances, of their employees up to a maximum amount specified by the local government from time to time at locations where they operate their businesses. While we believe we comply with all material aspects of relevant regulations, the requirements governing employee benefit plans have not been implemented consistently by the local governments in China given the different levels of economic development in different locations. If we are subject to late fees or fines in relation to the underpaid employee benefits, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 
 Proceedings instituted by the SEC against certain China-based accounting firms, including our independent registered public accounting firm, could result in our financial statements being determined to not be in compliance with the requirements of the Exchange Act. 
 
 In late 2012, the SEC commenced administrative proceedings under Rule 102(e) of its Rules of Practice and also under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 against the Chinese member firms of the big four accounting firms, including our independent registered public accounting firm. The Rule 102(e) proceedings initiated by the SEC relate to the failure of these firms to produce certain documents, including audit work papers, in response to a request from the SEC pursuant to Section 106 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The auditors located in China claim they are not in a position lawfully to produce such documents directly to the SEC because of restrictions under Chinese law and specific directives issued by the CSRC. The issues raised by the proceedings are not specific to our auditor or to us, but potentially affect equally all PCAOB-registered audit firms based in China and all businesses based in China (or with substantial operations in China) with securities listed in the United States. In addition, auditors based outside of China are subject to similar restrictions under Chinese law and CSRC directives in respect of audit work that is carried out in China which supports the audit opinions issued on financial statements of entities with substantial China operations. 
 
 In January 2014, the administrative judge reached an initial decision that the Chinese member firms of the big four accounting firms should be barred from practicing before the SEC for a period of six months. In February 2015, the Chinese member firms of the big four accounting firms reached a settlement with the SEC. As part of the settlement, each of the big four accounting firms agreed to a censure and to pay a fine to the SEC to settle the dispute with the SEC and stay the proceedings for four years; under the terms of the settlement, the proceedings were deemed dismissed with prejudice in February 2019. It remains unclear whether the SEC will commence new administrative proceedings against all four firms. 
 
 If our independent registered public accounting firm were denied, even temporarily, the ability to practice before the SEC, and we are unable to timely find another independent registered public accounting firm to audit and issue an opinion on our financial statements, our financial statements could be determined not to be in compliance with the requirements of the Exchange Act. Such a determination could ultimately lead to delisting of our common stock from the New York Stock Exchange. Moreover, any negative news about the proceedings against these audit firms may adversely affect investor confidence in companies with substantial China-based operations listed on securities exchanges in the United States. All of these factors could materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock and our ability to access the capital markets. 
 
 51 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Chinese regulation of loans to, and direct investment in, Chinese entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion may restrict or prevent us from making loans or additional capital contributions to our Chinese subsidiaries, which may materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business. 
 
 We are a Delaware holding company conducting our operations in China through our Chinese subsidiaries. We may make loans to our Chinese subsidiaries, or we may make additional capital contributions to our Chinese subsidiaries, or we may establish new Chinese subsidiaries and make capital contributions to these new Chinese subsidiaries, or we may acquire offshore entities with business operations in China in an offshore transaction. 
 
 Most of these uses are subject to Chinese regulations and approvals. For example, loans by us to our wholly-owned Chinese subsidiaries to finance their activities cannot exceed statutory limits and must be registered with the local counterparts of SAFE. If we decide to finance our wholly-owned Chinese subsidiaries by means of capital contributions, in practice, we might be still required to obtain approval from the MOFCOM or its local counterparts. 
 
 On April 8, 2015, SAFE promulgated the Circular on the Reform of the Administrative Method of the Settlement of Foreign Currency Capital of Foreign-Invested Enterprises, or Circular 19, which became effective as of June 1, 2015. Among other things, under Circular 19, foreign-invested enterprises may either continue to follow the payment-based foreign currency settlement system or elect to follow the conversion-at-will of foreign currency settlement system. Where a foreign-invested enterprise follows the conversion-at-will of foreign currency settlement system, it may convert any or 100 of the amount of the foreign currency in its capital account into RMB at any time. The converted RMB will be kept in a designated account known as Settled but Pending Payment Account, and if the foreign-invested enterprise needs to make further payment from such designated account, it still needs to provide supporting documents and go through the review process with its bank. If under special circumstances the foreign-invested enterprise cannot provide supporting documents in time, Circular 19 grants the banks the power to provide a grace period to the enterprise and make the payment before receiving the supporting documents. The foreign-invested enterprise will then need to submit the supporting documents within 20 working days after payment. In addition, foreign-invested enterprises are now allowed to use their converted RMB to make equity investments in China under Circular 19. However, foreign-invested enterprises are still required to use the converted RMB in the designated account within their approved business scope under the principle of authenticity and self-use. It remains unclear whether a common foreign-invested enterprise, other than such special types of enterprises as holding companies, venture capital or private equity firms, can use the converted RMB in the designated account to make equity investments if equity investment or similar activities are not within their approved business scope. 
 
 In light of the various requirements imposed by Chinese regulations on loans to and direct investment in Chinese entities by offshore holding companies as discussed above, we cannot assure you that we will be able to complete the necessary government registrations or obtain the necessary government approvals on a timely basis, or at all, with respect to future loans by us to our Chinese subsidiaries or with respect to future capital contributions by us to our Chinese subsidiaries. If we fail to complete such registrations or obtain such approvals, our ability to capitalize or otherwise fund our Chinese operations may be negatively affected, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business. 
 
 Regulations regarding acquisitions may impose significant regulatory approval and review requirements, which could make it more difficult for us to pursue growth through acquisitions. 
 
 Under the PRC Anti-monopoly Law, companies undertaking certain investments and acquisitions relating to businesses in China must notify the anti-monopoly enforcement agency in advance of any transactions which are deemed a concentration and where the parties revenues in the China market exceed certain thresholds as stipulated in the Provisions of the State Council on the Thresholds for Declaring Concentration of Business Operators. In addition, on August 8, 2006, six PRC regulatory agencies, including the MOFCOM, the State-Owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, the STA, the State Administration for Industry and Commerce of the People's Republic of China, the CSRC and the SAFE, jointly adopted the Provisions of the Ministry of Commerce on M A of a Domestic Enterprise by Foreign Investors M A Rules ), which came into effect on September 8, 2006 and was amended on June 22, 2009. Under the M A Rules, the approval of MOFCOM must be obtained in circumstances where overseas companies established or controlled by PRC enterprises or residents acquire domestic companies affiliated with PRC enterprises or residents. Applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations also require certain merger and acquisition transactions to be subject to security review. 
 
 52 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Due to the level of our revenues, our proposed acquisition of control of, or decisive influence over, any company with revenues within China of more than RMB400 million in the year prior to any proposed acquisition would be subject to the State Administration for Market Regulation SAMR merger control review. As a result of our size, many of the transactions we may undertake could be subject to SAMR merger review. Complying with the requirements of the relevant regulations to complete these transactions could be time consuming, and any required approval processes, including approval from SAMR, may be uncertain and could delay or inhibit our ability to complete these transactions, which could affect our ability to expand our business maintain our market share or otherwise achieve the goals of our acquisition strategy. 
 
 Our ability to carry out our investment and acquisition strategy may be materially and adversely affected by the regulatory authorities current practice, which creates significant uncertainty as to the timing of receipt of relevant approvals and whether transactions that we may undertake would subject us to fines or other administrative penalties and negative publicity and whether we will be able to complete investments and acquisitions in the future in a timely manner or at all. 
 
 The PRC government has significant oversight and discretion to exert control over offerings of our securities conducted outside of China and foreign investment in China-based issuers, and may limit or completely hinder our ability to offer securities to investors, which may cause the value of such securities to significantly decline. 
 
 The PRC government has recently indicated an intent to exert more oversight and control over securities offerings and other capital markets activities that are conducted outside of China and over foreign investment in China-based companies. For example, on July 6, 2021, the relevant PRC government authorities made public the Opinions on Intensifying Crack Down on Illegal Securities Activities. These opinions called for enhanced oversight of overseas listed companies as well as overseas equity fundraising and listing by Chinese companies, and proposed measures such as the construction of regulatory systems to deal with the risks and incidents faced by China-based overseas-listed companies. On February 17, 2023 the CSRC issued the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (the Trial Administrative Measures and five supporting guidelines which will become effective on March 31, 2023. Pursuant to the Trial Administrative Measures, we are required to file with the CSRC within three business days upon completion of any subsequent securities offering in the overseas markets where our securities are currently listed on. Failure to perform our filing obligations may result in penalties imposed on the Company and responsible officers. In addition, we shall report to the CSRC upon occurrence of certain material events, including change of control, investigations or sanctions imposed by overseas securities regulatory authorities, change of listing status or transfer of listing segment, and voluntary or mandatory delisting. 
 
 On November 14, 2021, the CAC released the draft Regulations on Network Data Security Management (the Draft Cyber Data Security Regulations ), which requires, among other things, that a prior cybersecurity review be conducted by the Cybersecurity Review Office before listing overseas for data processors which process over one million users personal information, and for the listing in Hong Kong of data processors which affect or may affect national security. Furthermore, on December 28, 2021, the National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the PRC, and several other administrations jointly published the Revised Cybersecurity Review Measures, which became effective on February 15, 2022 and require, among other things, that a network platform operator holding over one million users personal information must apply with the Cybersecurity Review Office for a cybersecurity review before any public offering or listing outside of mainland PRC and Hong Kong. 
 
 Since the Draft Cyber Data Security Regulations are in the process of being formulated, it remains unclear whether and how these draft rules will ultimately be adopted, interpreted and implemented. Also, it remains unclear how the Revised Cybersecurity Review Measures will be interpreted and implemented. Therefore, it remains uncertain whether we will be required to obtain regulatory approvals from the CAC or any other PRC governmental authorities for offerings outside of mainland China. 
 
 If the CSRC, CAC or other PRC governmental authorities later promulgate new rules or interpretations requiring that we obtain their approval for future offerings or listings outside of mainland China or for foreign investments in our securities, we may be unable to obtain such approvals in a timely manner, or at all. Any such circumstance could significantly or completely limit our ability to raise capital through securities offerings, hinder our ability to execute strategic plans in a timely manner or at all, and could cause the value of our securities to significantly decline. 
 
 53 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Risks Related to the Separation and Related Transactions 
 
 If the distribution does not qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Company could be subject to significant tax liabilities, and, in certain circumstances, the Company could be required to indemnify YUM for material taxes and other related amounts pursuant to indemnification obligations under the tax matters agreement. 
 
 The distribution was conditioned on YUM s receipt of opinions of outside advisors regarding the tax-free treatment of the distribution for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The opinions relied on various assumptions and representations as to factual matters made by YUM and us which, if inaccurate or incomplete in any material respect, would jeopardize the conclusions reached by such advisors in their opinions. The opinions are not binding on the IRS or the courts, and there can be no assurance that the IRS or the courts will not challenge the conclusions stated in the opinions or that any such challenge would not prevail. 
 
 If, notwithstanding receipt of the opinions, the distribution were determined to be a taxable transaction, YUM would be treated as having sold shares of the Company in a taxable transaction, likely resulting in a significant taxable gain. Pursuant to the tax matters agreement, the Company and YCCL agreed to indemnify YUM for any taxes and related losses resulting from any breach of covenants regarding the preservation of the tax-free status of the distribution, certain acquisitions of our equity securities or assets, or those of certain of our affiliates or subsidiaries, and any breach by us or any member of our group of certain representations in the documents delivered by us in connection with the distribution. Therefore, if the distribution fails to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free as a result of one of these actions or events, we may be required to make material payments to YUM under this indemnity. 
 
 YUM may be subject to Chinese indirect transfer tax with respect to the distribution, in which event we could be required to indemnify YUM for material taxes and related amounts pursuant to indemnification obligations under the tax matters agreement. 
 
 As noted above, Bulletin 7 provides that in certain circumstances a non-resident enterprise may be subject to Chinese enterprise income tax on an indirect transfer of Chinese interests. YUM concluded, and we concurred, that it believes that the distribution had a reasonable commercial purpose and that it is more likely than not that YUM will not be subject to this tax with respect to the distribution. However, there are uncertainties regarding the circumstances in which the tax will apply, and there can be no assurances that the Chinese tax authorities will not seek to impose this tax on YUM. 
 
 Pursuant to the tax matters agreement, the Company and YCCL have agreed to indemnify YUM for a portion (tied to the relative market capitalization of YUM and the Company during the 30 trading days after the distribution) of any taxes and related losses resulting from the application of Bulletin 7 to the distribution. Alternatively, if Bulletin 7 applies to the distribution as a result of a breach by the Company or Company group members of certain representations or covenants, or due to certain actions of the Company or Company group members following the distribution, the Company and YCCL generally will indemnify YUM for all such taxes and related losses. Therefore, if YUM is subject to such Chinese tax with respect to the distribution, we may be required to make material payments to YUM under this indemnity. Such payments could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 
 54 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Potential indemnification liabilities owing to YUM pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We separated from YUM on October 31, 2016, becoming an independent, publicly traded company under the ticker symbol YUMC on the New York Stock Exchange on November 1, 2016. As part of the separation and distribution agreement, we agreed to indemnify YUM for claims against YUM relating to Yum China s business prior to the spin-off in 2016 as well as other liabilities. These liabilities include, among others, (i) our failure to pay, perform or otherwise promptly discharge any liabilities or contracts relating to the Company business, in accordance with their respective terms, whether prior to, at or after the distribution; (ii) any guarantee, indemnification obligation, surety bond or other credit support agreement, arrangement, commitment or understanding by YUM for our benefit, unless related to liabilities primarily associated with the YUM business; (iii) certain tax liabilities related to Bulletin 7 under PRC tax laws, which provides that in certain circumstances a non-resident enterprise may be subject to Chinese enterprise income tax on an indirect transfer of Chinese interests; (iv) any breach by us of the separation and distribution agreement or any of the ancillary agreements or any action by us in contravention of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws; and (v) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, with respect to all information contained in the information statement relating to the distribution or any other disclosure document that describes the separation or the distribution or the Company and its subsidiaries or primarily relates to the transactions contemplated by the separation and distribution agreement, subject to certain exceptions. If we are required to indemnify YUM under the circumstances set forth in the separation and distribution agreement, we may be subject to substantial liabilities. 
 
 In connection with the separation, YUM has agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities. However, there can be no assurance that the indemnity will be sufficient to insure us against the full amount of such liabilities, or that YUM s ability to satisfy its indemnification obligation will not be impaired in the future. 
 
 Pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement and certain other agreements we entered into with YUM, YUM has agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities set forth in the separation and distribution agreement. However, third parties could also seek to hold us responsible for any of the liabilities that YUM has agreed to retain, and there can be no assurance that the indemnity from YUM will be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of such liabilities, or that YUM will be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations. In addition, YUM s insurers may attempt to deny us coverage for liabilities associated with certain occurrences of indemnified liabilities prior to the separation. Moreover, even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from YUM or such insurance providers any amounts for which we are held liable, we may be temporarily required to bear these losses. Each of these risks could negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 A court could require that we assume responsibility for obligations allocated to YUM under the separation and distribution agreement. 
 
 Under the separation and distribution agreement and related ancillary agreements, from and after the separation, each of YUM and the Company will be generally responsible for the debts, liabilities and other obligations related to the business or businesses which they own and operate following the consummation of the separation. Although we do not expect to be liable for any obligations that are not allocated to us under the separation and distribution agreement, a court could disregard the allocation agreed to between the parties, and require that we assume responsibility for obligations allocated to YUM (for example, tax and/or environmental liabilities), particularly if YUM were to refuse or were unable to pay or perform the allocated obligations. 
 
 Potential liabilities may arise due to fraudulent transfer considerations, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 In connection with the separation and distribution, YUM completed several corporate reorganization transactions involving its subsidiaries which, along with the separation and distribution, may be subject to federal and state fraudulent conveyance and transfer laws. If, under these laws, a court were to determine that, at the time of the separation and distribution, any entity involved in these reorganization transactions or the separation and distribution: 
 was insolvent; 

was rendered insolvent by reason of the separation and distribution or a related transaction; 

55 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

had remaining assets constituting unreasonably small capital; or 

intended to incur, or believed it would incur, debts beyond its ability to pay these debts as they matured, 

then the court could void the separation and distribution, in whole or in part, as a fraudulent conveyance or transfer. The court could then require our stockholders to return to YUM some or all of the shares of Company common stock issued in the distribution, or require YUM or the Company, as the case may be, to fund liabilities of the other company for the benefit of creditors. The measure of insolvency will vary depending upon the jurisdiction whose law is being applied. Generally, however, an entity would be considered insolvent if the fair value of its assets was less than the amount of its liabilities, or if it was unable to pay its liabilities as they mature. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 
 The Company cannot guarantee the timing or amount of dividends on, or repurchases of, its common stock. 
 
 We intend to retain a significant portion of our earnings to finance the operation, development and growth of our business. Our board of directors commenced a quarterly cash dividend in October 2017, which was temporarily suspended during part of 2020 due to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. Any future determination to declare and pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other things, our financial condition, results of operations, actual or anticipated cash requirements, tax considerations, contractual or regulatory restrictions and such other factors as our board of directors deems relevant. Our board of directors has also authorized a 2.4 billion share repurchase program (including its most recent increase in authorization on March 17, 2022), which was temporarily suspended during part of 2020 and 2021 due to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. Repurchases under the program will be at the discretion of management and we cannot guarantee the timing or amount of any share repurchases. For more information, see Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 The different characteristics of the capital markets in Hong Kong and the U.S. may negatively affect the trading prices of our shares. 
 We are subject to both New York Stock Exchange and Hong Kong Stock Exchange listing and regulatory requirements concurrently. The Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange have different trading hours, trading characteristics (including trading volume and liquidity), trading and listing rules, and investor bases (including different levels of retail and institutional participation). As a result of these differences, the trading prices of shares of our common stock may not be the same on the two exchanges, even allowing for currency differences. Certain events having significant negative impact specifically on the U.S. capital markets may result in a decline in the trading price of our shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange notwithstanding that such event may not impact the trading prices of securities listed in Hong Kong generally or to the same extent, or vice versa. Because of the different characteristics of the U.S. and Hong Kong capital markets, the historical market prices of our shares may not be indicative of the trading performance of the shares in the future. 
 
 The interests of the Investors may differ from the interests of other holders of Company common stock. 
 
 In connection with the separation and distribution, Pollos Investment L.P., an affiliate of Primavera Capital Group Primavera ), and API (Hong Kong) Investment Limited, an affiliate of Zhejiang Ant Small and Micro Financial Services Group Co., Ltd. Ant Financial and together with Primavera, the Investors acquired 18,360,483 shares of Yum China common stock. In addition, the Investors have the ability to acquire additional shares of Company common stock in the open market (subject to an aggregate beneficial ownership interest limit of 19.9 ). 
 
 The interests of the Investors may differ from those of other holders of Company common stock in material respects. For example, the Investors may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures, financings or other transactions that could enhance their respective equity portfolios, even though such transactions might involve risks to holders of Company common stock. The Investors may, from time to time in the future, acquire interests in businesses that directly or indirectly compete with certain portions of the Company s business or are suppliers or customers of the Company. Additionally, the Investors may determine that the disposition of some or all of their interests in the Company would be beneficial to the Investors at a time when such disposition could be detrimental to the other holders of Company common stock. 
 
 56 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents and Delaware law might discourage or delay acquisition attempts for us that you might consider favorable. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions, summarized below, that could make it more difficult to acquire control of the Company by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or otherwise, or to remove incumbent officers and directors. Further, as a Delaware corporation, we are subject to provisions of Delaware law, which may impair a takeover attempt that our stockholders may find beneficial. These provisions might discourage certain types of coercive takeover practices and takeover bids that our board of directors may consider inadequate or delay acquisition attempts for us that holders of Company common stock might consider favorable. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws provide that such bylaws may be amended by our board of directors or by the affirmative vote of a majority of our stockholders entitled to vote. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation expressly eliminates the right of our stockholders to act by written consent. Accordingly, stockholder action must take place at the annual or a special meeting of our stockholders. 

Our amended and restated bylaws establish advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals and nomination of candidates for election as directors other than nominations made by or at the direction of our board of directors or a committee of our board of directors. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting, which means that stockholders are denied the right to cumulate votes in the election of directors. 

Subject to applicable regulatory requirements, our board of directors has the authority to issue preferred stock, which could potentially be used to discourage attempts by third parties to obtain control of our company through a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise by making such attempts more difficult or more costly. 

General Risk Factors 
 
 We could be party to litigation that could adversely affect us by increasing our expenses, diverting management attention or subjecting us to significant monetary damages and other remedies. 
 
 We are involved in legal proceedings from time to time. These proceedings do or could include consumer, employment, real estate-related, tort, intellectual property, breach of contract and other litigation. As a public company, we may in the future also be involved in legal proceedings alleging violation of securities laws or derivative litigation. Plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits often seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss relating to such lawsuits may not be accurately estimated. Regardless of whether any claims against us are valid, or whether we are ultimately held liable, such litigation may be expensive to defend and may divert resources and management attention away from our operations and negatively impact reported earnings. With respect to insured claims, a judgment for monetary damages in excess of any insurance coverage could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. Any adverse publicity resulting from these allegations may also adversely affect our reputation, which in turn could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 In addition, the restaurant industry around the world has been subject to claims that relate to the nutritional content of food products, as well as claims that the menus and practices of restaurant chains have led to customer health issues, including weight gain and other adverse effects. We may also be subject to these types of claims in the future and, even if we are not, publicity about these matters (particularly directed at the quick-service and fast-casual segments of the restaurant industry) may harm our reputation and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 57 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Generally accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, including revenue recognition, long-lived asset impairment, impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, lease accounting, share-based compensation and recoverability of deferred tax assets are highly complex and involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments. Changes in these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance or financial condition. New accounting guidance may require systems and other changes that could increase our operating costs and/or change our financial statements. For example, implementing the new lease standard issued by Financial Accounting Standards Board requires us to make significant changes to our lease management system and other accounting systems, and results in changes to our financial statements. 
 
 Our insurance policies may not provide adequate coverage for all claims associated with our business operations. 
 
 We have obtained insurance policies that we believe are customary and appropriate for businesses of our size and type and at least in line with the standard commercial practice in China. However, there are types of losses we may incur that cannot be insured against or that we believe are not cost effective to insure, such as loss of reputation. If we were held liable for uninsured losses or amounts or claims for insured losses exceeding the limits of our insurance coverage, our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Unforeseeable business interruptions could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our operations are vulnerable to interruption by natural disasters, such as fires, floods and earthquakes, war, terrorism, power failures and power shortages, hardware and software failures, computer viruses and other events beyond our control. In particular, our business is dependent on prompt delivery and reliable transportation of our food products by our logistics partners. Unforeseeable events, such as adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, severe traffic accidents and delays, non-cooperation of our logistics partners, and labor strikes, could lead to delay or lost deliveries to our restaurants, which may result in the loss of revenue or in customer claims. There may also be instances where the conditions of fresh, chilled or frozen food products, being perishable goods, deteriorate due to delivery delays, malfunctioning of refrigeration facilities or poor handling during transportation by our logistics partners. This may result in a failure by us to provide quality food and services to customers, thereby affecting our business and potentially damaging our reputation. Any such events experienced by us could disrupt our operations. In addition, insurance may not be available to cover losses due to business interruptions resulting from public health issues. 
 
 Failure by us to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the rules of the SEC could harm our business and results of operations and/or result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We are required to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and effective internal control over financial reporting in connection with our filing of periodic reports with the SEC under the Exchange Act. 
 
 We may fail to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, and our management and our independent registered public accounting firm may not be able to conclude that we have effective internal control over financial reporting at a reasonable assurance level. This may in turn cause investors to lose confidence in our financial statements and negatively impact the trading price of our common stock. Furthermore, we have incurred substantial costs, and may need to incur additional costs and use additional management and other resources, to comply with these requirements going forward. 
 
 If we fail to remedy any material weakness, our financial statements may be inaccurate and we may face restricted access to the capital markets, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 58 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

The Company s stock price may fluctuate significantly. 
 
 The trading price of shares of our common stock can be volatile and could fluctuate widely in response to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, the performance and fluctuation of the market prices of other companies with business operations located mainly in China that have listed their securities in Hong Kong and/or the United States may affect the volatility in the prices of and trading volumes for our shares. Some of these companies have experienced significant volatility. The trading performances of these companies securities at the time of or after their offerings may affect the overall investor sentiment towards other companies with business operations located mainly in China and listed in Hong Kong and/or the United States and consequently may impact the trading performance of our shares. In addition to market and industry factors, the prices and trading volumes for our shares may be highly volatile for specific business reasons, including: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in the our results of operations; 

significant liability claims, health concerns, food contamination complaints from our customers, shortages or interruptions in the availability of food or other supplies, or reports of incidents of food tampering; 

foreign exchange issues; 

geopolitical instability, conflict, or social unrest in the markets in which we operate, in Hong Kong, the United States or worldwide; 

changes in the regulatory, legal and political environment in which we operate, in Hong Kong, the United States or worldwide; 

the domestic and worldwide economies as a whole; or 

the delisting of our common stock from the New York Stock Exchange. See Risks Related to Doing Business in China The audit report included in this Form 10-K is prepared by auditors who are located in China, and in the event the PCAOB is unable to inspect our auditors, our common stock will be subject to potential delisting from the New York Stock Exchange. 

Any of these factors may result in large and sudden changes in the volume and trading price of our shares. 
 Substantial future sales or perceived potential sales of our shares in the public market could cause the price of our shares to decline significantly. 
 Sales of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales could occur, could cause the market price of our shares to decline significantly. Divesture in the future of our shares by stockholders, the announcement of any plan to divest our shares, or hedging activity by third-party financial institutions in connection with similar derivative or other financing arrangements entered into by stockholders, could cause the price of our shares to decline. 
 
 Your percentage of ownership in the Company may be diluted in the future. 
 
 In the future, your percentage ownership in the Company may be diluted because of equity awards that we grant to our directors, officers and employees or otherwise as a result of equity issuances for acquisitions or capital market transactions. The Company s and certain of YUM s employees have equity awards with respect to Company common stock as a result of conversion of their YUM equity awards (in whole or in part) to Company equity awards in connection with the distribution. From time to time, the Company will issue additional stock-based awards to its employees under the Company s employee benefit plans. Such awards will have a dilutive effect on the Company s earnings per share, which could adversely affect the market price of Company common stock. 
 
 In addition, subject to applicable regulatory requirements, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue one or more classes or series of preferred stock that have such designation, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, including preferences over Company common stock respecting dividends and distributions, as our board of directors generally may determine. The terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of Company common stock. Similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences we could assign to holders of preferred stock could affect the residual value of the common stock. 
 
 59 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 
 As of year-end 2022, the Company had 11,161 Company-owned units in China. Of these Company-owned units, 11,105 units were leased properties and 56 units were owned properties. The leased Company-owned units are further detailed as follows: 
 
 KFC leased properties for 8,174 units. 

Pizza Hut leased properties for 2,745 units. 

Other restaurant concepts leased properties for 186 units. 

Company-owned restaurants in China are generally leased for initial terms of 10 to 20 years and generally do not have renewal options. 
 
 We also lease our corporate headquarters in Shanghai and Dallas, Texas in the U.S., and regional offices and an innovation center in China, and own building, land use rights, or both for 15 non-store properties, which primarily include logistics centers, seasoning facilities and office buildings for Little Sheep and Huang Ji Huang. We sublease over 150 properties to franchisees and other third parties. Additional information about the Company s leased properties is included in Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8. We believe that our properties are generally in good operating condition and are suitable for the purposes for which they are being used. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 We are subject to various lawsuits covering a variety of allegations from time to time. We believe that the ultimate liability, if any, in excess of amounts already provided for these matters in the Consolidated Financial Statements, is not likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company s annual results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Matters faced by the Company from time to time include, but are not limited to, claims from landlords, employees, guests and others related to operational, contractual or employment issues. We are not involved in any material legal proceedings as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safe ty Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 60 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stoc kholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 Market for Yum China Common Stock 
 
 Yum China common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol YUMC and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange HKEX under the stock code 9987. Yum China common stock commenced trading on the NYSE on a when-issued basis on October 17, 2016 and began regular way trading on November 1, 2016. On September 10, 2020, the Company completed a secondary listing of its common stock on the Main Board of the HKEX. On October 24, 2022, the Company s voluntary conversion of its secondary listing status to a primary listing status on the HKEX became effective and the Company became a dual primary listed company on the NYSE and HKEX. On the same day, the Company s shares of common stock traded on the HKEX were included in the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect. The Company s common stock listed on the NYSE and HKEX continue to be fully fungible. 
 
 As of February 22, 2023, there were 36,708 holders of record of Yum China s common stock. The number of registered holders does not include holders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. 
 
 Dividends and Share Repurchases 
 
 We intend to retain a significant portion of our earnings to finance the operation, development and growth of our business. We have paid a quarterly cash dividend on Yum China common stock since the fourth quarter of 2017, except for the second and third quarter of 2020 due to the unprecedented effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. In 2022, the Company declared and paid a quarterly cash dividend of 0.12 per share. Our board of directors declared an increase in the cash dividend to 0.13 per share on Yum China s common stock in February 2023. Any determination to declare and pay future cash dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other things, our financial condition, results of operations, actual or anticipated cash requirements, contractual or regulatory restrictions, tax considerations and such other factors as our board of directors deems relevant. 
 
 In addition, our ability to declare and pay any dividends on our stock may be restricted by earnings available for distribution under applicable Chinese laws. The laws, rules and regulations applicable to our Chinese subsidiaries permit payments of dividends only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance with applicable Chinese accounting standards and regulations. Under Chinese law, an enterprise incorporated in China is required to set aside at least 10 of its after-tax profits each year, after making up previous years accumulated losses, if any, to fund certain statutory reserve funds, until the aggregate amount of such a fund reaches 50 of its registered capital. As a result, our Chinese subsidiaries are restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to us in the form of dividends. At the discretion of the board of directors, as an enterprise incorporated in China, each of our Chinese subsidiaries may allocate a portion of its after-tax profits based on Chinese accounting standards to staff welfare and bonus funds. These reserve funds and staff welfare and bonus funds are not distributable as cash dividends. 
 
 Our board of directors has authorized an aggregate of 2.4 billion for our share repurchase program, including its most recent increase in authorization on March 17, 2022. Yum China may repurchase shares under this program from time to time in the open market or, subject to applicable regulatory requirements, through privately negotiated transactions, block trades, accelerated share repurchase transactions and the use of Rule 10b5-1 trading plans. The following table provides information, as of December 31, 2022, with respect to shares of common stock repurchased by Yum China under the authorization during the quarter then ended: 

Period 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (thousands) 
 
 Average Price Paid Per Share 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (thousands) 
 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased under the Plans or Programs (millions) 

10/1/22-10/31/22 

964 

43.59 

964 

1,162 

11/1/22-11/30/22 

223 

46.48 

223 

1,151 

12/1/22-12/31/22 

1,151 

Cumulative total 

1,187 

44.13 

1,187 

1,151 

61 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Stock Performance Graph 
 
 This graph compares the cumulative total return of our common stock from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022 with the comparable cumulative total return of the S P China BMI, MSCI Asia APEX 50, MSCI China Index and MSCI China Consumer Discretionary Index. The graph assumes that the value of the investment in our common stock and each index was 100 on December 31, 2017 and that all dividends were reinvested. We selected the S P China BMI and MSCI Asia APEX 50 for comparison, as YUMC is an index member of both of these indices. We selected MSCI China Index, as our relative total shareholder return against this index is one of the measures to determine the payout of certain PSU awards. We also selected MSCI China Consumer Discretionary Index, an industry index which includes listed companies in the restaurant industry and other related sectors. 

12/31/2017 
 12/31/2018 
 12/31/2019 
 12/31/2020 
 2021/12/31 
 2022/12/31 

YUMC 
 100 
 85 
 123 
 147 
 129 
 143 

S P China BMI 
 100 
 81 
 99 
 129 
 104 
 81 

MSCI Asia APEX 50 
 100 
 84 
 106 
 142 
 126 
 96 

MSCI China 
 100 
 81 
 100 
 129 
 102 
 80 

MSCI China Consumer Discretionary 
 100 
 61 
 93 
 139 
 90 
 69 

Item 6. [R ESERVED]. 
 
 62 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis MD A should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, the Forward-Looking Statements section at the beginning of this Form 10-K and the Risk Factors section set forth in Item 1A. 
 
 All Note references in this MD A refer to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. of this Form 10-K. Tabular amounts are displayed in millions of U.S. dollars except per share and unit count amounts, or as otherwise specifically identified. Percentages may not recompute due to rounding. Throughout this Form 10-K when we refer to the financial statements, we are referring to the Consolidated Financial Statements, unless the context indicates otherwise. This MD A includes a discussion of our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. For a discussion of our operating results for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, please refer to Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Overview 
 
 Yum China Holdings, Inc. is the largest restaurant company in China in terms of system sales, with 9.6 billion of revenues in 2022 and nearly 13,000 restaurants as of year-end 2022. Our growing restaurant network consists of our flagship KFC and Pizza Hut brands, as well as emerging brands such as Taco Bell, Lavazza, Little Sheep and Huang Ji Huang. We have the exclusive right to operate and sublicense the KFC, Pizza Hut and, subject to achieving certain agreed-upon milestones, Taco Bell brands in China, (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan), and own the intellectual property of the Little Sheep and Huang Ji Huang concepts outright. We also established a joint venture with Lavazza Group, the world-renowned family-owned Italian coffee company, to explore and develop the Lavazza coffee concept in China. KFC was the first major global restaurant brand to enter China in 1987. With more than 35 years of operations, we have developed extensive operating experience in the China market. We have since grown to become the largest restaurant company in China in terms of 2022 system sales, with nearly 13,000 restaurants covering over 1,800 cities primarily in China as of December 31, 2022. We believe that there are significant opportunities to expand within China, and we intend to focus our efforts on increasing our geographic footprint in both existing and new cities. 
 
 KFC is the leading and the largest quick-service restaurant QSR brand in China in terms of system sales. As of December 31, 2022, KFC operated over 9,000 restaurants in more than 1,800 cities across China. KFC primarily competes with western QSR brands in China, such as McDonald s, Dicos and Burger King, among which we believe KFC had an approximate two-to-one lead over its nearest competitor in terms of store count as of the end of 2022. In the third quarter of 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of an additional 25 interest in an unconsolidated affiliate that operates KFC stores in and around Suzhou, China Suzhou KFC ), increasing our equity interest to 72 and allowing the Company to consolidate the entity. In December 2022, the Company acquired an additional 20 equity interest in Suzhou KFC, bringing our total ownership to 92 . In the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of a 28 equity interest in Hangzhou Catering Service Group Hangzhou Catering ), which holds a 45 equity interest in an unconsolidated affiliate that operates KFC stores in and around Hangzhou, China Hangzhou KFC ), increasing our equity interest to approximately 60 directly and indirectly, and allowing the Company to consolidate Hangzhou KFC. 
 
 Pizza Hut is the leading and the largest casual dining restaurant CDR brand in China in terms of system sales and number of restaurants. As of December 31, 2022, Pizza Hut operated over 2,900 restaurants in over 650 cities. Measured by number of restaurants, we believe Pizza Hut had an approximate five-to-one lead over its nearest western CDR competitor in China as of the end of 2022. 
 
 We have two reportable segments: KFC and Pizza Hut. Our remaining non-reportable operating segments, including the operations of Taco Bell, Lavazza, Little Sheep, Huang Ji Huang, COFFii JOY, East Dawning, our delivery operating segment and our e-commerce business, are combined and referred to as All Other Segments, as these operating segments are insignificant both individually and in the aggregate. The Company decided to wind down the operations of the East Dawning brand in 2021, and closed all stores by March 2022. In addition, the Company decided to wind down the operations of COFFii JOY and closed all stores in 2022. The Company will leverage its experience in COFFii JOY to better capture growing coffee market opportunities in China. Additional details on our reportable operating segments are included in Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 63 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

We intend for this MD A to provide the reader with information that will assist in understanding our results of operations, including metrics that management uses to assess the Company s performance. Throughout this MD A, we discuss the following performance metrics: 
 
 The Company provides certain percentage changes excluding the impact of foreign currency translation F/X ). These amounts are derived by translating current year results at prior year average exchange rates. We believe the elimination of the F/X impact provides better year-to-year comparability without the distortion of foreign currency fluctuations. 

System sales growth reflects the results of all restaurants regardless of ownership, including Company-owned, franchise and unconsolidated affiliate restaurants that operate our concepts, except for sales from non-Company-owned restaurants, for which we do not receive a sales-based royalty. Sales of franchise and unconsolidated affiliate restaurants typically generate ongoing franchise fees for the Company at an average rate of approximately 6 of system sales. Franchise and unconsolidated affiliate restaurant sales are not included in Company sales in the Consolidated Statements of Income; however, the franchise fees are included in the Company s revenues. We believe system sales growth is useful to investors as a significant indicator of the overall strength of our business as it incorporates all of our revenue drivers, Company and franchise same-store sales as well as net unit growth. 

Effective January 1, 2018, the Company revised its definition of same-store sales growth to represent the estimated percentage change in sales of food of all restaurants in the Company system that have been open prior to the first day of our prior fiscal year, excluding the period during which stores are temporarily closed. We refer to these as our base stores. Previously, same-store sales growth represented the estimated percentage change in sales of all restaurants in the Company system that have been open for one year or more, including stores temporarily closed, and the base stores changed on a rolling basis from month to month. This revision was made to align with how management measures performance internally and focuses on trends of a more stable base of stores. Prior years have been adjusted accordingly. 

Company sales represent revenues from Company-owned restaurants. Company Restaurant profit Restaurant profit is defined as Company sales less expenses incurred directly by our Company-owned restaurants in generating Company sales, including cost of food and paper, restaurant-level payroll and employee benefits, rent, depreciation and amortization of restaurant-level assets, advertising expenses, and other operating expenses. Company restaurant margin percentage is defined as Restaurant profit divided by Company sales. Within the Company sales and Restaurant profit analysis, Store Portfolio Actions represent the net impact of new-unit openings, acquisitions, refranchising and store closures, and Other primarily represents the impact of same-store sales as well as the impact of changes in restaurant operating costs such as inflation/deflation. 

Results of Operations 
 
 Summary 
 
 All comparisons within this summary are versus the same period a year ago. Refer to Item 1. Business for a discussion of the seasonality of our operations. 
 
 Starting in the first quarter of 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic significantly impacted the Company s operations. Since then, fluid COVID-19 conditions have caused significant volatility in our operations. During the first half of 2022, severe COVID-19 outbreaks in China continued to significantly affect the Company s business and operating profit. Operating profit increased in the third quarter of 2022 when COVID-19 conditions were relatively calmer. However, in October and November 2022, sporadic occurrences of COVID infections quickly evolved into major regional outbreaks, leading to tightened COVID-related health measures and lockdowns. The number of our stores that were either temporarily closed or offered only takeaway and delivery services reached a peak of over 4,300 in late November 2022. In December 2022, the government issued a series of new COVID response guidelines that significantly changed its COVID policies, including removing mass testing and central quarantine requirements as well as lifting travel restrictions. A massive wave of infections quickly surged in the country. Due to widespread infections, we experienced a shortage of restaurant staff which led to over 1,300 stores on average being either temporarily closed or offering limited services in December 2022. As a significant portion of the population was either infected or chose to stay home to avoid infection, dine-in traffic declined substantially. As a result, the Company's operation and financial results were adversely affected in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 
 64 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

In 2022, the Company s total revenues decreased 3 , or increased 1 excluding the impact of F/X, mainly attributable to 1,159 net new stores and the acquisition of Hangzhou KFC, partially offset by same-store sales decline of 7 and 6 at KFC and Pizza Hut, respectively, and temporary store closures due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Operating profit decreased 55 , or 53 excluding the impact of F/X, primarily driven by lapping the re-measurement gain of our previously held equity interest in Hangzhou KFC and Lavazza at fair value upon acquisition in 2021, inflation in commodities and wages, increased rider cost associated with rising delivery volumes and an increase in G A expenses primarily due to higher compensation cost, partially offset by the increase in Company sales, higher labor productivity, operational efficiency and temporary relief provided by landlords and government agencies. Net income for 2022 decreased 55 , or 54 excluding the impact of F/X, mainly due to the decrease in operating profit, partially offset by lower income tax expenses in line with the decrease in pre-tax income. 
 
 2022 financial highlights are below: 

Change 

System Sales (a) 

Same-Store Sales (a) 

Net New Units 

Operating Profit (Reported) 

Operating Profit (Ex F/X) 

KFC 
 
 (4) 

(7) 
 
 +11 

(5) 

(1) 

Pizza Hut 
 
 (3) 

(6) 
 
 +12 

(36) 

(36) 

All Other Segments (b) 
 
 (28) 

(22) 

(8) 

(75) 

(82) 

Total 
 
 (5) 

(7) 
 
 +10 

(55) 

(53) 

(a) System Sales and Same-Store Sales percentages as shown in 2022 financial highlights exclude the impact of F/X. Effective January 1, 2018, temporary store closures are normalized in the same-store sales calculation by excluding the period during which stores are temporarily closed. 

(b) Sales from non-Company-owned restaurants, for which we do not receive a sales-based royalty, are excluded from System Sales and Same-Store Sales. 

65 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

The Consolidated Results of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and other data are presented below: 

B/(W) (a) 

2022 

2021 

Reported 
 
 Ex F/X 

Company sales 

9,110 

8,961 

2 

6 

Franchise fees and income 

81 

153 

(47) 

(45) 

Revenues from transactions with franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates 

287 

663 

(57) 

(55) 

Other revenues 

91 

76 

20 

26 

Total revenues 

9,569 

9,853 

(3) 

1 

Company restaurant expenses 

7,829 

7,734 

(1) 

(5) 

Operating Profit 

629 

1,386 

(55) 

(53) 

Interest income, net 

84 

60 

40 

43 

Investment loss 

(26) 

(54) 

51 

51 

Income tax provision 

(207) 

(369) 

44 

42 

Equity in net earnings (losses) from equity method investments 

(2) 

NM 

NM 

Net income including noncontrolling interests 

478 

1,023 

(53) 

(51) 

Net income noncontrolling interests 

36 

33 

(9) 

(15) 

Net Income Yum China Holdings, Inc. 

442 

990 

(55) 

(54) 

Diluted Earnings Per Common Share 

1.04 

2.28 

(54) 

(53) 

Effective tax rate 

30.1 

26.5 

Supplementary information Non-GAAP Measures (b) 

Restaurant profit 

1,281 

1,227 

4 

8 

Restaurant margin 

14.1 

13.7 

0.4 
 
 ppts. 

0.4 
 
 ppts. 

Adjusted Operating Profit 

633 

766 

Adjusted Net Income 

446 

525 

Adjusted Diluted Earnings Per Common Share 

1.05 

1.21 

Adjusted Effective Tax Rate 

29.9 

27.8 

Adjusted EBITDA 

1,286 

1,330 

NM refers to not meaningful. 
 (a) Represents year-over-year change in percentage. 

(b) See Non-GAAP Measures below for definitions and reconciliations of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures to the non-GAAP measures. 

Performance Metrics 

2022 

Change 

System Sales Decline 

(8) 

System Sales Decline, excluding F/X 

(5) 

Same-Store Sales Decline 

(7) 

Unit Count 
 
 2022 

2021 

Increase 

Company-owned 

11,161 

10,051 

11 

Franchisees 

1,786 

1,737 

3 

12,947 

11,788 

10 

66 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Non-GAAP Measures 
 
 In addition to the results provided in accordance with GAAP throughout this MD A, the Company provides non-GAAP measures adjusted for Special Items, which include Adjusted Operating Profit, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Earnings Per Common Share EPS ), Adjusted Effective Tax Rate and Adjusted EBITDA, which we define as net income including noncontrolling interests adjusted for equity in net earnings (losses) from equity method investments, income tax, interest income, net, investment gain or loss, certain non-cash expenses, consisting of depreciation and amortization as well as store impairment charges, and Special Items. We also use Restaurant profit and restaurant margin (as defined in the Overview section within MD A above) for the purpose of internally evaluating the performance of our Company-owned restaurants and we believe Company restaurant profit and restaurant margin provide useful information to investors as to the profitability of our Company-owned restaurants. 
 
 The following table sets forth the reconciliations of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures to the non-GAAP adjusted financial measures. 
 
 Non-GAAP Reconciliations 
 
 Reconciliation of GAAP Operating Profit to Restaurant Profit 

Year Ended 12/31/2022 

KFC 

Pizza Hut 

All Other Segments 

Corporate and Unallocated 

Elimination 

Total 

GAAP Operating Profit (Loss) 

787 

70 

(50) 

(178) 

629 

Less: 

Franchise fees and income 

56 

7 

18 

81 

Revenues from transactions with franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates 

33 

4 

39 

211 

287 

Other revenues 

10 

10 

563 

42 

(534) 

91 

Add: 

General and administrative expenses 

254 

110 

46 

184 

594 

Franchise expenses 

29 

4 

1 

34 

Expenses for transactions with franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates 

30 

3 

35 

211 

279 

Other operating costs and expenses 

7 

8 

557 

39 

(533) 

78 

Closures and impairment expenses, net 

16 

4 

12 

32 

Other expenses (income), net 

97 

(3) 

94 

Restaurant profit (loss) 

1,121 

178 

(19) 

1 

1,281 

Company sales 

7,120 

1,939 

51 

9,110 

Restaurant margin 

15.7 

9.2 

(37.6) 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

14.1 

67 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Year Ended 12/31/2021 

KFC 

Pizza Hut 

All Other Segments 

Corporate and Unallocated 

Elimination 

Total 

GAAP Operating Profit (Loss) 

827 

111 

(29) 

477 

1,386 

Less: 

Franchise fees and income 

120 

8 

25 

153 

Revenues from transactions with franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates 

59 

6 

98 

500 

663 

Other revenues 

8 

3 

297 

20 

(252) 

76 

Add: 

General and administrative expenses 

240 

111 

42 

171 

564 

Franchise expenses 

59 

4 

1 

64 

Expenses for transactions with franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates 

58 

6 

88 

497 

649 

Other operating costs and expenses 

4 

2 

294 

17 

(252) 

65 

Closures and impairment expenses, net 

20 

7 

7 

34 

Other (income) expenses, net 

(8) 

7 

(642) 

(643) 

Restaurant profit (loss) 

1,013 

224 

(10) 

1,227 

Company sales 

6,816 

2,092 

53 

8,961 

Restaurant margin 

14.9 

10.7 

(20.8) 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

13.7 

Reconciliation of Reported GAAP Results to Non-GAAP Adjusted Measures 
 
 2022 

2021 

Reconciliation of Operating Profit to Adjusted Operating Profit 

Operating Profit 

629 

1,386 

Special Items, Operating Profit 

(4) 

620 

Adjusted Operating Profit 

633 

766 

Reconciliation of Net Income to Adjusted Net Income 

Net Income Yum China Holdings, Inc. 

442 

990 

Special Items, Net Income - Yum China Holdings, Inc. 

(4) 

465 

Adjusted Net Income Yum China Holdings, Inc. 

446 

525 

Reconciliation of EPS to Adjusted EPS 

Basic Earnings Per Common Share 

1.05 

2.34 

Special Items, Basic Earnings Per Common Share 

(0.01) 

1.10 

Adjusted Basic Earnings Per Common Share 

1.06 

1.24 

Diluted Earnings Per Common Share 

1.04 

2.28 

Special Items, Diluted Earnings Per Common Share 

(0.01) 

1.07 

Adjusted Diluted Earnings Per Common Share 

1.05 

1.21 

Reconciliation of Effective Tax Rate to Adjusted Effective Tax Rate 

Effective tax rate (See Note 17) 

30.1 

26.5 

Impact on effective tax rate as a result of Special Items 

0.2 

(1.3) 

Adjusted effective tax rate 

29.9 

27.8 

68 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Net income, along with the reconciliation to Adjusted EBITDA, is presented below: 

2022 

2021 

Reconciliation of Net Income to Adjusted EBITDA 

Net Income Yum China Holdings, Inc. 

442 

990 

Net income noncontrolling interests 

36 

33 

Equity in net (earnings) losses from equity method investments 

2 

Income tax provision 

207 

369 

Interest income, net 

(84) 

(60) 

Investment loss 

26 

54 

Operating Profit 

629 

1,386 

Special Items, Operating Profit 

4 

(620) 

Adjusted Operating Profit 

633 

766 

Depreciation and amortization 

602 

516 

Store impairment charges 

51 

48 

Adjusted EBITDA 

1,286 

1,330 

Details of Special Items are presented below: 

Details of Special Items 
 
 2022 

2021 

Share-based compensation expense for Partner PSU Awards (a) 

(4) 

(8) 

Gain from re-measurement of equity interest upon acquisition (b) 

628 

Special Items, Operating Profit 

(4) 

620 

Tax effect on Special Items (c) 

(155) 

Special Items, net income including noncontrolling interests 

(4) 

465 

Special Items, net income noncontrolling interests 

Special Items, Net Income Yum China Holdings, Inc. 

(4) 

465 

Weighted-Average Diluted Shares Outstanding (in millions) 

425 

434 

Special Items, Diluted Earnings Per Common Share 

(0.01) 

1.07 

(a) In February 2020, the Company granted Partner PSU Awards to select employees who were deemed critical to the Company s execution of its strategic operating plan. These PSU awards will only vest if threshold performance goals are achieved over a four-year performance period, with the payout ranging from 0 to 200 of the target number of shares subject to the PSU awards. Partner PSU Awards were granted to address increased competition for executive talent, motivate transformational performance and encourage management retention. Given the unique nature of these grants, the Compensation Committee does not intend to grant similar, special grants to the same employees during the performance period. The impact from these special awards is excluded from metrics that management uses to assess the Company s performance. 

(b) In the fourth and third quarters of 2021, as a result of the consolidation of Hangzhou KFC and the Lavazza joint venture, the Company recognized a gain of 618 million and 10 million, respectively, from the re-measurement of our previously held equity interest at fair value. The re-measurement gains were not allocated to any segment for performance reporting purposes. (See Note 3 for additional information.) 

(c) Tax effect was determined based upon the nature, as well as the jurisdiction, of each Special Item at the applicable tax rate. 

The Company excludes impact from Special Items for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Special Items are not included in any of our segment results. In addition, the Company provides Adjusted EBITDA because we believe that investors and analysts may find it useful in measuring operating performance without regard to items such as equity in net earnings (losses) from equity method investments, income tax, interest income, net, investment gain or loss, depreciation and amortization, store impairment charges, and Special Items. Store impairment charges included as an adjustment item in Adjusted EBITDA primarily resulted from our semi-annual impairment evaluation of long-lived assets of individual restaurants, and additional impairment evaluation whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. If these restaurant-level assets were not impaired, depreciation of the assets would have been recorded and included in EBITDA. Therefore, store impairment charges were a non-cash item similar to depreciation and amortization of our long-lived assets of restaurants. The Company believes that investors and analysts may find it useful in measuring operating performance without regard to such non-cash item. 
 69 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

These adjusted measures are not intended to replace the presentation of our financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the Company believes that the presentation of these adjusted measures provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present results, excluding those items that the Company does not believe are indicative of our ongoing operations due to their nature. 
 
 Segment Results 
 
 KFC 
 
 KFC delivered a resilient performance in 2022 by accelerating store expansion with attractive returns and maintaining solid profitability. KFC continued to focus on innovative products, creating abundant value for our customers, as well as on upgrading ingredients to meet Chinese consumers needs. KFC also continued its digital and delivery initiatives to enhance the customer experience. KFC s loyalty program members exceeded 380 million at year-end 2022 and contributed approximately 62 of system sales at KFC in 2022. Delivery sales accounted for approximately 38 of Company sales at KFC in 2022 with store and city coverage of 89 and 98 , respectively, at the end of 2022. 

B/(W) 

2022 

2021 

Reported 
 
 Ex F/X 

Company sales 

7,120 

6,816 

4 

9 

Franchise fees and income 

56 

120 

(53) 

(51) 

Revenues from transactions with franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates 

33 

59 

(45) 

(43) 

Other revenues 

10 

8 

26 

33 

Total revenues 

7,219 

7,003 

3 

7 

Company restaurant expenses 

5,999 

5,803 

(3) 

(8) 

G A expenses 

254 

240 

(6) 

(10) 

Franchise expenses 

29 

59 

50 

48 

Expenses for transactions with franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates 

30 

58 

49 

46 

Other operating costs and expenses 

7 

4 

(60) 

(68) 

Closure and impairment expenses, net 

16 

20 

19 

13 

Other expenses (income), net 

97 

(8) 
 
 NM 

NM 

Operating Profit 

787 

827 

(5) 

(1) 

Restaurant profit 

1,121 

1,013 

11 

15 

Restaurant margin 

15.7 

14.9 

0.8 
 
 ppts. 

0.8 
 
 ppts. 

2022 

Change 

System Sales Decline 

(8) 

System Sales Decline, excluding F/X 

(4) 

Same-Store Sales Decline 

(7) 

Unit Count 
 
 2022 

2021 

Increase 

Company-owned 

8,214 

7,437 

10 

Franchisees 

880 

731 

20 

9,094 

8,168 

11 

70 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

2021 

New Builds 

Acquired 

Closures 

Refranchised 

2022 

Company-owned 

7,437 

1,060 

5 

(283) 

(5) 

8,214 

Franchisees 

731 

169 

(5) 

(20) 

5 

880 

Total 

8,168 

1,229 

(303) 

9,094 

Company Sales and Restaurant Profit 
 
 The changes in Company sales and Restaurant profit were as follows: 

Income (Expense) 
 
 2021 

Store Portfolio Actions 

Other 

F/X 

2022 

Company sales 

6,816 

1,052 

(456) 

(292) 

7,120 

Cost of sales 

(2,158) 

(317) 

176 

91 

(2,208) 

Cost of labor 

(1,642) 

(284) 

53 

76 

(1,797) 

Occupancy and other operating expenses 

(2,003) 

(276) 

204 

81 

(1,994) 

Restaurant profit 

1,013 

175 

(23) 

(44) 

1,121 

In 2022, the increase in Company sales, excluding the impact of F/X, was primarily driven by net unit growth and the acquisition of Hangzhou KFC, partially offset by same-store sales decline and temporary store closures due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The increase in Restaurant profit, excluding the impact of F/X, was primarily driven by the increase in Company sales, higher labor productivity, operational efficiency and temporary relief, partially offset by inflation in commodities and wages in the low single digits, as well as increased rider cost associated with a rise of approximately seven percentage points in delivery sales mix from the prior year partially due to more severe outbreaks. 
 
 Franchise Fees and Income 
 
 In 2022, the decrease in Franchise fees and income, excluding the impact of F/X, was primarily driven by the acquisition of Hangzhou KFC in December 2021. 
 
 G A Expenses 
 
 In 2022, the increase in G A expenses, excluding the impact of F/X, was primarily driven by the acquisition of Hangzhou KFC in December 2021 and merit increases. 
 
 Operating Profit 
 
 In 2022, the decrease in Operating profit, excluding the impact of F/X, was primarily driven by same-store sales decline and temporary store closures due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, partially offset by restaurant margin improvement, net unit growth and an increase in Operating profit contributed by the Hangzhou KFC acquisition. 
 
 71 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Pizza Hut 
 
 During 2022, we continued to focus on strengthening Pizza Hut s fundamentals, including investments in products, strengthening our digital capabilities, developing delivery and other channels and enhancing our asset portfolio to drive growth. Pizza Hut s loyalty program members exceeded 130 million at year-end 2022 and contributed approximately 62 of system sales at Pizza Hut in 2022. Delivery sales accounted for approximately 43 of Company sales at Pizza Hut in 2022 with store and city coverage of 96 and 98 , respectively, at the end of 2022. 

B/(W) 

2022 

2021 

Reported 
 
 Ex F/X 

Company sales 

1,939 

2,092 

(7) 

(4) 

Franchise fees and income 

7 

8 

(6) 

(3) 

Revenues from transactions with franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates 

4 

6 

(30) 

(27) 

Other revenue 

10 

3 

256 

280 

Total revenues 

1,960 

2,109 

(7) 

(3) 

Company restaurant expenses 

1,761 

1,868 

6 

2 

G A expenses 

110 

111 

(4) 

Franchise expenses 

4 

4 

9 

5 

Expenses for transactions with franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates 

3 

6 

28 

25 

Other operating costs and expenses 

8 

2 

(301) 

(328) 

Closure and impairment expenses, net 

4 

7 

58 

54 

Operating Profit 

70 

111 

(36) 

(36) 

Restaurant profit 

178 

224 

(20) 

(18) 

Restaurant margin 

9.2 

10.7 

(1.5) 
 ppts. 

(1.5) 
 ppts. 

2022 

Change 

System Sales Decline 

(7) 

System Sales Decline, excluding F/X 

(3) 

Same-Store Sales Decline 

(6) 

Unit Count 
 
 2022 

2021 

Increase 

Company-owned 

2,760 

2,452 

13 

Franchisees 

143 

138 

4 

2,903 

2,590 

12 

2021 

New Builds 

Closures 

Acquired 

2022 

Company-owned 

2,452 

401 

(98) 

5 

2,760 

Franchisees 

138 

16 

(6) 

(5) 

143 

Total 

2,590 

417 

(104) 

2,903 

Company Sales and Restaurant Profit 
 
 The changes in Company sales and Restaurant profit were as follows: 

Income (Expense) 
 
 2021 

Store Portfolio Actions 

Other 

F/X 

2022 

Company sales 

2,092 

39 

(113) 

(79) 

1,939 

Cost of sales 

(637) 

(14) 

14 

25 

(612) 

Cost of labor 

(598) 

(24) 

25 

25 

(572) 

Occupancy and other operating expenses 

(633) 

(19) 

51 

24 

(577) 

Restaurant profit 

224 

(18) 

(23) 

(5) 

178 

72 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

In 2022, the decrease in Company sales, excluding the impact of F/X, was primarily driven by same-store sales decline and temporary store closures due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, partially offset by net unit growth. The decrease in Restaurant profit, excluding the impact of F/X, was primarily driven by the decrease in Company sales, inflation in commodities and wages in the low single digits, as well as increased rider cost associated with a rise of approximately seven percentage points in delivery sales mix from the prior year partially due to more severe outbreaks, partially offset by higher labor productivity, operational efficiency and temporary relief. 
 
 G A Expenses 
 
 In 2022, the increase in G A expenses, excluding the impact of F/X, was primarily driven by merit increases. 
 
 Operating Profit 
 
 In 2022, the decrease in Operating profit, excluding the impact of F/X, was primarily driven by the decrease in Restaurant profit and higher G A expenses. 
 
 All Other Segments 
 
 All Other Segments reflects the results of Taco Bell, Lavazza, Little Sheep, Huang Ji Huang, COFFii JOY, East Dawning, our delivery operating segment and our e-commerce business. 

B/(W) 

2022 

2021 

Reported 
 
 Ex F/X 

Company sales 

51 

53 

(3) 

1 

Franchise fees and income 

18 

25 

(29) 

(27) 

Revenues from transactions with franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates 

39 

98 

(60) 

(58) 

Other revenues 

563 

297 

90 

99 

Total revenues 

671 

473 

42 

49 

Company restaurant expenses 

70 

63 

(10) 

(15) 

G A expenses 

46 

42 

(7) 

(11) 

Franchise expenses 

1 

1 

(158) 

(170) 

Expenses for transactions with franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates 

35 

88 

60 

59 

Other operating costs and expenses 

557 

294 

(90) 

(99) 

Closure and impairment expenses, net 

12 

7 

(100) 

(112) 

Other loss, net 

7 

NM 

NM 

Operating Loss 

(50) 

(29) 

(75) 

(82) 

Restaurant loss 

(19) 

(10) 

(75) 

(83) 

Restaurant margin 

(37.6) 

(20.8) 

(16.8) 
 ppts. 

(16.8) 
 ppts. 

Total Revenues 
 
 In 2022, the increase in Total revenues, excluding the impact of F/X, was primarily driven by inter-segment revenue generated by our delivery team for services provided to KFC and Pizza Hut restaurants mainly as a result of rising delivery sales and the contribution of sales from the Lavazza joint venture, partially offset by the decrease in Revenues from transactions with franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates primarily driven by the acquisition of Hangzhou KFC, same-store sales declines and temporary store closures due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Operating Loss 
 
 In 2022, the increase in Operating loss, excluding the impact of F/X, was primarily driven by the loss incurred by the Lavazza joint venture, as well as an increase of Operating loss from certain emerging brands due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 73 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Corporate Unallocated 

B/(W) 

2022 

2021 

Reported 
 
 Ex F/X 

Revenues from transactions with franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates (a) 

211 

500 

(58) 

(56) 

Other revenues 

42 

20 

102 

111 

Expenses for transactions with franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates (a) 

211 

497 

58 

56 

Other operating costs and expenses 

39 

17 

(119) 

(130) 

Corporate G A expenses 

184 

171 

(8) 

(11) 

Other unallocated income 

3 

642 

(100) 

(100) 

Interest income, net 

84 

60 

40 

43 

Investment loss 

(26) 

(54) 

51 

51 

Income tax provision (See Note 17) 

(207) 

(369) 

44 

42 

Equity in net earnings (losses) from equity method investments 

(2) 

NM 

NM 

Effective tax rate (See Note 17) 

30.1 

26.5 

(3.6) 
 ppts 

(3.6) 
 ppts 

(a) Primarily includes revenues and associated expenses of transactions with franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates derived from the Company s central procurement model whereby food and paper products are centrally purchased and then mainly sold to KFC and Pizza Hut franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates that operate our concepts. Amounts have not been allocated to any segment for purposes of making operating decisions or assessing financial performance as the transactions are corporate revenues and expenses in nature. 

Revenues from Transactions with Franchisees and Unconsolidated Affiliates 
 
 In 2022, the decrease in Revenues from transactions with franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates, excluding the impact of F/X, was mainly due to the acquisition of Hangzhou KFC in December 2021. 
 
 Other Revenues/Operating Costs and Expenses 
 
 In 2022, the increase in Other revenues/operating costs and expenses was mainly driven by logistics and warehousing services provided to third parties. 
 
 Corporate G A Expenses 
 
 In 2022, the increase in Corporate G A expenses, excluding the impact of F/X, was primarily driven by higher compensation costs. 
 
 Other Unallocated Income 
 
 Other unallocated income primarily includes a gain of 618 million and 10 million in 2021 recognized from the re-measurement of our previously held equity interest in connection with the consolidation of Hangzhou KFC and the Lavazza joint venture, respectively. See Note 3 for additional information. 
 
 Interest Income, Net 
 
 The increase in interest income, net for 2022 was primarily driven by higher interest rates. 
 
 Investment Loss 
 
 The decrease in investment loss primarily relates to a lower decrease in the fair value of our investment in Meituan Dianping Meituan in 2022, as well as lapping our unrealized investment loss in Fujian Sunner Development Co., Ltd. Sunner before the equity method of accounting was applied in 2021. See Note 3 for additional information. 
 
 74 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Income Tax Provision 
 
 Our income tax provision primarily includes tax on our earnings at the Chinese statutory tax rate of 25 , withholding tax on planned or actual repatriation of earnings outside of China, Hong Kong profits tax, and U.S. corporate income tax, if any. Our effective tax rate was 30.1 and 26.5 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The higher effective tax rate in 2022 compared with that in 2021 was due to lapping prior year tax benefits from equity income from investments in unconsolidated affiliates and impact of lower pre-tax income. 
 
 Significant Known Events, Trends or Uncertainties Expected to Impact Future Results 
 
 Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic 
 
 Starting in late January 2020 and throughout 2021 and 2022, the COVID-19 pandemic significantly impacted the Company s operations and financial results. In December 2022, the government issued a series of new COVID-19 response guidelines that significantly changed its COVID-19 policies, including removing mass testing and central quarantine requirements as well as lifting travel restrictions. A massive wave of infections quickly surged in the country, spreading to nearly all provinces in China. Sales in January improved sequentially, driven by the resumption of normal services at our restaurants and an earlier Chinese New Year holiday season, which coincided with the pivot in COVID policies. Many people traveled during the holiday for the first time since COVID-19 began. According to government statistics, the number of domestic travelers and related tourism spending during the 7-day Chinese New Year holiday increased year over year, but still remained below the 2019 level. Our same-store sales for the comparable Chinese New Year holiday also increased mid-single digits year over year, but remained below the 2019 level. 
 
 As the country enters the new phase of COVID response, we are cautiously optimistic. The overall business environment and consumer sentiment have improved but near-term uncertainties remain. Consumers tend to be more careful with spending after holidays. Experiences in other countries also suggest that further outbreaks following relaxation of COVID restrictions and emergence of different COVID variants may happen. A portion of the population may remain cautious about going out in public, while macroeconomic factors such as an inflationary environment and softening global economic conditions may weigh on consumer spending. As such, we are staying alert in this fluid situation and planning for multiple scenarios to capture growth opportunities and mitigate risks when needed. For further information on the risks associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Health concerns arising from outbreaks of viruses or other illnesses may have a material adverse effect on our business. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, adverse effects on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 Tax Examination on Transfer Pricing 
 
 We are subject to reviews, examinations and audits by Chinese tax authorities, the IRS and other tax authorities with respect to income and non-income based taxes. Since 2016, we have been under a national audit on transfer pricing by the STA in China regarding our related party transactions for the period from 2006 to 2015. The information and views currently exchanged with the tax authorities focus on our franchise arrangement with YUM. We continue to provide information requested by the tax authorities to the extent it is available to the Company. It is reasonably possible that there could be significant developments, including expert review and assessment by the STA, within the next 12 months. The ultimate assessment and decision of the STA will depend upon further review of the information provided, as well as ongoing technical and other discussions with the STA and in-charge local tax authorities, and therefore it is not possible to reasonably estimate the potential impact at this time. We will continue to defend our transfer pricing position. However, if the STA prevails in the assessment of additional tax due based on its ruling, the assessed tax, interest and penalties, if any, could have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 PRC Value-Added Tax 
 
 Effective May 1, 2016, a 6 output VAT replaced the 5 business tax BT previously applied to certain restaurant sales. Input VAT would be creditable to the aforementioned 6 output VAT. Our new retail business is generally subject to VAT rates at 9 or 13 . The latest VAT rates imposed on our purchase of materials and services included 13 , 9 and 6 , which were gradually changed from 17 , 13 , 11 and 6 since 2017. These rate changes impact our input VAT on all materials and certain services, mainly including construction, transportation and leasing. However, the impact on our operating results is not expected to be significant. 
 
 75 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Entities that are VAT general taxpayers are permitted to offset qualified input VAT paid to suppliers against their output VAT upon receipt of appropriate supplier VAT invoices on an entity-by-entity basis. When the output VAT exceeds the input VAT, the difference is remitted to tax authorities, usually on a monthly basis; whereas when the input VAT exceeds the output VAT, the difference is treated as a VAT asset which can be carried forward indefinitely to offset future net VAT payables. VAT related to purchases and sales which have not been settled at the balance sheet date is disclosed separately as an asset and liability, respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. At each balance sheet date, the Company reviews the outstanding balance of any VAT asset for recoverability, giving consideration to the indefinite life of VAT assets as well as its forecasted operating results and capital spending, which inherently includes significant assumptions that are subject to change. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has not made an allowance for the recoverability of VAT assets, as the balance is expected to be utilized to offset against VAT payables or be refunded in the future. 
 
 On June 7, 2022, the Chinese Ministry of Finance and the STA jointly issued Circular [2022] No. 21, to extend full VAT credit refunds to more sectors and increase the frequency for accepting taxpayers applications with an aim to support business recovery. Beginning on July 1, 2022, entities engaged in providing catering services in China are allowed to apply for a lump sum refund of VAT assets accumulated prior to March 31, 2019. In addition, VAT assets accumulated after March 31, 2019 can be refunded on a monthly basis. 
 
 As the benefits of certain VAT assets are expected to be realized within one year pursuant to Circular [2022] No. 21, 303 million of VAT assets as of June 30, 2022 were reclassified from Other assets to Prepaid expenses and other current assets. As of December 31, 2022, VAT assets of 88 million, VAT assets of 5 million and a net VAT payable of 7 million were recorded in Prepaid expenses and other current assets, Other assets and Accounts payable and other current liabilities, respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 The Company will continue to review the classification of VAT assets at each balance sheet date, giving consideration to the different local implementation practice of refunding the VAT assets and results of the potential administrative review. 
 
 We have been benefiting from the retail tax structure reform since it was implemented on May 1, 2016. However, the amount of our expected benefit from this VAT regime depends on a number of factors, some of which are outside of our control. The interpretation and application of the new VAT regime are not settled at some local governmental levels. In addition, China is in the process of enacting the prevailing VAT regulations into VAT law. However, the timetable for enacting the VAT law is not clear. As a result, for the foreseeable future, the benefit of this significant and complex VAT reform has the potential to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate 
 
 The reporting currency of the Company is the US . Most of the revenues, costs, assets and liabilities of the Company are denominated in RMB. Any significant change in the exchange rate between US and RMB may materially affect the Company s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, depending on the weakening or strengthening of RMB against the US . See Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk for a further discussion. 
 
 Consolidated Cash Flows 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 1,413 million in 2022 as compared to 1,131 million in 2021. The increase was primarily driven by refunds of VAT assets. See Note 8. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 522 million in 2022 as compared to 855 million in 2021. The decrease was mainly due to lapping the impact of cash consideration paid for the acquisition of Hangzhou KFC and equity investment in Sunner in 2021. 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 844 million in 2022 as compared to 313 million in 2021. The increase was primarily due to the resumption of share repurchases starting in the third quarter of 2021 and the cash consideration paid for the acquisition of an additional 20 equity interest in Suzhou KFC. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Historically we have funded our operations through cash generated from the operation of our Company-owned stores and from our franchise operations and dividend payments from our unconsolidated affiliates. Our global offering in September 2020 provided us with 2.2 billion in net proceeds. 
 
 76 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Our ability to fund our future operations and capital needs will primarily depend on our ongoing ability to generate cash from operations. We believe our principal uses of cash in the future will be primarily to fund our operations and capital expenditures for accelerating store network expansion and store remodeling, step up investments in digitalization, automation and logistics infrastructure, provide returns to our stockholders, as well as explore opportunities for acquisitions or investments that build and support our ecosystem. We believe that our future cash from operations, together with our funds on hand and access to capital markets, will provide adequate resources to fund these uses of cash and that our existing cash, net cash from operations and credit facilities will be sufficient to fund our operations and anticipated capital expenditures for the next 12 months. We currently expect our fiscal year 2023 capital expenditures will be in the range of approximately 700 million to 900 million. 
 
 If our cash flows from operations are less than we require, we may need to access the capital markets to obtain financing. Our access to, and the availability of, financing on acceptable terms and conditions in the future or at all will be impacted by many factors, including, but not limited to: 
 our financial performance; 

our credit ratings; 

the liquidity of the overall capital markets and our access to the U.S. capital markets; and 

the state of the Chinese, U.S. and global economies as well as relations between the Chinese and U.S. governments. 

There can be no assurance that we will have access to the capital markets on terms acceptable to us or at all. 
 
 Generally, our income is subject to the Chinese statutory tax rate of 25 . However, to the extent our cash flows from operations exceed our China cash requirements, the excess cash may be subject to an additional 10 withholding tax levied by the Chinese tax authority, subject to any reduction or exemption set forth in relevant tax treaties or tax arrangements. 
 
 Dividends and Share Repurchases 
 
 On March 17, 2022, our board of directors increased the share repurchase authorization by 1 billion to an aggregate of 2.4 billion. Yum China may repurchase shares under this program from time to time in the open market or, subject to applicable regulatory requirements, through privately negotiated transactions, block trades, accelerated share repurchase transactions and the use of Rule 10b5-1 trading plans. Starting in the second quarter of 2020 through July 2021, our share repurchases were suspended due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company repurchased 466 million or 10.5 million shares and 75 million or 1.3 million shares of common stock, respectively, under the repurchase program. 
 
 The Company paid a cash dividend of 0.12 per share for each quarter of 2021 and 2022. Total cash dividends of 202 million and 203 million were paid to stockholders in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 On February 7, 2023, the board of directors declared an increase in cash dividend to 0.13 per share, payable on March 28, 2023, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 7, 2023. 
 
 Our ability to declare and pay any dividends on our stock may be restricted by earnings available for distribution under applicable Chinese laws. The laws, rules and regulations applicable to our Chinese subsidiaries permit payments of dividends only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance with applicable Chinese accounting standards and regulations. Under Chinese law, an enterprise incorporated in China is required to set aside at least 10 of its after-tax profits each year, after making up previous years accumulated losses, if any, to fund certain statutory reserve funds, until the aggregate amount of such a fund reaches 50 of its registered capital. As a result, our Chinese subsidiaries are restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to us in the form of dividends. At the discretion of the board of directors, as an enterprise incorporated in China, each of our Chinese subsidiaries may allocate a portion of its after-tax profits based on Chinese accounting standards to staff welfare and bonus funds. These reserve funds and staff welfare and bonus funds are not distributable as cash dividends. 
 
 77 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Borrowing Capacity 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had credit facilities of RMB4,518 million (approximately 655 million), comprised of onshore credit facilities of RMB3,000 million (approximately 435 million) in the aggregate and offshore credit facilities of 220 million in the aggregate. 
 
 The credit facilities had remaining terms ranging from less than one year to two years as of December 31, 2022. Each credit facility bears interest based on the prevailing rate stipulated by the People s Bank of China, Loan Prime Rate LPR published by the National Interbank Funding Centre of the PRC, London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR administered by the ICE Benchmark Administration, or Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. Each credit facility contains a cross-default provision whereby our failure to make any payment on a principal amount from any credit facility will constitute a default on other credit facilities. Some of the credit facilities contain covenants limiting, among other things, certain additional indebtedness and liens, and certain other transactions specified in the respective agreement. Interest on any outstanding borrowings is due at least monthly. Some of the onshore credit facilities contain sub-limits for overdrafts, non-financial bonding, standby letters of credit and guarantees. As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding bank guarantees of RMB209 million (approximately 30 million) mainly to secure our lease payments to landlords for certain Company-owned restaurants. The credit facilities were therefore reduced by the same amount. There was a 2-million bank borrowing outstanding as of December 31, 2022, which was secured by a 1-million short-term investment. The bank borrowing was due within one year and included in Accounts payable and other current liabilities. 
 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 
 Our material short-term and long-term cash requirements as of December 31, 2022 included: 

Total 

Less than 1 Year 

1-3 Years 

3-5 Years 

More than 5 Years 

Finance Leases (a) 

62 

7 

12 

11 

32 

Operating Leases (a) 

2,814 

552 

837 

617 

808 

Purchase Obligations (b) 

478 

148 

108 

181 

41 

Transition Tax (c) 

34 

7 

27 

Total 

3,388 

714 

984 

809 

881 

(a) These obligations, which are shown on a nominal basis, relate primarily to approximately 11,000 Company-owned restaurants. See Note 12 for additional information. 

(b) Purchase obligations relate primarily to capital expenditure commitment for infrastructure, as well as supply and service agreements. We have excluded agreements that are cancelable without penalty or have a remaining term not in excess of one year. Such commitments are generally near term in nature, will be funded from operating cash flows, and are not significant to the Company s overall financial position. 

(c) This amount represents transition tax payable on the deemed repatriation of accumulated undistributed foreign earnings after utilizing existing qualified foreign tax credits, which is to be paid over a maximum of eight years beginning in 2018. 

We have not included in the table above approximately 25 million of liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits related to the uncertainty with regard to the deductibility of certain business expenses incurred as well as related accrued interest and penalties. These liabilities may increase or decrease over time as a result of tax examinations, and given the status of the examinations, we cannot reliably estimate the period of any cash settlement with the respective taxing authorities. These liabilities exclude amounts that are temporary in nature and for which we anticipate that over time there will be no net cash outflow. 
 
 In addition to the material cash requirements listed above, the Company and Lavazza Group have committed to contributing 100 million to the Lavazza joint venture, in proportion to their respective equity interest of 65 and 35 , respectively, by the end of the first quarter of 2023. The cash will be used to further develop the Lavazza coffee concept in China. 
 
 We had no material contingent obligations as of December 31, 2022. Please see Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 
 
 78 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

New Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Note 2 for details of recently adopted accounting pronouncements. 
 
 New Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 
 
 In October 2021, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2021-08 Business Combinations (Topic 805) Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers ASU 2021-08 ). It requires issuers to apply ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers to recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities from contracts with customers acquired in a business combination. We will adopt this standard in the first quarter of 2023, and do not expect the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on our financial statements. 
 
 In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-01 Fair Value Hedging Portfolio Layer Method ASU 2022-01 ), which allows entities to expand their use of the portfolio layer method for fair value hedges of interest rate risk. Under the guidance, entities can hedge all financial assets under the portfolio layer method and designate multiple hedged layers within a single closed portfolio. The guidance also clarifies the accounting for fair value hedge basis adjustments in portfolio layer hedges and how these adjustments should be disclosed. We will adopt this standard in the first quarter of 2023, and do not expect the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on our financial statements. 
 
 In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-02 Financial Instrument Credit Losses ASU 2022-02 ), amending ASC 310 to eliminate the recognition and measurement guidance for a troubled debt restructuring for creditors that have adopted ASC 326 and requiring them to make enhanced disclosures about loan modifications for borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. The guidance also requires entities to present gross write-offs by year of origination in their vintage disclosures. We will adopt this standard in the first quarter of 2023, and do not expect the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on our financial statements. 
 In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03 Fair Value Measurement Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restriction ASU 2022-03 ), clarifying that a contractual restriction on the sales of an equity security is not considered part of the unit of account of the equity security, and therefore, is not considered when measuring fair value. The guidance also clarifies that a contractual sales restriction should not be recognized as a separate unit of account. We will adopt this standard in the first quarter of 2023, and do not expect the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on our financial statements. 
 
 In September 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-04 Liabilities Disclosure of Supplier Finance Program Obligations ASU 2022-04 ), requiring entities that use supplier finance programs in connection with the purchase of goods and services to disclose the key terms of the programs and information about their obligations outstanding at the end of the reporting period. We will adopt this standard in the first quarter of 2023, and do not expect the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on our financial statements. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Our reported results are impacted by the application of certain accounting policies that require us to make subjective or complex judgments. These judgments involve estimations of the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may significantly impact our quarterly or annual results of operations or financial condition. Changes in the estimates and judgments could significantly affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows in future years. A description of what we consider to be our most significant critical accounting policies and estimates follows. 
 
 79 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Loyalty Programs 
 
 Each of the Company s KFC and Pizza Hut reportable segments operates a loyalty program that allows registered members to earn points for each qualifying purchase. Points, which generally expire 18 months after being earned, may be redeemed for future purchases of KFC or Pizza Hut branded products or other products for free or at a discounted price. Points cannot be redeemed or exchanged for cash. The estimated value of points earned by the loyalty program members is recorded as a reduction of revenue at the time the points are earned, based on the percentage of points that are projected to be redeemed, with a corresponding deferred revenue liability included in Accounts payable and other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and subsequently recognized into revenue when the points are redeemed or expire. The Company estimates the value of the future redemption obligations based on the estimated value of the product for which points are expected to be redeemed and historical redemption patterns and reviews such estimates periodically based upon the latest available information regarding redemption and expiration patterns. 
 
 Breakage Revenue 
 
 We recognize revenues from prepaid stored-value products, including gift cards and product vouchers, when they are redeemed by the customer. Prepaid gift cards sold at any given point generally expire over the next 36 months, and product vouchers generally expire over a period of up to 12 months. We recognize breakage revenue, which is the amount of prepaid stored-value products that is not expected to be redeemed, either (1) proportionally in earnings as redemptions occur, in situations where the Company expects to be entitled to a breakage amount, or (2) when the likelihood of redemption is remote, in situations where the Company does not expect to be entitled to breakage, provided that there is no requirement for remitting balances to government agencies under unclaimed property laws. The Company reviews its breakage estimates at least annually based upon the latest available information regarding redemption and expiration patterns. 
 
 Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets 
 
 We review long-lived assets of restaurants (primarily operating lease right-of-use assets and property, plant and equipment PP E )) semi-annually for impairment, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a restaurant may not be recoverable. We evaluate recoverability based on the restaurant s forecasted undiscounted cash flows, which are based on our entity-specific assumptions, to the carrying value of such assets. The forecasted undiscounted cash flows incorporate our best estimate of sales growth based upon our operation plans for the unit and actual results at comparable restaurants. For restaurant assets that are deemed not to be recoverable, we write down the impaired restaurant to its estimated fair value. In determining the fair value of restaurant-level assets, we consider the highest and best use of the assets from market participants perspective, which is represented by the higher of the forecasted discounted cash flows of operating restaurants and the price market participants would pay to sub-lease the operating lease right-of-use assets and acquire remaining restaurant assets, even if that use differs from the current use by the Company. Key assumptions in the determination of fair value include reasonable sales growth assumption in generating after-tax cashflows that would be used by a franchisee in the determination of a purchase price for the restaurant, and market rental assumption for estimating the price market participants would pay to sub-lease the operating lease right-of-use assets. Estimates of forecasted cash flows of operating restaurants are highly subjective judgments and can be significantly impacted by changes in the business or economic conditions. Estimates of the price market participants would pay to sub-lease the operating lease right-of-use assets are based on comparable market rental information that could be reasonably obtained for the property. In situations where the highest and best use of the restaurant-level assets from market participants perspective is represented by sub-leasing the operating lease right-of-use assets and acquiring the remaining restaurant assets, the Company continues to use these assets in operating its restaurant business, which is consistent with its long-term strategy of growing revenue through operating restaurant concepts. 
 
 When we believe it is more likely than not a restaurant or groups of restaurants will be refranchised for a price less than their carrying value, but do not believe the restaurant(s) have met the criteria to be classified as held for sale, we review the restaurants for impairment. Expected net sales proceeds are generally based on actual bids from the buyer. 
 
 The discount rate used in the fair value calculations is our estimate of the required rate-of-return that a franchisee would expect to receive when purchasing a similar restaurant or groups of restaurants and the related long-lived assets. The discount rate incorporates rates of returns for historical refranchising market transactions and is commensurate with the risks and uncertainty inherent in the forecasted cash flows. 
 
 80 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

We evaluate indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis or more often if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicates impairment might exist. We perform our annual test for impairment of our indefinite-lived intangible assets at the beginning of our fourth quarter. When we evaluate these assets for impairment, we have the option to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether an intangible asset group is impaired. If we believe, as a result of the qualitative assessment, that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the intangible asset group is less than its carrying amount, we will then perform a quantitative assessment. Fair value is an estimate of the price a willing buyer would pay for the intangible asset and is generally estimated by discounting the expected future after-tax cash flows associated with the intangible asset. The discount rate is our estimate of the required rate-of-return that a third-party buyer would expect to receive. These estimates are highly subjective, and our ability to achieve the forecasted cash is affected by factors such as changes in our operating performance and business strategies and changes in economic conditions. Our indefinite-lived intangible assets had a book value of 130 million and 141 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, representing two material indefinite-lived intangible assets, which are our Little Sheep and Huang Ji Huang trademarks. 
 
 In the year ended December 31, 2022, considering the continuing adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, we performed quantitative impairment assessments for the Little Sheep and Huang Ji Huang trademarks and the fair value estimate exceeded their carrying amount. Fair value of the Little Sheep and Huang Ji Huang trademarks was determined using a relief-from-royalty valuation approach that was based on unobservable inputs, including estimated future revenues as well as the selection of an appropriate discount rate based on weighted-average cost of capital which includes company-specific risk premium, which are considered Level 3 inputs. No impairment charges on trademarks related to Little Sheep and Huang Ji Huang were recorded in 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Our finite-lived intangible assets that are not allocated to an individual restaurant are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the intangible asset may not be recoverable. An intangible asset that is deemed not recoverable on a undiscounted basis is written down to its estimated fair value, which is our estimate of the price a willing buyer would pay for the intangible asset based on discounted expected future after-tax cash flows. For purposes of our impairment analysis, we update the cash flows that were initially used to value the finite-lived intangible asset to reflect our current estimates and assumptions over the asset s future remaining life. 
 
 Impairment of Goodwill 
 
 We evaluate goodwill for impairment on an annual basis as of the beginning of our fourth quarter or more often if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicates impairment might exist. When we evaluate goodwill for impairment, we have the option to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If we believe, as a result of the qualitative assessment, that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, we will then perform a quantitative assessment. Our reporting units are our individual operating segments. Fair value is the price a willing buyer would pay for the reporting unit, and is generally estimated using discounted expected future after-tax cash flows from the business operation of the reporting unit. 
 
 Future cash flow estimates and the discount rate are the key assumptions when estimating the fair value of a reporting unit. Future cash flows are based on growth expectations relative to recent historical performance and incorporate sales growth and margin improvement assumptions that we believe a third-party buyer would assume when determining a purchase price for the reporting unit. The sales growth and margin improvement assumptions that factor into the discounted cash flows are highly correlated as cash flow growth can be achieved through various interrelated strategies such as product pricing and restaurant productivity initiatives. The discount rate is our estimate of the required rate-of-return that a third-party buyer would expect to receive when purchasing a business from us that constitutes a reporting unit. We believe the discount rate is commensurate with the risks and uncertainty inherent in the forecasted cash flows. These estimates are highly subjective, and our ability to achieve the forecasted cash is affected by factors such as changes in our operating performance and business strategies and changes in economic conditions. 
 
 81 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Our goodwill of 1,988 million as of December 31, 2022 was related to the KFC, Pizza Hut, Huang Ji Huang and Lavazza reporting units. In the year ended December 31, 2022, considering the continuing adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, we performed quantitative impairment assessments for goodwill related to Huang Ji Huang and the fair value estimate exceeded its carrying amount. The fair value of Huang Ji Huang reporting unit was based on the estimated price a willing buyer would pay, and was determined using an income approach with future cash flow estimates supported by estimated future sales, margin, as well as the selection of an appropriate discount rate based on weighted-average cost of capital which includes company-specific risk premium. We elected to perform a qualitative impairment assessment for each of our individual reporting units of KFC, Pizza Hut and Lavazza in 2022. Based on our qualitative assessment, the Company concluded that no changes in events or circumstances have occurred that indicated impairment may exist and it was more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting units exceeds their carrying amount and therefore no quantitative assessment was required. No impairment charge on goodwill was recorded in 2022 and 2021. 
 
 If we record goodwill upon acquisition of a restaurant(s) from a franchisee and such restaurant(s) is then sold within two years of acquisition, the goodwill associated with the acquired restaurant(s) is written off in its entirety. If the restaurant is refranchised two years or more subsequent to its acquisition, we include goodwill in the carrying amount of the restaurants disposed of based on the relative fair values of the portion of the reporting unit disposed of in the refranchising and the portion of the reporting unit that will be retained. 
 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 
 We account for share awards issued to employees in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 ASC 718 ), Compensation-Stock Compensation . Share-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as an expense, net of estimated forfeitures, over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period. We recognize share-based compensation expense for awards granted to employees and non-employee directors using the straight-line method. 
 
 We estimated the fair value of stock options and SARs at the grant date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model the BS model ). It should be noted that the option-pricing model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions. Changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate and, as a result, our operating profit and net income. PSUs have market conditions that are based on the closing price of Yum China s stock or relative total shareholder return against the MSCI China Index measured over the performance period. The fair values of PSUs have been determined based on the outcome of a Monte-Carlo Simulation model (the MCS model ). 
 
 Under the BS and MCS models, we made a number of assumptions regarding the fair value of the share-based awards, including: 
 
 the expected future volatility of the price of shares of Yum China common stock; 

the risk-free interest rate; 

the expected dividend yield; and 

the expected term. 

We estimated the expected future volatility of the price of shares of Yum China common stock based on the historical price volatility of the publicly traded shares of common stock of comparable companies in the same business as Yum China as well as the historical volatility of the Company s common stock. The risk-free interest rate was based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield in effect with maturity terms equal to the expected term or performance measurement period of the awards. The dividend yield was estimated based on the Company s dividend policy. We use historical turnover data to estimate the expected forfeiture rate. 
 
 82 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Income Taxes 
 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 
 We are subject to reviews, examinations and audits by Chinese tax authorities, the IRS and other tax authorities with respect to income and non-income based taxes. We recognize the benefit of positions taken or expected to be taken in our tax returns when it is more likely than not that the position would be sustained upon examination by these tax authorities. A recognized tax position is then measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 likely of being realized upon settlement. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 21 million and 20 million, respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits related to the uncertainty with regard to the deductibility of certain business expenses incurred. We evaluate unrecognized tax benefits, including interest thereon, on a quarterly basis to ensure that they have been appropriately adjusted for events, including audit settlements, which may impact our ultimate payment for such exposures. 
 
 Since 2016, we have been under a national audit on transfer pricing by the STA in China regarding our related party transactions for the period from 2006 to 2015. The information and views currently exchanged with the tax authorities focus on our franchise arrangement with YUM. We continue to provide information requested by the tax authorities to the extent it is available to the Company. It is reasonably possible that there could be significant developments, including expert review and assessment by the STA, within the next 12 months. The ultimate assessment and decision of the STA will depend upon further review of the information provided, as well as ongoing technical and other discussions with the STA and in-charge local tax authorities, and therefore it is not possible to reasonably estimate the potential impact at this time. We will continue to defend our transfer pricing position. However, if the STA prevails in the assessment of additional tax due based on its ruling, the assessed tax, interest and penalties, if any, could have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Unremitted Earnings of Foreign Subsidiaries 
 
 We have investments in our foreign subsidiaries where the carrying values for financial reporting exceed the tax basis. Except for the planned but yet to be distributed earnings, we have not provided deferred tax on the portion of the excess that we believe is indefinitely reinvested, as we have the ability and intent to indefinitely postpone the basis differences from reversing with a tax consequence. The Company s separation from YUM was intended to qualify as a tax-free reorganization for U.S. income tax purposes resulting in the excess of financial reporting basis over tax basis in our investment in the China business continuing to be indefinitely reinvested. The excess of financial reporting basis over tax basis as of December 31, 2017 was subject to the one-time transition tax under the Tax Act as a deemed repatriation of accumulated undistributed earnings from the foreign subsidiaries. However, we continue to believe that the portion of the excess of financial reporting basis over tax basis (including earnings and profits subject to the one-time transition tax) is indefinitely reinvested in our foreign subsidiaries for foreign withholding tax purposes. We estimate that our total temporary difference for which we have not provided foreign withholding taxes is approximately 3 billion at December 31, 2022. The foreign withholding tax rate on this amount is 5 or 10 depending on the manner of repatriation and the applicable tax treaties or tax arrangements. 
 
 See Note 17 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for a further discussion of our income taxes. 
 83 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 
 Changes in foreign currency exchange rates impact the translation of our reported foreign currency-denominated earnings, cash flows and net investments in foreign operations, virtually all of which are denominated in RMB. While substantially all of our supply purchases are denominated in RMB, from time to time, we enter into agreements at predetermined exchange rates with third parties to purchase certain amount of goods and services sourced overseas and make payments in local currencies when practical, to minimize the related foreign currency exposure with immaterial impact on our financial statements. 
 
 As substantially all of the Company s long-lived assets are located in China, the Company is exposed to movements in the RMB foreign currency exchange rate. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s operating profit would have decreased approximately 62 million if RMB weakened 10 relative to the U.S. dollar. This estimated reduction assumes no changes in sales volumes or local currency sales or input prices. 
 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 
 We are subject to volatility in food costs as a result of market risk associated with commodity prices. Our ability to recover increased costs through higher pricing is, at times, limited by the competitive environment in which we operate. We manage our exposure to this risk primarily through pricing agreements with our vendors. 
 
 Investment Risk 
 
 In September 2018, we invested 74 million in 8.4 million of Meituan s ordinary shares. The Company sold 4.2 million of its ordinary shares of Meituan in the second quarter of 2020 for proceeds of approximately 54 million. The equity investment is recorded at fair value, which is measured on a recurring basis and is subject to market price volatility. See Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for a further discussion on our investment in Meituan. 
 84 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Item 8.	Financial Statemen ts and Supplementary Data. 
 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Page Reference 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 86 

, , Auditor Firm ID: 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 89 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 90 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 91 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 92 

Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 93 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 94 

Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 No schedules are required because either the required information is not present or not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the above-listed financial statements or notes thereto. 
 
 85 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors Yum China Holdings, Inc.: 
 Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Yum China Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission . 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 86 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Assessment of impairment of long-lived assets of restaurants 
 
 As discussed in Notes 2, 8 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements, property, plant and equipment, net and operating lease right-of-use assets were US 2,118 million and US 2,219 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022, which included the long-lived assets of the Company s restaurants. For restaurant assets with indicators that the carrying value may not be recoverable, the Company evaluates recoverability of these assets by comparing the forecasted undiscounted cash flows of the restaurant s operations to the carrying value of such assets. For restaurant assets that are not deemed to be recoverable, the Company writes down the restaurant assets to the estimated fair value. The Company determines the fair value of the restaurant assets based on the higher of the forecasted discounted cash flows of the restaurant s operations and the price market participants would pay to sub-lease the operating lease right-of-use assets and acquire the remaining restaurant assets. 
 We identified the assessment of impairment of long-lived assets of restaurants as a critical audit matter. A high degree of auditor judgment was required in assessing the sales growth rates used to estimate the forecasted undiscounted cash flows of the restaurants operations. In addition, specialized skills and knowledge were needed to assess the Company s market rental assumptions to estimate the fair values of the operating lease right-of-use assets. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s long-lived assets of restaurants impairment assessment process. This included controls related to the determination of the sales growth rates and the market rentals. To evaluate the sales growth rates, we compared the sales growth rates of a sample of restaurants to the historical sales growth rates and the Company s operation plans for the respective restaurants. We performed sensitivity analyses over the sales growth rates for a selection of restaurants to assess their impact on the restaurants forecasted undiscounted cash flows. We involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: 
 Comparing the market rentals of a sample of restaurants to respective market rental ranges that we independently developed using external data; and 

Developing independent estimates of the fair values of the operating lease right-of-use assets based on the price that market participants would pay to sub-lease the right-of-use assets for a sample of restaurants and comparing the results of our estimates to the Company s estimates. 

87 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Evaluation of uncertain tax position 
 
 As discussed in Notes 2 and 17 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes the benefit of positions taken or expected to be taken in tax returns in the financial statements when it is more likely than not (more than a 50 likelihood) that the position would be sustained upon examination by tax authorities. Since 2016, the Company has been under a national audit on transfer pricing by the Chinese State Taxation Administration STA regarding the related party transactions for the period from 2006 to 2015. 
 We identified the evaluation of the Company s uncertain tax position pertaining to the transfer pricing used in the related party transactions under audit by the STA as a critical audit matter. A high degree of auditor judgment and specialized skills and knowledge were required in evaluating the Company's interpretation of the applicable tax laws and regulations and the estimate of the more likely than not assessment of tax position being sustained under examination by tax authorities. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the internal control related to the Company s assessment process pertaining to the transfer pricing audit, including the control related to the interpretation of the applicable tax laws and regulations and the assessment of the uncertain tax position being sustained under examination by tax authorities. Since tax law is complex and often subject to interpretation, we involved tax professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: 
 Reading the correspondence received by the Company from the tax authorities in connection with the transfer pricing audit by the STA, as well as responses and information the Company submitted to the tax authorities; 

Evaluating the Company s identification and consideration of information that could significantly affect the recognition and measurement of the uncertain tax position; and 

Evaluating the Company s interpretation of applicable tax laws and regulations, technical analysis and the application of the accounting standards in assessing the recognition and measurement of the potential impact from the uncertain tax position. 

/s/ KPMG Huazhen LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. 
 Shanghai, China March 1, 2023 
 88 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Consolidated Stat ements of Income 
 Yum China Holdings, Inc. 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (in US millions, except per share data) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenues 

Company sales 

Franchise fees and income 

Revenues from transactions with franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates 

Other revenues 

Total revenues 

Costs and Expenses, Net 

Company restaurants 

Food and paper 

Payroll and employee benefits 

Occupancy and other operating expenses 

Company restaurant expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Franchise expenses 

Expenses for transactions with franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates 

Other operating costs and expenses 

Closures and impairment expenses, net 

Other expenses (income), net 

() 

() 

Total costs and expenses, net 

Operating Profit 

Interest income, net 

Investment (loss) gain 

() 

() 

Income Before Income Taxes and Equity in Net Earnings (Losses) from Equity Method Investments 

Income tax provision 

() 

() 

() 

Equity in net earnings (losses) from equity method investments 

() 

Net income including noncontrolling interests 

Net income noncontrolling interests 

Net Income Yum China Holdings, Inc. 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding (in millions): 

Basic 

Diluted 

Basic Earnings Per Common Share 

Diluted Earnings Per Common Share 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 89 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Yum China Holdings, Inc. 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (in US millions) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income including noncontrolling interests 

Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax of nil 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

() 

Comprehensive income including noncontrolling interests 

Comprehensive (loss) income noncontrolling interests 

() 

Comprehensive Income Yum China Holdings, Inc. 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 90 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Consolidated Statem ents of Cash Flows 
 Yum China Holdings, Inc. 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (in US millions) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash Flows Operating Activities 

Net income including noncontrolling interests 

Depreciation and amortization 

Non-cash operating lease cost 

Closures and impairment expenses 

Gain from re-measurement of equity interest upon acquisition 

() 

() 

Investment loss (gain) 

() 

Equity income from investments in unconsolidated affiliates 

() 

() 

Distributions of income received from unconsolidated affiliates 

Deferred income taxes 

() 

Share-based compensation expense 

Changes in accounts receivable 

() 

() 

() 

Changes in inventories 

() 

() 

Changes in prepaid expenses and other current assets and VAT assets (Note 8(a)) 

() 

() 

Changes in accounts payable and other current liabilities 

Changes in income taxes payable 

() 

Changes in non-current operating lease liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Other, net 

() 

() 

() 

Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 

Cash Flows Investing Activities 

Capital spending 

() 

() 

() 

Purchases of short-term investments and long-term time deposits 

() 

() 

() 

Maturities of short-term investments and long-term time deposits 

Contributions to unconsolidated affiliates 

() 

Acquisition of business, net of cash acquired 

() 

() 

() 

(Acquisitions) disposal of equity investments 

() 

Other, net 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash Flows Financing Activities 

Common stock issuance proceeds, net of issuance costs 

Repurchase of shares of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Cash dividends paid on common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests 

() 

() 

() 

Acquisitions of noncontrolling interests 

() 

Contributions from noncontrolling interests 

Payment of acquisition related holdback 

() 

() 

Other, net 

() 

() 

() 

Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Financing Activities 

() 

() 

Effect of Exchange Rates on Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 

() 

Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 

() 

() 

Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash - Beginning of Year 

Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash - End of Year 

Supplemental Cash Flow Data 

Cash paid for income tax 

Non-cash Investing and Financing Activities 

Capital expenditures included in accounts payable and other current liabilities 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 91 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Consolidated B alance Sheets 
 Yum China Holdings, Inc. 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (in US millions) 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Long-term time deposits 

Investments in unconsolidated affiliates 

Deferred income tax assets 

Other assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTEREST AND EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and other current liabilities 

Income taxes payable 

Total Current Liabilities 

Non-current operating lease liabilities 

Non-current finance lease liabilities 

Deferred income tax liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest 

Equity 

Common stock, par value; million shares authorized; million shares and million shares issued at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; million shares and million shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Treasury stock 

() 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income 

() 

Total Yum China Holdings, Inc. Stockholders' Equity 

Noncontrolling interests 

Total Equity 

Total Liabilities, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest and Equity 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 92 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 Yum China Holdings, Inc. 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (in US millions) 

Yum China Holdings, Inc. 

Accumulated 

Common 

Additional 

Other 

Redeemable 

Stock 

Paid-in 

Retained 

Comprehensive 

Treasury Stock 

Noncontrolling 

Total 

Noncontrolling 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Earnings 

(Loss) Income 

Shares 

Amount 

Interests 

Equity 

Interest 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

() 

() 

() 

Net Income 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Comprehensive income 

Dividends declared 

() 

() 

Cash dividends declared per common share) 

() 

() 

Acquisition of business 

Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs 

Repurchase of shares of common stock 

() 

() 

Exercise and vesting of share-based awards 

Share-based compensation 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Net Income 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Comprehensive income 

Dividends declared 

() 

() 

Cash dividends declared per common share) 

() 

() 

Acquisition of business 

Contributions from noncontrolling interests 

Repurchase of shares of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Exercise and vesting of share-based awards 

() 

() 

Exercise of the warrants 

Share-based compensation 

Revaluation of redeemable noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Net Income (Loss) 

() 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

() 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income 

() 

Dividends declared 

() 

() 

Cash dividends declared per common share) 

() 

() 

Contributions from noncontrolling interests 

Repurchase and retirement of shares 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Exercise and vesting of share-based awards 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation 

Acquisition of noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

: Shares may not add due to rounding. 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 93 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 (Tabular amounts in US millions, except as otherwise noted) 
 
 on . The Company owns, franchises or has ownership in entities that own and operate restaurants (also referred to as stores or units under the KFC, Pizza Hut, Taco Bell, Lavazza, Little Sheep and Huang Ji Huang concepts (collectively, the concepts ). In connection with the separation of the Company in 2016 from its former parent company, Yum! Brands, Inc. YUM ), a master license agreement was entered into between Yum Restaurants Consulting (Shanghai) Company Limited YCCL ), a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of the Company and YUM, through YRI China Franchising LLC, a subsidiary of YUM, effective from January 1, 2020 and previously through Yum! Restaurants Asia Pte. Ltd., another subsidiary of YUM, from October 31, 2016 to December 31, 2019, for the exclusive right to use and sublicense the use of intellectual property owned by YUM and its subsidiaries for the development and operation of the KFC, Pizza Hut and, subject to achieving certain agreed-upon milestones, Taco Bell brands and their related marks and other intellectual property rights for restaurant services in the People s Republic of China (the PRC or China ), excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. The term of the license is from October 31, 2016 for the KFC and Pizza Hut brands and, subject to achieving certain agreed-upon milestones, from April 15, 2022 for the Taco Bell brand, with automatic renewals for additional consecutive renewal terms of each, subject only to us being in good standing and unless we give notice of our intent not to renew. In exchange, we pay a license fee to YUM equal to of net system sales from both our Company and franchise restaurants. We own the intellectual property of Little Sheep and Huang Ji Huang and pay no license fee related to these concepts. In 1987, KFC was the first quick-service restaurant brand to enter China. As of December 31, 2022, there are over KFC stores in China. We maintain a , , and controlling interest in the entities that own and operate the KFCs in and around Shanghai, Beijing and Wuxi, respectively. During the third quarter of 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of an additional equity interest in an unconsolidated affiliate that operates KFC stores in and around Suzhou, China Suzhou KFC ), for cash consideration of million. Upon closing of the acquisition, the Company increased its equity interest to , allowing the Company to consolidate Suzhou KFC. In December 2022, the Company acquired an additional equity interest in Suzhou KFC for cash consideration of million, bringing our total ownership to . During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company completed its investment of a equity interest in Hangzhou Catering Service Group Hangzhou Catering ), for cash consideration of million. Upon closing, the Company directly and indirectly holds an approximately equity interest in the Hangzhou KFC joint venture that operates KFC stores in and around Hangzhou, China Hangzhou KFC ), allowing the Company to consolidate Hangzhou KFC. These acquisitions were considered immaterial. The first Pizza Hut in China opened in 1990. As of December 31, 2022, there are over Pizza Hut restaurants in China. In the second quarter of 2020, the Company partnered with Luigi Lavazza S.p.A. Lavazza Group ), the world renowned family-owned Italian coffee company, and entered into a joint venture to explore and develop the Lavazza coffee concept in China. In September 2021, the Company and Lavazza Group entered into agreements for the previously formed joint venture Lavazza joint venture to accelerate the expansion of Lavazza coffee shops in China. Upon execution of these agreements, the Company controls and consolidates the joint venture with its equity interest. The acquisition was considered immaterial. In 2017, the Company acquired a controlling interest in the holding company of DAOJIA.com.cn Daojia ), an online food delivery service provider in China. This business was extended to also include a team managing the delivery services for restaurants, including restaurants in our system, with their results reported under our delivery operating segment. As part of our strategy to drive growth from off-premise occasions, we also developed our own retail brand operations, Shaofaner, which sells packaged foods through online and offline channels. The operating results of Shaofaner are included in our e-commerce business operating segment. The Company has reportable segments: KFC and Pizza Hut. Our remaining operating segments, including the operations of Taco Bell, Lavazza, Little Sheep, Huang Ji Huang, COFFii JOY, East Dawning, our delivery operating segment and our e-commerce business, are combined and referred to as All Other Segments, as those operating segments are insignificant both individually and in the aggregate. Additional details on our segment reporting are included in Note 18. The Company s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol YUMC . On September 10, 2020, the Company completed a secondary listing of its common stock on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange HKEX under the stock code 9987, in connection with a global offering of shares of its common stock. Net proceeds raised by the Company from the global offering after deducting underwriting fees and the offering expenses amounted to billion. On October 24, 2022, the Company s voluntary conversion of its secondary listing status to a primary listing status on the HKEX became effective Primary Conversion and the Company became a dual primary listed company on the NYSE and HKEX. On the same day, the Company s shares of common stock traded on the HKEX were included in the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect. The Company s common stock listed on the NYSE and HKEX continue to be fully fungible. 

million. As our franchise arrangements provide our franchisee entities the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact their economic performance, we do not consider ourselves the primary beneficiary of any such entity that might otherwise be considered a VIE. Through the acquisition of Daojia, the Company also acquired a VIE and subsidiaries of the VIE effectively controlled by Daojia. There exists a parent-subsidiary relationship between Daojia and its VIE as a result of certain exclusive agreements that require Daojia to consolidate its VIE and subsidiaries of the VIE because Daojia is the primary beneficiary that possesses the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact its economic performance, and is entitled to substantially all of the profits and has the obligation to absorb all of the expected losses of the VIE. The acquired VIE and its subsidiaries were considered immaterial, both individually and in the aggregate. The results of Daojia s operations have been included in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements since the acquisition date. We consolidate the entities that operate KFCs in and around Shanghai, Beijing, Wuxi, Suzhou and Hangzhou, as well as the Lavazza joint venture where we have controlling interests since the respective acquisition dates. 

license fees we pay to YUM for the right to sublicense the KFC, Pizza Hut and Taco Bell intellectual property to franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates that operate our concepts are recorded in Franchise expenses. License fees due to YUM for our Company-owned stores are included in Occupancy and other operating expenses. Total license fees paid to YUM were million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Certain direct costs of our franchise operations are charged to Franchise expenses. These costs include provisions for estimated uncollectible fees, rent or depreciation expense associated with restaurants we sub-lease to franchisees, and certain other direct incremental franchise support costs. We also have certain transactions with franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates that operate our concepts, which consist primarily of sales of food and paper products, advertising services, delivery services and other services provided to franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates that operate our concepts. Related expenses are included in Expenses for transactions with franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates. 
 months, and product vouchers generally expire over a period of up to months. We recognize breakage revenue, which is the amount of prepaid stored-value products that is not expected to be redeemed, either (1) proportionally in earnings as redemptions occur, in situations where the Company expects to be entitled to a breakage amount, or (2) when the likelihood of redemption is remote, in situations where the Company does not expect to be entitled to breakage, provided that there is no requirement for remitting balances to government agencies under unclaimed property laws. The Company reviews its breakage estimates at least annually based upon the latest available information regarding redemption and expiration patterns. Our privilege membership programs offer privilege members rights to multiple benefits, such as free delivery and discounts on certain products. For certain KFC and Pizza Hut privilege membership programs offering a pre-defined amount of benefits that can be redeemed ratably over the membership period, revenue is ratably recognized over the period based on the elapse of time. With respect to the KFC and Pizza Hut privilege membership program offering members a mix of distinct benefits, including a welcome gift and assorted discount coupons with pre-defined quantities, consideration collected is allocated to the benefits provided based on their relative standalone selling price and revenue is recognized when food or services are delivered or the benefits expire. In determining the relative standalone selling price of the benefits, the Company considers likelihood of future redemption based on historical redemption pattern and reviews such estimates periodically based upon the latest available information regarding redemption and expiration patterns. Franchise Fees and Income Franchise fees and income primarily include upfront franchise fees, such as initial fees and renewal fees, and continuing fees. We have determined that the services we provide in exchange for upfront franchise fees and continuing fees are highly interrelated with the franchise right. We recognize upfront franchise fees received from a franchisee as revenue over the term of the franchise agreement or the renewal agreement because the franchise rights are accounted for as rights to access our symbolic intellectual property. The franchise agreement term is generally years for KFC and Pizza Hut, generally for Little Sheep, and three to for Huang Ji Huang. We recognize continuing fees, which are based upon a percentage of franchisee sales, as those sales occur. Revenues from Transactions with Franchisees and Unconsolidated Affiliates Revenues from transactions with franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates consist primarily of sales of food and paper products, advertising services, delivery services and other services provided to franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates that operate our concepts. The Company centrally purchases substantially all food and paper products from suppliers for substantially all of our restaurants, including franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates that operate our concepts, and then sells and delivers them to the restaurants. In addition, the Company owns seasoning facilities for its Chinese dining business unit, which manufacture and sell seasoning products to Huang Ji Huang and Little Sheep franchisees. The Company also provides delivery services to franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates that operate our concepts. The performance obligation arising from such transactions is considered distinct from the franchise agreement as it is not highly dependent on the franchise agreement and the customer can benefit from such services on its own. We consider ourselves the principal in this arrangement as we have the ability to control a promised good or service before transferring that good or service to the franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates that operate our concepts. Revenue is recognized upon transfer of control over ordered items or services, generally upon delivery to the franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates that operate our concepts. For advertising services, the Company often engages third parties to provide services and acts as a principal in the transaction based on our responsibilities of defining the nature of the services and administering and directing all marketing and advertising programs in accordance with the provisions of our franchise agreements. The Company collects advertising contributions, which are generally based on certain percentage of sales from substantially all of our restaurants, including franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates that operate our concepts. Other services provided to franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates consist primarily of customer and technology support services. Advertising services and other services provided are highly interrelated to franchise right, and are not considered individually distinct. We recognize revenue when the related sales occur. Other Revenues Other revenues primarily include i) sales of products to customers through e-commerce channels and the sale of our seasoning products to distributors, and ii) revenues from logistics and warehousing services provided to third parties through our supply chain network. Our segment disclosures also include revenues relating to delivery services that were provided to our Company-owned restaurants and, therefore, were eliminated for consolidation purposes. Other revenues are recognized upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those products or services. 
 months after being earned, may be redeemed for future purchases of KFC or Pizza Hut branded products or other products for free or at a discounted price. Points cannot be redeemed or exchanged for cash. The estimated value of points earned by the loyalty program members is recorded as a reduction of revenue at the time the points are earned, based on the percentage of points that are projected to be redeemed, with a corresponding deferred revenue liability included in Accounts payable and other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and subsequently recognized into revenue when the points are redeemed or expire. The Company estimates the value of the future redemption obligations based on the estimated value of the product for which points are expected to be redeemed and historical redemption patterns and reviews such estimates periodically based upon the latest available information regarding redemption and expiration patterns. 
 million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and were included in Occupancy and other operating expenses. In addition, the direct marketing costs incurred for franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates that operate our concepts were million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively, and were recorded in Expenses for transactions with franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates. 
 million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 
 
 When we believe it is more likely than not a restaurant or groups of restaurants will be refranchised for a price less than their carrying value, but do not believe the restaurant(s) have met the criteria to be classified as held for sale, we review the restaurants for impairment. We evaluate the recoverability of these restaurant assets by comparing estimated sales proceeds plus holding period cash flows, if any, to the carrying value of the restaurant or group of restaurants. For restaurant assets that are not deemed to be recoverable, we recognize impairment for any excess of carrying value over the fair value of the restaurants, which is based on the expected net sales proceeds. To the extent ongoing agreements to be entered into with the franchisee simultaneous with the refranchising are expected to contain terms, such as royalty rates, not at prevailing market rates, we consider the off-market terms in our impairment evaluation. We recognize any such impairment charges in Refranchising gain. Refranchising gain includes the gains or losses from the sales of our restaurants to new and existing franchisees, including any impairment charges discussed above. We recognize gains on restaurant refranchising when the sale transaction closes, the franchisee has a minimum amount of the purchase price in at-risk equity and we are satisfied that the franchisee can meet its financial obligations. When we decide to close a restaurant, it is reviewed for impairment, and depreciable lives are adjusted based on the expected disposal date. Other costs incurred when closing a restaurant such as costs of disposing of the assets as well as other facility-related expenses are generally expensed as incurred. Additionally, at the time we decide to close a restaurant, we reassess whether it is reasonably certain that we will exercise the termination option, and remeasure lease liability to reflect changes in lease term and remaining lease payments based on the planned exit date, if applicable. The amount of the re-measurement of the lease liability is recorded as an adjustment to the operating lease ROU asset first, with any remaining amount recorded in Closures and impairment expenses if the carrying amount of the operating lease ROU asset is reduced to zero. Any costs recorded upon store closure as well as any subsequent adjustments to remaining operating lease ROU assets and lease liabilities as a result of lease termination are recorded in Closures and impairment expenses. In the event we are forced to close a store and receive compensation for such closure, that compensation is recorded in Closures and impairment expenses. To the extent we sell assets associated with a closed store, any gain or loss upon that sale is also recorded in Closures and impairment expenses. Considerable management judgment is necessary to estimate future cash flows, including cash flows from continuing use, terminal value, lease term and refranchising proceeds. Accordingly, actual results could vary significantly from our estimates. 

Occupancy and other operating expenses 

Company restaurant expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Total 

(a) This primarily represents government subsidies for employee benefits and providing trainings to employees, with higher amounts received during the three years (2020-2022) impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Based on the policy related to COVID-19 issued in 2020 on reducing enterprise social security contribution and utility expenses , the Company also recorded one-time relief of million and million during 2022 and 2020, respectively, which were recognized as a reduction to the Company restaurant expenses and G A expenses. 
 likely of being realized upon settlement. We evaluate unrecognized tax benefits, including interest thereon, on a quarterly basis to ensure that they have been appropriately adjusted for events, including audit settlements, which may impact our ultimate payment for such exposures. We have investments in our foreign subsidiaries where the carrying values for financial reporting exceed the tax basis. Except for the planned but yet to be distributed earnings, we have not provided deferred tax on the portion of the excess that we believe is indefinitely reinvested, as we have the ability and intent to indefinitely postpone the basis differences from reversing with a tax consequence. The Company s separation from YUM was intended to qualify as a tax-free reorganization for U.S. income tax purposes resulting in the excess of financial reporting basis over tax basis in our investment in the China business continuing to be indefinitely reinvested. The excess of financial reporting basis over tax basis as of December 31, 2017 was subject to the one-time transition tax under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act Tax Act as a deemed repatriation of accumulated undistributed earnings from the foreign subsidiaries. However, we continue to believe that the portion of the excess of financial reporting basis over tax basis (including earnings and profits subject to the one-time transition tax) is indefinitely reinvested in our foreign subsidiaries for foreign withholding tax purposes. Pursuant to the China Enterprise Income Tax Law EIT Law ), a PRC withholding tax is generally levied on dividends declared by companies in China to their non-resident enterprise investors unless otherwise reduced according to treaties or arrangements between the Chinese central government and the governments of other countries or regions where the non-China resident enterprises are incorporated. Hong Kong has a tax arrangement with mainland China that provides for a withholding tax on dividends distributed to a Hong Kong resident enterprise, upon meeting certain conditions and requirements, including, among others, that the Hong Kong resident enterprise own at least equity interest of the Chinese enterprise and is a beneficial owner of the dividends. We believe that our principal Hong Kong subsidiary, which is the equity holder of our Chinese subsidiaries operating substantially all of our KFC and Pizza Hut restaurants, met the relevant requirements pursuant to the tax arrangement between mainland China and Hong Kong in 2018 and is expected to meet the requirements in the subsequent years; thus, it is more likely than not that our dividends or earnings expected to be repatriated to our principal Hong Kong subsidiary since 2018 are subject to the reduced withholding tax of . See Note 17 for a further discussion of our income taxes. 
 In addition, when we acquire additional equity interest in the unconsolidated affiliates to obtain control, it may result in gain or loss from re-measurement of our previously held equity interest at fair value using a discounted cash flow valuation approach and incorporating assumptions and estimates that are Level 3 inputs. Key assumptions used in estimating future cash flows included projected revenue growth and costs and expenses, which were based on internal projections, store expansion plans, historical performance of stores and the business environment, as well as the selection of an appropriate discount rate based on the weighted-average cost of capital which includes company-specific risk premium. 

days of the period in which the corresponding sales occur. Our provision of credit losses for accounts receivable is based upon the current expected credit losses CECL model. The CECL model requires an estimate of the credit losses expected over the life of accounts receivable since initial recognition, and accounts receivable with similar risk characteristics are grouped together when estimating CECL. In assessing the CECL, the Company considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical credit loss experience, adjusted for relevant factors impacting collectability and forward-looking information indicative of external market conditions. While we use the best information available in making our determination, the ultimate recovery of recorded receivables is also dependent upon future economic events and other conditions that may be beyond our control. Accounts receivable that are ultimately deemed to be uncollectible, and for which collection efforts have been exhausted, are written off against the allowance for doubtful accounts. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the ending balances of provision for accounts receivable were million and million , respectively, and amounts of accounts receivable past due were immaterial . 
 allowance for doubtful accounts was provided for such receivables. 
 
 to for buildings, the lesser of estimated useful lives (generally to and remaining lease term for leasehold improvements, to for restaurant machinery and equipment and to for capitalized software costs. We suspend depreciation and amortization on assets related to restaurants that are held for sale. The useful life of PP E is periodically reviewed. 
 We capitalize direct costs associated with the site acquisition and construction of a Company unit on that site, including direct internal payroll and payroll-related costs. Only those site-specific costs incurred subsequent to the time that the site acquisition is considered probable are capitalized. If we subsequently make a determination that it is probable a site for which internal development costs have been capitalized will not be acquired or developed, any previously capitalized internal development costs are expensed and included in G A expenses. We capitalize software costs incurred in connection with developing or obtaining computer software for internal use. We capitalize payroll and payroll-related costs for employees that are directly attributable to the development of our internal-use software. Internal costs incurred in the software application development stage are capitalized and amortized over the estimated useful lives of software. Costs associated with planning and post-implementation operation and software maintenance costs are expensed and included in G A expenses. 
 of acquisition, the goodwill associated with the acquired restaurant(s) is written off in its entirety. If the restaurant is refranchised or more subsequent to its acquisition, we include goodwill in the carrying amount of the restaurants disposed of based on the relative fair values of the portion of the reporting unit disposed of in the refranchising and the portion of the reporting unit that will be retained. We determine the useful life of intangible assets with consideration of factors including the expected use of the asset, the expected useful life of another asset or a group of assets to which the useful life of the intangible asset may relate, any legal, regulatory or contractual provisions that may limit the useful life, our historical experience in renewing or extending similar arrangements, the effects of obsolescence, demand, competition and other economic factors, and the level of maintenance expenditures required to obtain the expected future cash flows from the assets. We evaluate the remaining useful life of an intangible asset that is not being amortized each reporting period to determine whether events and circumstances continue to support an indefinite useful life. If an intangible asset that is not being amortized is subsequently determined to have a finite useful life, we amortize the intangible asset prospectively over its estimated remaining useful life. The Company s indefinite-lived intangible asset represents Little Sheep and Huang Ji Huang trademarks as we consider their useful life to be indefinite since we intend to use Little Sheep and Huang Ji Huang trademarks indefinitely and there are no legal, regulatory or contractual provisions that may limit the useful life of the trademarks. to years 

Huang Ji Huang franchise related assets 
 
 years 

Daojia platform 
 
 years 

Customer-related assets 
 
 to years 

Others 
 
 up to years 

The useful life of reacquired franchise rights was determined based on the contractual term whereas both the contractual term and historical pattern of renewing franchise agreements were considered in assessing the useful life of Huang Ji Huang franchise related assets. Customer-related assets primarily represent the customer relationship and user base acquired and the estimate of the useful life was based on the historical pattern of extending similar arrangements and attrition rate of users. Others primarily represent Little Sheep s secret recipe. The useful life of the Daojia platform and Little Sheep s secret recipe was assessed based on our estimate of periods generating cash flows from utilizing such assets. We evaluate our indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis or more often if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate impairments might exist. We perform our annual test for impairment of our indefinite-lived intangible assets at the beginning of our fourth quarter. We may elect to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is greater than its carrying value. If a qualitative assessment is not performed, or if as a result of a qualitative assessment it is not more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its carrying value, then the asset s fair value is compared to its carrying value. Fair value is an estimate of the price a willing buyer would pay for the intangible asset and is generally estimated by discounting the expected future after-tax cash flows associated with the intangible asset. Our finite-lived intangible assets that are not allocated to an individual restaurant are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the intangible asset may not be recoverable. An intangible asset that is deemed not recoverable based on forecasted undiscounted future cash flow is written down to its estimated fair value, which is our estimate of the price a willing buyer would pay for the intangible asset based on discounted expected future after-tax cash flows. For purposes of our impairment analysis, we update the cash flows that were initially used to value the finite-lived intangible asset to reflect our current estimates and assumptions over the asset s future remaining life. 

on net share repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. Any excise tax incurred on share repurchases will generally be recognized as part of the cost of the shares repurchased. 

equity interest in Hangzhou Catering for cash consideration of million. Hangzhou Catering holds a equity interest in Hangzhou KFC, of which the Company previously held a equity interest. Along with the investment, the Company also obtained two additional board seats in Hangzhou KFC. Upon completion of the transaction, the Company directly and indirectly holds an approximately equity interest in Hangzhou KFC and has majority representation on the board, and thus obtained control over Hangzhou KFC and started to consolidate its results from the acquisition date. As a result of the consolidation of the Hangzhou KFC, the Company also recognized a gain of million in the fourth quarter of 2021 from the re-measurement of our previously held equity interest at fair value. The gain was recorded in Other income, net and not allocated to any segment for performance reporting purposes. Additionally, million of the purchase price was allocated to the reacquired franchise right, which is amortized over the remaining franchise contract period of year. In addition to its equity interest in Hangzhou KFC, Hangzhou Catering operates approximately Chinese dining restaurants under four time-honored brands and a food processing business. The Company applies equity method of accounting to the equity interests in Hangzhou Catering excluding the Hangzhou KFC business and classified this investment in Investment in unconsolidated affiliates based on its then fair value. The Company elected to report its share of Hangzhou Catering s financial results with a one-quarter lag because its results are not available in time for the Company to record them in the concurrent period. The Company's equity income (loss) from Hangzhou Catering, net of taxes, was immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and included in Equity in net earnings (losses) from equity method investments in our Consolidated Statement of Income. As of December 31, 2022, the carrying amount of the Company s equity method investment in Hangzhou Catering was million, exceeding the Company s interest in Hangzhou Catering s underlying net assets by million. Substantially all of this difference was attributable to its self-owned properties and impact of related deferred tax liabilities determined upon acquisition, which is being depreciated over a weighted-average remaining useful life of years. Consolidation of Suzhou KFC In the third quarter of 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of an additional equity interest in Suzhou KFC for cash consideration of million, increasing our equity interest to , and thus the Company obtained control over the joint venture and started to consolidate Suzhou KFC from the acquisition date. As a result of the consolidation of Suzhou KFC, the Company also recognized a gain of million in the third quarter of 2020, from the re-measurement of our previously held equity interest at fair value. The gain was recorded in Other income, net and not allocated to any segment for performance reporting purposes. Additionally, million of the purchase price was allocated to the reacquired franchise right in 2020, which is amortized over the remaining franchise contract period of years. In December 2022, the Company acquired an additional equity interest in Suzhou KFC for cash consideration of million, bringing our total ownership to . As the Company has previously obtained control of Suzhou KFC, this transaction was accounted for as an equity transaction. Upon completion of the transaction, the excess of purchase consideration over the carrying amount of the non-controlling interests was million, which was recorded in Additional paid-in capital. Consolidation of Lavazza Joint Venture In April 2020, the Company and Lavazza Group established the Lavazza joint venture to explore and develop the Lavazza coffee concept in China, with ownership of a and equity interest, respectively. The Company accounted for the Lavazza joint venture under the equity method of accounting because Lavazza Group held substantive participating rights on certain significant financial and operating decisions. In September 2021, the Company and Lavazza Group entered into agreements for the joint venture, whereby substantive participating rights previously held by Lavazza Group were removed, and thus the Company obtained control over the joint venture and started to consolidate its results from the acquisition date. As a result of the consolidation of the Lavazza joint venture, the Company also recognized a gain of million in the third quarter of 2021 from the re-measurement of our previously held equity interest at fair value. The gain was recorded in Other income, net and not allocated to any segment for performance reporting purposes. Acquisition of Huang Ji Huang Group On April 8, 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of a interest in the Huang Ji Huang group Huang Ji Huang ), a leading Chinese-style casual dining franchise business, for cash consideration of million. Huang Ji Huang became an operating segment of the Company. See Note 9 for the Company s goodwill and intangible assets acquired from our acquisition of Huang Ji Huang. Fujian Sunner Development Co., Ltd. Sunner Investment In the first quarter of 2021, the Company acquired a equity interest in Sunner, a Shenzhen Stock Exchange listed company, for a total consideration of approximately million. Sunner is China s largest white-feathered chicken producer and the Company s largest poultry supplier. The Company accounted for the equity securities at fair value based on their closing market price on each measurement date, with subsequent fair value changes recorded in our Consolidated Statements of Income. The unrealized loss of million were included in Investment gain or loss in our Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing changes in fair value before the equity method of accounting was applied. In May 2021, a senior executive of the Company was nominated and appointed to Sunner s board of directors upon Sunner s shareholder approval. Through this representation, the Company participates in Sunner s policy making process. The representation on the board, along with the Company being one of Sunner s significant shareholders, provides the Company with the ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies of Sunner. As a result, the Company started to apply the equity method of accounting to the investment and reclassified this investment from Other assets to Investment in unconsolidated affiliates in May 2021 based on its then fair value. The Company elected to report its share of Sunner s financial results with a one-quarter lag because Sunner s results are not available in time for the Company to record them in the concurrent period. In 2022 and 2021, the Company s equity income (loss) from Sunner, net of taxes, was immaterial, and included in Equity in net earnings (losses) from equity method investments in our Consolidated Statement of Income. Since Sunner became the Company s unconsolidated affiliate in May 2021, the Company purchased inventories of million from Sunner for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company purchased inventories of million for year ended December 31, 2022. The Company s accounts payable and other current liabilities due to Sunner were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s investment in Sunner was stated at the carrying amount of million, which was million higher than the Company s interest in Sunner s underlying net assets. Of this basis difference, million was related to finite-lived intangible assets which are being amortized over estimated useful life of years. The remaining differences were related to goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, which are not subject to amortization, as well as deferred tax liabilities impact. As of December 31, 2022, the market value of the Company s investment in Sunner was million based on its quoted closing price. Meituan Dianping Meituan Investment In the third quarter of 2018, the Company subscribed for million, or less than , of the ordinary shares of Meituan, an e-commerce platform for services in China, for a total consideration of approximately million, when it launched its initial public offering on the HKEX in September 2018. In the second quarter of 2020, the Company sold million of the ordinary shares of Meituan for proceeds of approximately million, and realized a million pre-tax gain which was recognized during the holding period. The Company accounted for the equity securities at fair value with subsequent fair value changes recorded in our Consolidated Statements of Income. The fair value of the investment in Meituan is determined based on the closing market price for the shares at the end of each reporting period. The fair value change, to the extent the closing market price of shares of Meituan as of the end of reporting period is higher than our cost, is subject to U.S. tax.) 

() 

Losses recorded on equity securities sold during the year 

() 

(Losses) gains recorded on equity securities 

() 

() 

Franchise fees and income 

Revenues from transactions with franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates 

Other revenues 

() 

Total revenues 

() 

2021 

Revenues 
 
 KFC 

Pizza Hut 

All Other Segments 

Corporate and Unallocated 

Combined 

Elimination 

Consolidated 

Company sales 

Franchise fees and income 

Revenues from transactions with franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates 

Other revenues 

() 

Total revenues 

() 

2020 

Revenues 
 
 KFC 

Pizza Hut 

All Other Segments 

Corporate and Unallocated 

Combined 

Elimination 

Consolidated 

Company sales 

Franchise fees and income 

Revenues from transactions with franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates 

Other revenues 

() 

Total revenues 

() 

Franchise Fees and Income 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Initial fees, including renewal fees 

Continuing fees and rental income 

Franchise fees and income 

Costs to Obtain Contracts Costs to obtain contracts consist of upfront franchise fees that we paid to YUM prior to the separation in relation to initial fees or renewal fees we received from franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates that operate our concepts, as well as license fees that are payable to YUM in relation to our deferred revenue of prepaid stored-value products, privilege membership programs and customer loyalty programs. They meet the requirements to be capitalized as they are incremental costs of obtaining contracts with customers and the Company expects to generate future economic benefits from such costs incurred. Such costs to obtain contracts are included in Other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are amortized on a systematic basis that is consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the assets relate. Subsequent to the separation, we are no longer required to pay YUM initial or renewal fees that we receive from franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates. The Company did t incur any impairment losses related to costs to obtain contracts during any of the periods presented. Costs to obtain contracts were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Contract Liabilities 

- Deferred revenue related to upfront franchise fees 

- Deferred revenue related to customer loyalty programs 

- Deferred revenue related to privilege membership programs 

- Others 

Total 

Contract liabilities primarily consist of deferred revenue related to prepaid stored-value products, privilege membership programs, customer loyalty programs and upfront franchise fees. Deferred revenue related to prepaid stored-value products, privilege membership programs, and customer loyalty programs is included in Accounts payable and other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Deferred revenue related to upfront franchise fees that we expect to recognize as revenue in the next 12 months is included in Accounts payable and other current liabilities, and the remaining balance is included in Other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Revenue recognized that was included in the contract liability balance at the beginning of the year amounted to million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Changes in contract liability balances were not materially impacted by business acquisition, change in estimate of transaction price or any other factors during any of the years presented. The Company has elected, as a practical expedient, not to disclose the value of remaining performance obligations associated with sales-based royalty promised to franchisees in exchange for franchise right and other related services. The remaining duration of the performance obligation is the remaining contractual term of each franchise agreement. We recognize continuing franchisee fees and revenues from advertising services and other services provided to franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates that operate our concepts based on certain percentage of sales, as those sales occur. 

109 
 2022 10-K 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding (for basic calculation) (a) 

Effect of dilutive share-based awards (a) 

Effect of dilutive warrants (b) 

Weighted-average common and dilutive potential common shares outstanding (for diluted calculation) 

Basic Earnings Per Share 

Diluted Earnings Per Share 

Share-based awards excluded from the diluted EPS computation (c) 

(a) common shares were issued as a result of the Company s global offering and secondary listing on the HKEX and they were included in the calculated weighted-average common shares outstanding. 

 (b) tranches of warrants on January 9, 2017, with each tranche initially providing the right to purchase shares of Yum China common stock, at an initial exercise price of and per share, respectively, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. The warrants were exercisable at any time through October 31, 2021. The incremental shares arising from outstanding warrants were included in the computation of diluted EPS, if there is dilutive effect when the average market price of Yum China common stock for the year exceeds the applicable exercise price of the warrants. During 2021, an aggregate of common shares were issued as a result of the cashless exercise of all warrants outstanding, which upon exercise were excluded from the calculation of dilutive warrants and included in the weighted-average common shares outstanding. 

 (c) 

million, million and million, respectively. Excluding the impacts of million and million in gains from the re-measurement of our previously held equity interests in former unconsolidated affiliates recognized upon acquisition in 2021 and 2020, respectively, as described in Note 3, the Operating profit for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. Consolidation of Former Unconsolidated Affiliates In the fourth and third quarters of 2021, as a result of the consolidation of Hangzhou KFC and the Lavazza joint venture, the Company recognized a gain of million and million, respectively, from the re-measurement of our previously held equity interest at fair value in Other income. In the third quarter of 2020, the Company recognized a re-measurement gain of million as a result of the consolidation of Suzhou KFC in Other income. See Note 3 for additional information. Fair Value Changes for Investment in Equity Securities In September 2018, we invested in the equity securities of Meituan, the fair value of which is determined based on the closing market price for the shares at the end of each reporting period, with subsequent fair value changes recorded as Investment gain (loss) in our consolidated statements of income. We recorded related pre-tax loss of million and million in 2022 and 2021, and related pre-tax gains of million in 2020, respectively. In the first quarter of 2021, we invested in a equity interest in Sunner. The investment in Sunner was recorded at fair value based on their closing market price on each measurement date before it became subject to the equity method of accounting when the Company established significant influence over the operating and financial policies of Sunner in May 2021. We recorded related pre-tax loss of million in 2021, representing changes in fair value before the equity method of accounting was applied. See Note 3 for additional information on our investment in Meituan and Sunner. 

Gain from re-measurement of equity interest upon acquisition (b) 

() 

() 

Equity income from investments in unconsolidated affiliates (c) 

() 

() 

Derecognition of indemnification asset (d) 

Foreign exchanges and other 

() 

() 

() 

Other expenses (income), net 

() 

() 
 
 (a) million, million and million of the purchase price were allocated to intangible assets related to reacquired franchise rights, respectively, which are being amortized over the remaining franchise contract period of year, years and years. (See Note 3 for additional information). 

 (b) million and million, respectively, from the re-measurement of our previously held equity interest at fair value. In the third quarter of 2020, the Company recognized a re-measurement gain of million as a result of the consolidation of Suzhou KFC. The re-measurement gains were not allocated to any segment for performance reporting purposes. (See Note 3 for additional information). 

 (c) 

 (d) million indemnification asset previously recorded for the Daojia acquisition as the indemnification right pursuant to the purchase agreement expired. The expense was included in Other income, net, but was not allocated to any segment for performance reporting purposes. 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

() 

() 

Accounts receivable, net 

Receivables from payment processors and aggregators 

Dividends receivable from unconsolidated affiliates 

Other prepaid expenses and current assets 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Finance leases, primarily buildings 

Machinery and equipment 

Property, plant and equipment, gross 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Depreciation and amortization expense related to property, plant and equipment was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Investment in equity securities 

Long-term deposits 

Costs to obtain contracts 

VAT assets (a) 

Others 

Other Assets 

(a) million of VAT assets as of June 30, 2022 were reclassified from Other assets to Prepaid expenses and other current assets. As of December 31, 2022, VAT assets of million were included in Prepaid expenses and other current asset. 

 (b) million in each of 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

Operating leases liabilities 

Accrued compensation and benefits 

Contract liabilities 

Accrued capital expenditures 

Accrued marketing expenses 

Other current liabilities 

Accounts payable and other current liabilities 

Contract liabilities 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

Other liabilities 

112 
 2022 10-K 

Accumulated impairment losses (a) 

() 

() 

Goodwill, net 

Goodwill acquired (b) 

Effect of currency translation adjustments 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Goodwill, gross 

Accumulated impairment losses (a) 

() 

() 

Goodwill, net 

Goodwill acquired (b) 

Effect of currency translation adjustments 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Goodwill, gross 

Accumulated impairment losses (a) 

() 

() 

Goodwill, net 

(a) 

 (b) 

() 

() 

Huang Ji Huang franchise related assets 

() 

() 

Daojia platform 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Customer-related assets 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Indefinite-lived intangible assets 

Little Sheep trademark 

Huang Ji Huang trademark 

Total intangible assets 

() 

() 

() 

() 

(a) 

 (b) 

Amortization expense for finite-lived intangible assets was million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. Amortization expense for finite-lived intangible assets is expected to approximate million in 2023 and million in each of 2024, 2025, 2026 and 2027. Increase in amortization expenses for finite-lived intangible assets in 2022 primarily relates to reacquired franchise rights resulting from the acquisition of Hangzhou KFC (Note 3). 

113 
 2022 10-K 

million (approximately million), comprised of onshore credit facilities of RMB million (approximately million) in the aggregate and offshore credit facilities of million in the aggregate. to as of December 31, 2022. Each credit facility bears interest based on the prevailing rate stipulated by the People s Bank of China, Loan Prime Rate LPR published by the National Interbank Funding Centre of the PRC, London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR administered by the ICE Benchmark Administration, or Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. Each credit facility contains a cross-default provision whereby our failure to make any payment on a principal amount from any credit facility will constitute a default on other credit facilities. Some of the credit facilities contain covenants limiting, among other things, certain additional indebtedness and liens, and certain other transactions specified in the respective agreement. Interest on any outstanding borrowings is due at least monthly . Some of the onshore credit facilities contain sub-limits for overdrafts, non-financial bonding, standby letters of credit and guarantees. As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding bank guarantees of RMB million (approximately million) mainly to secure our lease payments to landlords for certain Company-owned restaurants. The credit facilities were therefore reduced by the same amount. There was a -million bank borrowing outstanding as of December 31, 2022, which was secured by a -million short-term investment. The bank borrowing was due within one year and included in Accounts payable and other current liabilities. 

million and million, respectively, for a collective million investment (the Investment in the Company in exchange for: (i) over million shares of Yum China common stock and (ii) tranches of warrants (the Warrants ). Upon exercise, the first tranche of Warrants initially provided Primavera and Ant Financial with the right to purchase and shares of Yum China common stock, respectively, at an initial exercise price of per share. The second tranche of Warrants initially provided Primavera and Ant Financial with the right to purchase the same number of shares of Yum China common stock under the first tranche of Warrants, at an initial exercise price of per share. The Warrants were exercisable at any time through and contain customary anti-dilution protections, which were equity-classified and recorded in Additional paid in capital in the Consolidated balance sheet presented since December 2016, when the number of Warrants to be issued became fixed. As of December 31, 2020, Primavera and Ant Financial had separately entered into pre-paid forward sale transactions with respect to all of their Warrants with several financial institutions, pursuant to which Primavera and Ant Financial would deliver their respective Warrants on the applicable settlement date. In 2021, shares of Yum China common stock were issued as a result of the cashless exercise of all Warrants, representing approximately of Yum China common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021. 

properties in China for our Company-owned restaurants. We generally enter into lease agreements for our restaurants with initial terms of to years. Most of our lease agreements contain termination options that permit us to terminate the lease agreement early if the restaurant s unit contribution is negative for a specified period of time. We generally do not have renewal options for our leases. Such options are accounted for only when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise the options. The rent under the majority of our current restaurant lease agreements is generally payable in one of three ways: (i) fixed rent; (ii) the higher of a fixed base rent or a percentage of the restaurant s sales; or (iii) a percentage of the restaurant s sales. Most leases require us to pay common area maintenance fees for the leased property. In addition to restaurants leases, we also lease office spaces, logistics centers and equipment. Our lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. In limited cases, we sub-lease certain restaurants to franchisees in connection with refranchising transactions or lease our properties to other third parties. The lease payments under these leases are generally based on the higher of a fixed base rent or a percentage of the restaurant s annual sales. Income from sub-lease agreements with franchisees or lease agreements with other third parties are included in Franchise fees and income and Other revenue, respectively, within our Consolidated Statements of Income. The impact of ASC 842 on our accounting as a lessor was not significant. 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Finance lease right-of-use assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Total leased assets 

Liabilities 

Current 

Operating lease liabilities 

Accounts payable and other current liabilities 

Finance lease liabilities 

Accounts payable and other current liabilities 

Non-current 

Operating lease liabilities 

Non-current operating lease liabilities 

Finance lease liabilities 

Non-current finance lease liabilities 

Total lease liabilities 

Occupancy and other operating expenses, G A or Franchise expenses 

Finance lease cost 

Amortization of leased assets 

Occupancy and other operating expenses 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Interest expense, net 

Variable lease cost (a) 

Occupancy and other operating expenses or Franchise expenses 

Short-term lease cost 

Occupancy and other operating expenses or G A 

Sublease income 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Franchise fees and income or Other revenues 

Total lease cost 

(a) million, million and million in lease concessions from landlords related to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The lease concessions were primarily in the form of rent reduction over the period of time when the Company s restaurant business was adversely impacted. The Company applied the interpretive guidance in a FASB staff question-and-answer document issued in April 2020 and elected: (1) not to evaluate whether a concession received in response to the COVID-19 pandemic is a lease modification and (2) to assume such concession was contemplated as part of the existing lease contract with no contract modification. Such concession was recognized as negative variable lease cost in the period the concession was granted. 

Operating cash flows from finance leases 

Financing cash flows from finance leases 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities (b) : 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

(b) million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, as well as adjustments to lease liabilities or ROU assets due to modification or other reassessment events, which resulted in a decrease of million, million and million in lease liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Finance leases 

Weighted-average discount rate 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

Summary of Future Lease Payments and Lease Liabilities 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted lease payment 

Less: imputed interest (c) 

Present value of lease liabilities 

(c) 

As of December 31, 2022, we have additional lease agreements that have been signed but not yet commenced, with total undiscounted minimum lease payments of million. These leases will commence between 2023 and 2026 with lease terms of year to years. 

transfers among the levels within the fair value hierarchy occurred in 2022 and 2021. 

Fixed income debt securities (a) 

Money market funds 

Total cash equivalents 

Short-term investments: 

Time deposits 

Fixed income debt securities (a) 

Structured deposits 

Total short-term investments 

Long-term time deposits (b) 

Other assets: 

Investment in equity securities 

Total 

Fair Value Measurement or Disclosure at December 31, 2021 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Cash equivalents: 

Time deposits 

Fixed income debt securities (a) 

Money market funds 

Total cash equivalents 

Short-term investments: 

Time deposits 

Fixed income debt securities (a) 

Variable return investments 

Total short-term investments 

Long-term time deposits (b) 

Other assets: 

Investment in equity securities 

Total 

(a) 

 (b) million and million deposits, respectively, which is restricted for use in order to secure the balance of prepaid stored-value cards issued by the Company pursuant to regulatory requirements. 

Non-recurring fair value measurements In addition, certain of the Company s restaurant-level assets (including operating lease ROU assets, property, plant and equipment), goodwill and intangible assets, are measured at fair value based on unobservable inputs (Level 3) on a non-recurring basis, if determined to be impaired. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of restaurant-level assets, if determined to be impaired, are primarily represented by the price market participant would pay to sub-lease the operating lease ROU assets and acquire remaining restaurants assets, which reflects the highest and best use of the assets. Significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement include market rental prices, which were determined with the assistance of an independent valuation specialist. The direct comparison approach is used as the valuation technique by assuming sub-lease of each of these properties in its existing state with vacant possession. By making reference to lease transactions as available in the relevant market, comparable properties in close proximity have been selected and adjustments have been made to account for the difference in factors such as location and property size. 

Closure and impairment expenses, net 
 
 (a) Restaurant-level impairment charges are recorded in Closures and impairment expenses, net and resulted primarily from our semi-annual impairment evaluation of long-lived assets of individual restaurants that were being operated at the time of impairment and had not been offered for refranchising. We performed an additional impairment evaluation in the first quarter of 2020, considering the adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic as an impairment indicator. After considering the impairment charges recorded during the corresponding years, the fair value of assets as of the relevant measurement date was million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

to of an executive s base salary. Upon termination, participants will receive a lump sum equal to a percentage of the Company s contributions inclusive of investment return. This percentage is based on a vesting schedule that provides participants with a vested interest upon completion of a minimum of years of service, and an additional vested interest for each additional completed year, up to a maximum of . The Company adopted the same plan after the separation and the contribution amount to the plan for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was immaterial. As stipulated by Chinese state regulations, the Company participates in a government-sponsored defined contribution retirement plan. Substantially all employees are entitled to an annual pension equal to a fixed proportion of the average basic salary amount of the geographical area of their last employment at their retirement date. We are required to make contributions to the local social security bureau between and of the previous year s average basic salary amount of the geographical area where the employees are under our employment. Contributions are recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income as they become payable. We have no obligation for the payment of pension benefits beyond the annual contributions as set out above. The Company contributed million, million and million to the government-sponsored plan for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

shares of our common stock. Under this plan, the exercise price of stock options and SARs granted must be equal to or greater than the fair market value of the Company s stock on the date of grant. In connection with the Primary Conversion, the Company s stockholders approved the Yum China Holdings, Inc. 2022 Long Term Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan ), with shares of Company common stock authorized for grants. The 2022 Plan replaced the 2016 Plan and became effective on October 24, 2022. The 2016 Plan continued to govern awards granted prior to the effectiveness of the 2022 Plan. Under the 2022 Plan, the exercise price of stock options and SARs granted must be the higher of 1) the fair market value of the Company s stock on the date of grant and (ii) the average fair market value for the trading days immediately preceding the date of grant. The 2022 Plan is largely based on the 2016 Plan, but with updates to conform to the requirements of the HKEX, to delete provisions relating to our spin-off that are no longer applicable and to make certain other administrative changes. Similar to the 2016 Plan, potential awards to employees and non-employee directors under the 2022 Plan include stock options, incentive options, SARs, restricted stock, stock units, RSUs, performance shares, performance units, and cash incentive awards. While awards under the 2016 and 2022 Plan can have varying vesting provisions and exercise periods, outstanding awards vest in periods ranging from three to . Stock options and SARs expire after grant. The Company recognizes all share-based payments to employees and non-employee directors in the Consolidated Financial Statements as compensation cost on a straight-line basis over the service period based on their fair value on the date of grant, for awards that actually vest and when performance conditions are probable of being achieved, if applicable. If no substantive service condition exists, the grant-date fair value is fully recognized as expense upon grant. Award Valuation Stock Options and SARs 

Expected term (years) 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividend yield 

Share option and SAR awards granted to employees typically have a graded vesting schedule of per year over and expire years after grant. The Company uses a single weighted-average term for awards that have a graded vesting schedule and determined average terms of exercise based on analysis of the historical exercise and post-vesting termination behavior. Forfeitures were estimated based on historical experience. Historical data used to estimate the expected term and forfeiture rate include data associated with the Company s employees who were granted share-based awards by YUM prior to the separation. For those awards granted by the Company after the separation, the Company considered the volatility of common shares of comparable companies in the same business as the Company, as well as the historical volatility of the Company stock. The dividend yield was estimated based on the Company s dividend policy at the time of the grant. RSUs RSU awards generally vest over three to , with either cliff vesting at on the third grant anniversary or graded vesting on anniversary dates. The fair values of RSU awards are based on the closing price of the Company s stock on the date of grant. PSUs In February 2020, the Company s board of directors approved new grants of a special award of PSUs Partner PSU Awards to select employees who were deemed critical to the Company s execution of its strategic operating plan under the 2016 Plan. These Partner PSU Awards are subject to market and performance conditions, and will cliff vest only if threshold performance goals are achieved over a performance period, with the payout ranging from to of the target number of shares. In addition, the Company also granted annual PSU awards since 2020. These annual PSU awards are based on the Company s achievement of one or more performance goals, including relative total shareholder return against the MSCI China Index, and will cliff vest only if threshold performance goals are achieved over a performance period. 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividend yield 
 
 Not applicable 

Not applicable 

Compensation costs associated with annual and Partner PSU Awards are recognized on a straight-line basis over the performance period when performance conditions are probable of being achieved, adjusted for estimated forfeiture rate. Others Commencing from November 11, 2016, Yum China also granted annual awards of common stock to non-employee directors for their service on Yum China s board of directors. The fair value of these awards is based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The shares were issued outright to the directors on the date of grant, with no conditions attached. Therefore, the fair value of the awards was fully recognized as expenses upon grant. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, a total of , and shares of Yum China common stock, respectively, were granted to non-employee directors and the grant-date fair value of million, million and million, respectively, was immediately recognized in full in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Award Activity Stock Options and SARs 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited or expired 

() 

Outstanding at the end of 2022 

(a) 

Exercisable at the end of 2022 

stock options and SARs with weighted-average exercise prices of and , respectively . Outstanding awards represent Yum China awards held by employees of both the Company and YUM. 

The weighted-average grant-date fair value of SARs granted in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. The total intrinsic value of stock options and SARs exercised by the Company s employees during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested SARs, which will be reduced by any forfeitures that occur, is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted-average vesting period of approximately years. The total fair value at grant date or modification date of awards held by the Company s employees that vested during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited or expired 

() 

Unvested at the end of 2022 

The weighted-average grant-date fair value of RSUs granted in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs, which will be reduced by any forfeiture that occurs, is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted-average vesting period of approximately years. The total fair value at grant date of awards that vested during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited or expired 

() 

Unvested at the end of 2022 

The weighted-average grant-date fair value of PSUs granted in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested PSUs, which will be reduced by any forfeiture that occurs and adjusted based on the Company s achievement of performance goals, is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted-average vesting period of approximately years. The total fair value at grant date of awards that vested during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. On December 30, 2022, in recognition of the extended impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the Company s performance over the three-year performance period of the 2020 annual PSU awards, the Compensation Committee of the board of directors determined to adjust the weighting of the performance goals applicable to the 2020 annual PSU awards. This modification pertained to all recipients of this award, and resulted in incremental compensation expense of million recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022. Impact on Net Income Share-based compensation expense was million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Deferred tax benefits of million was recognized in each of 2022, 2021 and 2020 . 

million shares of common stock, par value per share, and million shares of Yum China common stock were issued and outstanding. As of December 31, 2022, million shares of Yum China common stock were issued and outstanding. Share Repurchase and Retirement The Company repurchased million, million and million shares of common stock at a total cost of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, billion remained available for repurchase under the current authorization. As of December 31, 2022, all shares repurchased were retired and resumed the status of authorized and unissued shares of common stock. Cash Dividend On , the board of directors approved a regular quarterly cash dividend program, and we have paid a quarterly cash dividend on Yum China s common stock since the fourth quarter of 2017, except for the second and third quarters of 2020 due to the unprecedented effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Cash dividends totaling million, million and million were paid to stockholders in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income AOCI The Company s other comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and AOCI balances as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were comprised solely of foreign currency translation adjustments. Other comprehensive loss was million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and other comprehensive income was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The accumulated balances reported in AOCI in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for currency translation adjustments were a net loss of million as of December 31, 2022 and a net gain of million as of December 31, 2021. There was tax effect related to the components of other comprehensive income for all years presented. Restricted net assets The Company s ability to pay dividends is primarily dependent on the Company receiving distributions of funds from its subsidiaries. Relevant PRC statutory laws and regulations permit payments of dividends by the Company s PRC subsidiaries only out of their retained earnings, if any, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. The results of operations reflected in the Consolidated Financial Statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP differ from those reflected in the statutory financial statements of the Company s subsidiaries. In accordance with the PRC Regulations on Enterprises with Foreign Investment and the articles of association of the Company s PRC subsidiaries, a foreign-invested enterprise established in the PRC is required to provide certain statutory reserves, namely general reserve fund, the enterprise expansion fund and staff welfare and bonus fund which are appropriated from net profit as reported in the enterprise s PRC statutory accounts. A foreign-invested enterprise is required to allocate at least of its annual after-tax profit to the general reserve until such reserve has reached of its respective registered capital based on the enterprise s PRC statutory accounts. Appropriations to the enterprise expansion fund and staff welfare and bonus fund are at the discretion of the board of directors for all foreign-invested enterprises. The aforementioned reserves can only be used for specific purposes and are not distributable as cash dividends. As a result of these PRC laws and regulations subject to the limit discussed above that require annual appropriations of 10 of after-tax income to be set aside, prior to payment of dividends as general reserve fund, the Company s PRC subsidiaries are restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to the Company in the form of dividend payments, loans or advances. The restricted net assets of the PRC subsidiaries were approximately billion as of December 31, 2022. Furthermore, cash transfers from the Company s PRC subsidiaries to its subsidiaries outside of China are subject to PRC government control of currency conversion. Shortages in the availability of foreign currency may restrict the ability of the PRC subsidiaries to remit sufficient foreign currency to pay dividends or other payments to the Company, or otherwise satisfy their foreign currency-denominated obligations. 

on certain large corporations. On December 27, 2022, the U.S. Treasury Department and the Internal Revenue Services (the IRS released Notice 2023-7, announcing their intention to issue proposed regulations addressing the application of the new CAMT. Notice 2023-7 also provides interim guidance regarding certain CAMT issues and states that, the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS plan to issue additional interim guidance addressing other issues before publishing proposed regulations. The Company will monitor the regulatory developments and continue to evaluate the impact on our financial statements, if any. In December 2022, a refined Foreign Sourced Income Exemption FSIE regime was published in Hong Kong and will take effect from January 1, 2023. Under the new FSIE regime, certain foreign soured income would be deemed as being sourced from Hong Kong and chargeable to Hong Kong Profits Tax, if the recipient entity fails to meet the prescribed exception requirements. Certain dividends, interests and disposal gains, if any, received by us and our Hong Kong subsidiaries may be subject to the new tax regime. We are in the process of evaluating the impact on our financial statements, if any. 

() 

() 

Mainland China 

Other Foreign 

() 

() 

Foreign 

Deferred: 
 
 Federal 

() 

() 

Foreign 

() 

() 

Statutory rate differential attributable to foreign operations 

Adjustments to reserves and prior years 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Change in valuation allowances 

Other, net 

() 

() 

Effective income tax rate 

Statutory rate differential attributable to foreign operations. This item includes local taxes, withholding taxes, and shareholder-level taxes, net of foreign tax credits. A majority of our income is earned in China, which is generally subject to a tax rate. The negative impact in 2022, 2021 and 2020 is primarily due to the U.S. federal statutory rate of , which is lower than China s statutory income tax rate. Adjustments to reserves and prior years. This item includes: (1) changes in tax reserves, including interest thereon, established for potential exposure we may incur if a taxing authority takes a position on a matter contrary to our position; and (2) the effects of reconciling income tax amounts recorded in our Consolidated Statements of Income to amounts reflected on our tax returns, including any adjustments to the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The impact of certain effects or changes may affect items reflected in Statutory rate differential attributable to foreign operations . Change in valuation allowances. This item relates to changes for deferred tax assets generated or utilized during the current year and changes in our judgment regarding the likelihood of using deferred tax assets that existed at the beginning of the year. The impact of certain changes may affect items reflected in Statutory rate differential attributable to foreign operations . Others. This item primarily includes the impact of permanent differences related to current year earnings, gain or loss on investment in equity securities, as well as U.S. tax credits and deductions. 

Tax benefit from Little Sheep restructuring 

Employee benefits 

Share-based compensation 

Lease 

Other liabilities 

Deferred income and other 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax asset valuation allowances 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

Intangible assets 

() 

() 

Property, plant and equipment 

() 

() 

Gain from re-measurement of equity interest upon acquisition 

() 

() 

Unrealized gains from equity securities 

() 

() 

Withholding tax on distributable earnings 

() 

() 

Gross deferred tax (liabilities) 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax (liabilities) 

() 

() 

Reported in Consolidated Balance Sheets as: 

Deferred income tax assets 

Deferred income tax liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

() 

We have investments in our foreign subsidiaries where the carrying values for financial reporting exceed the tax basis. Except for the planned but yet to be distributed earnings, we have not provided deferred tax on the portion of the excess that we believe is indefinitely reinvested, as we have the ability and intent to indefinitely postpone the basis differences from reversing with a tax consequence. The Company s separation from YUM was intended to qualify as a tax-free reorganization for U.S. income tax purposes resulting in the excess of financial reporting basis over tax basis in our investment in the China business continuing to be indefinitely reinvested. The excess of financial reporting basis over tax basis as of December 31, 2017 was subject to the one-time transition tax under the Tax Act as a deemed repatriation of accumulated undistributed earnings from the foreign subsidiaries. However, we continue to believe that the portion of the excess of financial reporting basis over tax basis (including earnings and profits subject to the one-time transition tax) is indefinitely reinvested in our foreign subsidiaries for foreign withholding tax purposes. We estimate that our total temporary difference for which we have not provided foreign withholding taxes is approximately billion at December 31, 2022 . The foreign withholding tax rate on this amount is or depending on the manner of repatriation and the applicable tax treaties or tax arrangements. At December 31, 2022, the Company had operating loss carryforwards of million , primarily related to our Little Sheep and Daojia as well as certain underperforming entities, most of which will expire by . These losses are being carried forward in jurisdictions where we are permitted to use tax losses from prior periods to reduce future taxable income. Cash payments for tax liabilities on income tax returns filed were million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We recognize the benefit of positions taken or expected to be taken in tax returns in the financial statements when it is more likely than not that the position would be sustained upon examination by tax authorities. A recognized tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than likely of being realized upon settlement. 

Additions on tax positions 

Reductions due to statute expiration 

() 

() 

End of Year 

In 2022 and 2021, our unrecognized tax benefits were increased by million and million , respectively. The unrecognized tax benefits balance of million as of December 31, 2022 related to the uncertainty with regard to the deductibility of certain business expenses incurred, all of which, if recognized upon audit settlement or statute expiration, would affect the effective tax rate. The Company believes it is reasonably possible its unrecognized tax benefits of million as of December 31, 2022, which is included in Other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, may decrease by approximately million in the next 12 months, which if recognized, would affect the 2023 effective tax rate . The accrued interest and penalties related to income taxes at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are set forth below: 

During 2022, 2021 and 2020 , a net benefit of million, nil and nil for interest and penalties was recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Income as components of our income tax provision, respectively. The Company s results are subject to examination in the U.S. federal jurisdiction as well as various U.S. state jurisdictions as part of YUM s and our own income tax filings, and separately in foreign jurisdictions. Any liability arising from these examinations related to periods prior to the separation is expected to be settled among the Company, YCCL and YUM in accordance with the tax matters agreement we entered into in connection with the separation. 

reportable segments: KFC and Pizza Hut. Our remaining operating segments, including the operations of Taco Bell, Lavazza, Little Sheep, Huang Ji Huang, COFFii JOY, East Dawning, our delivery operating segment and our e-commerce business, are combined and referred to as All Other Segments, as these operating segments are insignificant both individually and in the aggregate. 

Inter-segment revenue 

() 

Total 

() 

2021 

KFC 

Pizza Hut 

All Other Segments 

Corporate and Unallocated (a) 

Combined 

Elimination 

Consolidated 

Revenues 

Revenue from external customers 

Inter-segment revenue 

() 

Total 

() 

2020 

KFC 

Pizza Hut 

All Other Segments 

Corporate and Unallocated (a) 

Combined 

Elimination 

Consolidated 

Revenues 

Revenue from external customers 

Inter-segment revenue 

() 

Total 

() 

Operating Profit (Loss) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

KFC (b) 

Pizza Hut 

All Other Segments 

() 

() 

() 

Unallocated revenues from transactions with franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates (c) 

Unallocated Other revenues 

Unallocated expenses for transactions with franchisees and unconsolidated affiliates (c) 

() 

() 

() 

Unallocated Other operating costs and expenses 

() 

() 

() 

Unallocated and corporate G A expenses 

() 

() 

() 

Unallocated Other income (d) 

Operating Profit 

Interest income, net (a) 

Investment (loss) gain (a) 

() 

() 

Income Before Income Taxes and Equity in Net Earnings (Losses) from Equity Method Investments 

Depreciation and Amortization 

2022 

2021 

2020 

KFC 

Pizza Hut 

All Other Segments 

Corporate and Unallocated 

Impairment Charges 

2022 

2021 

2020 

KFC (e) 

Pizza Hut (e) 

All Other Segments (e) 

Capital Spending 

2022 

2021 

2020 

KFC 

Pizza Hut 

All Other Segments 

Corporate and Unallocated 

Total Assets 

2022 

2021 

KFC 

Pizza Hut 

All Other Segments 

Corporate and Unallocated (f) 

(a) 

 (b) million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

 (c) 

 (d) 

 (e) 

 (f) 

As substantially all of the Company's revenue is derived from the PRC and substantially all of the Company's long-lived assets are located in the PRC, no geographical information is presented. In addition, revenue derived from and long-lived assets located in the U.S., the Company s country of domicile, are immaterial. 

. YUM concluded and we concurred that it is more likely than not that YUM will not be subject to this tax with respect to the distribution. However, given how recently Bulletin 7 was promulgated, there are significant uncertainties regarding what constitutes a reasonable commercial purpose, how the safe harbor provisions for group restructurings are to be interpreted and how the taxing authorities will ultimately view the distribution. As a result, YUM s position could be challenged by Chinese tax authorities resulting in a tax assessed on the difference between the fair market value and the tax basis of the separated China business. As YUM s tax basis in the China business is minimal, the amount of such a tax could be significant. Any tax liability arising from the application of Bulletin 7 to the distribution is expected to be settled in accordance with the tax matters agreement between the Company and YUM. Pursuant to the tax matters agreement, to the extent any Chinese indirect transfer tax pursuant to Bulletin 7 is imposed, such tax and related losses will be allocated between YUM and the Company in proportion to their respective share of the combined market capitalization of YUM and the Company during the 30 trading days after the separation. Such a settlement could be significant and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our financial condition. At the inception of the tax indemnity being provided to YUM, the fair value of the non-contingent obligation to stand ready to perform was insignificant and the liability for the contingent obligation to make payment was not probable or estimable. Guarantees for Franchisees From time to time we have guaranteed certain lines of credit and loans of franchisees. As of December 31, 2022 , guarantees were outstanding for franchisees. Indemnification of Officers and Directors The Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws include provisions that require the Company to indemnify directors or officers for monetary damages for actions taken as a director or officer of the Company or while serving at the Company s request as a director or officer or another position at another corporation or enterprise, as the case may be. The Company purchases standard directors and officers insurance to cover claims or a portion of the claims made against its directors and officers. Since a maximum obligation is not explicitly stated in the Company s bylaws or in the indemnification agreements and will depend on the facts and circumstances that arise out of any future claims, the overall maximum amount of the obligations cannot be reasonably estimated. The Company has not been required to make payments related to these obligations, and the fair value for these obligations is as of December 31, 2022. Legal Proceedings The Company is subject to various lawsuits covering a variety of allegations from time to time. The Company believes that the ultimate liability, if any, in excess of amounts already provided for these matters in the Consolidated Financial Statements, is not likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company s annual results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Matters faced by the Company from time to time include, but are not limited to, claims from landlords, employees, customers and others related to operational, contractual or employment issues. 

, the Company announced that the board of directors declared a cash dividend of per share on Yum China s common stock, payable as of the close of business on , to stockholders of record as of the close of business on . Total estimated cash dividend payable is approximately million. 

129 
 2022 10-K 

Item 9.	Changes in and Disagreements with Acco untants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A.	Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on the evaluation, performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer (the CEO and the Chief Financial Officer (the CFO ), the Company s management, including the CEO and CFO, concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the CEO and CFO, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) , our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 KPMG Huazhen LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 and has issued their report, included herein. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes with respect to the Company s internal control over financial reporting or in other factors that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 9B.	Other Information. 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C.	Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 As of March 1, 2023, the Company has determined that it is not owned or controlled by a governmental entity in mainland China based on the fact that, as of such date, no such governmental entity had filed a Schedule 13D or 13G with respect to the Company s securities, the Company is not a party to any material contracts with such a foreign governmental party, and there is no such foreign government representative on the Company s board of directors. For further information, see Item 1. Business Doing Business in China Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act and Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China The audit report included in this Form 10-K is prepared by auditors who are located in China, and in the event the PCAOB is unable to inspect our auditors, our common stock will be subject to potential delisting from the New York Stock Exchange. 
 130 
 2022 10-K 

PART III 
 
 Item 10.	Directors, Executive Of ficers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 Information regarding the Company s Audit Committee and the Audit Committee financial expert, the Company s code of conduct and background of the directors appearing under the captions Governance of the Company and Election of Directors is incorporated herein by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Information regarding executive officers of the Company is incorporated by reference from Part I of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 11.	Executi ve Compensation. 
 
 Information regarding executive and director compensation and the Company s Compensation Committee appearing under the captions Executive Compensation , 2022 Director Compensation and Governance of the Company is incorporated herein by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 12.	Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Ow ners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 Information regarding equity compensation plans and security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management appearing under the captions Executive Compensation and Stock Ownership Information is incorporated herein by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 13.	Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 Information regarding certain relationships and related transactions and information regarding director independence appearing under the caption Governance of the Company is incorporated herein by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 14.	Principal Accoun tant Fees and Services. 
 
 Information regarding principal accountant fees and services and audit committee pre-approval policies and procedures appearing under the caption Approval and Ratification of Independent Auditor is incorporated herein by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 131 
 2022 10-K 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15.	Exhibits and Finan cial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 
 (1) 
 
 Financial Statements: Consolidated Financial Statements filed as part of this report are listed under Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

(2) 
 
 Financial Statement Schedules: No schedules are required because either the required information is not present or not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements thereto filed as a part of this Form 10-K. 

(3) 
 
 Exhibits: The exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index are filed as part of this Form 10-K. The Index to Exhibits specifically identifies each management contract or compensatory plan required to be filed as an exhibit to this Form 10-K. 

132 
 2022 10-K 

Yum China Holdings, Inc. 
 Exhibit Index 
 (Item 15) 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Exhibits 

2.1 
 
 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2016, by and among Yum! Brands, Inc., Yum Restaurants Consulting (Shanghai) Company Limited and Yum China Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 1, 2016). 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Yum China Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 2, 2021). 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Yum China Holdings, Inc., effective from October 24, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 19, 2022). 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2022). 

10.1 
 
 Master License Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2016, by and between Yum! Restaurants Asia Pte. Ltd. and Yum Restaurants Consulting (Shanghai) Company Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 1, 2016). 

10.2 
 
 Tax Matters Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2016, by and among Yum! Brands, Inc., Yum China Holdings, Inc. and Yum Restaurants Consulting (Shanghai) Company Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 1, 2016). 

10.3 
 
 Employee Matters Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2016, by and between Yum! Brands, Inc. and Yum China Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 1, 2016). 

10.4 
 
 Name License Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2016, by and between Yum! Brands, Inc. and Yum China Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 1, 2016). 

10.5 
 
 Guaranty of Master License Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2016, by Yum China Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 1, 2016). 

10.6 
 
 Investment Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2016, by and among Yum! Brands, Inc., Yum China Holdings, Inc. and Pollos Investment L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Amendment No. 5 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on September 16, 2016). 

10.7 
 
 Investment Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2016, by and among Yum! Brands, Inc., Yum China Holdings, Inc. and API (Hong Kong) Investment Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Amendment No. 5 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on September 16, 2016). 

10.8 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2016, by and among Yum! Brands, Inc., Yum China Holdings, Inc., API (Hong Kong) Investment Limited and Pollos Investment L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 8, 2017). 

10.9 
 
 Shareholders Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2016, by and among Yum China Holdings, Inc., Pollos Investment L.P. and API (Hong Kong) Investment Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 1, 2016). 

133 
 2022 10-K 

10.10 
 
 Form of Yum China Holdings, Inc. Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 1, 2016). 

10.11 
 
 Yum China Holdings, Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Amendment No. 5 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on September 16, 2016). 

10.12 
 
 Yum China Holdings, Inc. Leadership Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Amendment No. 5 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on September 16, 2016). 

10.13 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Amendment No. 5 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on September 16, 2016). 

10.14 
 
 Form of Stock Appreciation Right Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Amendment No. 5 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on September 16, 2016). 

10.15 
 
 Letter of Understanding issued by Yum China Holdings, Inc. to Johnson Huang, dated as of February 6, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 8, 2017). 

10.16 
 
 Transition Agreement, dated as of September 29, 2017, by and between Yum China Holdings, Inc. and Micky Pant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 5, 2017). 

10.17 
 
 Letter of Understanding, dated as of September 29, 2017, by and between Yum China Holdings, Inc. and Joey Wat (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 5, 2017). 

10.18 
 
 Yum China Holdings, Inc. Performance Share Unit Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 4, 2018). 

10.19 
 
 Term Employment Agreement, dated as of March 22, 2019, by and between Yum China Holdings, Inc. and Shella Ng (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 22, 2019). 

10.20 
 
 Employment Letter, effective September 16, 2019, by and between Yum China Holdings, Inc. and Andy Yeung (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 6, 2019). 

10.21 
 
 Yum China Holdings, Inc. Change in Control Severance Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 2, 2019). 

10.22 
 
 Confirmatory License Agreement, dated January 1, 2020, by and between by and between Yum Restaurants Consulting (Shanghai) Company Limited and YRI China Franchising LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 26, 2021). 

10.23 
 
 Form of Yum China Holdings, Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan Performance Share Units Agreement (Annual PSU Grants) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Yum China Holding, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 8, 2020). 

10.24 
 
 Form of Yum China Holdings, Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan Performance Share Units Agreement (Partner PSU Awards) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Yum China Holding, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 8, 2020). 

134 
 2022 10-K 

10.25 
 
 Form of Yum China Holdings, Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Units Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Yum China Holding, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 8, 2020). 

10.26 
 
 Form of Yum China Holdings, Inc. Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Yum China Holding, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 8, 2020). 

10.27 
 
 Yum China Holdings, Inc. Executive Severance Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2021). 

10.28 
 
 Senior Advisor Service Contract, dated July 15, 2021, by and between Yum China Holdings, Inc. and Christian L. Campbell (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Yum China Holding, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 8, 2021). 

10.29 
 
 Post-Termination Agreement, dated November 5, 2021, by and between Yum China Holdings, Inc. and Danny Tan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2021). 

10.30 
 
 Y L Coffee Limited Long Term Incentive Plan I (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 11, 2022). 

10.31 
 
 Form of Performance Share Agreement (for U.S. Tax Payers) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 11, 2022). 

10.32 
 
 Form of Performance Share Agreement (for Non-U.S. Tax Payers) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 11, 2022). 

10.33 
 
 Yum China Holdings, Inc. 2022 Long Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 12, 2022). 

10.34 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Master License Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2022, by and between YRI China Franchising LLC and Yum Restaurants Consulting (Shanghai) Company Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Yum China Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 6, 2022). 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Yum China Holdings, Inc. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

135 
 2022 10-K 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

Filed or furnished herewith. 
 
 Certain schedules and exhibits to this agreement have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedules and/or exhibits will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 
 Portions of this exhibit have been redacted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 	Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan. 
 
 Item 16.	Form 10-K Summary. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 136 
 2022 10-K 

SIGNAT URES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

YUM CHINA HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Joey Wat 

Joey Wat 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: March 1, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Joey Wat 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Joey Wat 
 
 (principal executive officer) 

/s/ Andy Yeung 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Andy Yeung 
 
 (principal financial officer) 

/s/ Xueling Lu 
 
 Controller 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Xueling Lu 
 
 (controller and principal accounting officer) 

/s/ Peter A. Bassi 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Peter A. Bassi 

/s/ Edouard Ettedgui 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Edouard Ettedgui 

/s/ Cyril Han 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Cyril Han 

/s/ Louis T. Hsieh 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Louis T. Hsieh 

/s/ Fred Hu 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Fred Hu 

/s/ Ruby Lu 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Ruby Lu 

/s/ Zili Shao 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Zili Shao 

/s/ William Wang 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

William Wang 

/s/ Min (Jenny) Zhang 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Min (Jenny) Zhang 

137 
 2022 10-K 

<EX-21>
 2
 yumc-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Yum China Holdings, Inc. 

Entity Name 
 
 Jurisdiction of Organization 

Agilink Global (HK) Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 

Atto Primo (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Bai Sheng International Management Consulting (Sanya) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Bai Sheng Restaurants (Tibet) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Bai Sheng Restaurants China Holdings Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 

Baisheng (Jinan) Catering Management Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Baisheng Restaurants (Anhui) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Baisheng Restaurants (Lhasa) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Baisheng Restaurants (Sanya) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Beijing Daojia Times Catering Management Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Beijing Fashion Family Network Technology Co, Ltd. 
 
 China 

BeiJing Huang Ji Huang Catering Management Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Beijing Huang Ji Huang Trading Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Beijing KFC Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Beijing Meng Qi Yan Duo Catering Service Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Beijing Pizza Hut Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Bi Sa Information Technology (Shanghai) Co.,Ltd. 
 
 China 

Bi Sheng Restaurants (Lhasa) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Changsha KFC Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

China Family Networks Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 

China Homerun Limited 
 
 Cayman Islands 

China XiaoFeiYang Catering Chain Co., Ltd. 
 
 British Virgin Islands 

Chongqing KFC Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Chuan Sheng Supply Chain Management (Chengdu) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Chuan Sheng Supply Chain Management (Hefei) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Chuan Sheng Supply Chain Management (Huaian) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Chuan Sheng Supply Chain Management (Nanchang) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Chuan Sheng Supply Chain Management (Nanning) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Chuan Sheng Supply Chain Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Chuan Sheng Supply Chain Management (Shenyang) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Chuan Sheng Supply Chain Management (Xi'an) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Chuan Sheng Supply Chain Management (Zhangjiagang) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Chuang Yi Sheng E-Commerce (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

COFFii JOY Hong Kong Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 

Dalian KFC Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Dongguan KFC Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

East Dawning (Shanghai) Management Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Hangzhou KFC Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Harvest Catering Limited 
 
 British Virgin Islands 

Huang Ji Huang Group (Hong Kong) Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 

Huansheng Advertising (Shanghai) Company Limited 
 
 China 

Huansheng Consulting (Wuhan) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Huansheng E-Commerce (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Huansheng Information Technic (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Huansheng Information Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Inner Mongolia Little Sheep Catering Chain Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Inner Mongolia Little Sheep Seasoning Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Ken Ding Xing Information Technology (Shanghai) Co.,Ltd. 
 
 China 

Kentucky Fried Chicken Global B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

Kunming KFC Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Lanzhou KFC Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Little Sheep Group Limited 
 
 Cayman Islands 

Little Sheep Hong Kong Holdings Company Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 

Nanchang KFC Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Nanjing KFC Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Nanning KFC Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Qingdao KFC Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Royal Dynasty International Development Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 

Sanya Luobidong Hotel Management Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Shanghai Changning Little Sheep Catering Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Shanghai Huang Ji Huang Yichou Restaurant 
 
 China 

Shanghai KFC Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Shanghai Le Yue Coffee Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Shanghai Pizza Hut Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Shanghai Sherpa's Commercial Development Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Shanghai You Song Jia Information and Technology Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Shantou KFC Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Shengdoushi (Shanghai) Science and Technology Development Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Shishengda Information Technic (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Shu Sheng (Nanjing) Information Technology Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Shu Sheng (Shanghai) Science and Technology Development Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Simmer Pot Holding Company Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 

Sunrise Investments Co., Ltd. 
 
 British Virgin Islands 

Suzhou Desheng Catering Management Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Suzhou KFC Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Suzhou Zhi Sheng Information Technology Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Taiyuan KFC Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Tianjin KFC Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

United Group Development Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 

Wandle Investments Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 

Wuxi KFC Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Xiamen KFC Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Xinjiang KFC Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Y L Coffee Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 

Yi Bai Coffee (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Yinchuan Huang Ji Huang Jisi Restaurant 
 
 China 

YRI Hong Kong I Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 

YRI Hong Kong II Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 

Yum China E-Commerce Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 

Yum! (Shanghai) Food Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Yum! Asia Holdings Pte. Ltd. 
 
 Singapore 

Yum! Franchise China Trust I S. r.l. 
 
 Luxembourg 

Yum! Global Investments I B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

Yum! Global Investments II B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

Yum! Global Investments III LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Yum! Restaurants (Chengdu) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Yum! Restaurants (China) Investment Company Limited 
 
 China 

Yum! Restaurants (Fuzhou) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Yum! Restaurants (Guangdong) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Yum! Restaurants (Shenyang) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Yum! Restaurants (Shenzhen) Co. Ltd. 
 
 China 

Yum! Restaurants (Wuhan) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Yum! Restaurants (Xi an) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Yum! Restaurants Consulting (Shanghai) Company Limited 
 
 China 

Yum! Restaurants International S. r.l. 
 
 Luxembourg 

Zhengzhou KFC Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 yumc-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement (No. 333-214053 and No. 333-268088) on Form S-8 and the registration statements (No. 333-248449 and No. 333-253722) on Form S-3 of our report dated March 1, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Yum China Holdings, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ KPMG Huazhen LLP 
 Shanghai, China 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 4
 yumc-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Joey Wat, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Yum China Holdings, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.	 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 /s/ Joey Wat 

Joey Wat 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 5
 yumc-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Andy Yeung, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Yum China Holdings, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant, as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.	 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 /s/ Andy Yeung 

Andy Yeung 

Chief Financial Officer 

1 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID ACTIVE 229365115 ACTIVE 229365115 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 yumc-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Yum China Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Annual Report ), I, Joey Wat, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 1. The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 /s/ Joey Wat 

Joey Wat 

Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Yum China Holdings, Inc. and will be retained by Yum China Holdings, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 7
 yumc-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Yum China Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Annual Report ), I, Andy Yeung, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 1. The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 /s/ Andy Yeung 

Andy Yeung 

Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Yum China Holdings, Inc. and will be retained by Yum China Holdings, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 yumc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 yumc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 yumc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 yumc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 yumc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

