<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1841330_0001213900-23-024755.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7597123</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>495665</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1399598</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2166594</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1723757</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1589568</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024755.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330172212
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024755
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Pasithea Therapeutics Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001841330
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				851591963
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40804
		FILM NUMBER:		23781849

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2110 NARCISSUS CT
		CITY:			VENICE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90291
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8184226172

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2110 NARCISSUS CT
		CITY:			VENICE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90291

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024755.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_pasitheathera.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from __________________________
to __________________________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Capital Market Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share KTTAW The Nasdaq Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 
No 

The aggregate market value of the common stock,
par value 0.0001 per share Common Stock ), held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the
registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter (June 30, 2022) was million. 

The registrant had shares of Common Stock outstanding as
of March 30, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

PASITHEA THERAPEUTICS CORP. 

2022 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART
 I 

ITEM
 1. BUSINESS 
 
 1 

ITEM
 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 27 

ITEM
 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 49 

ITEM
 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 49 

ITEM
 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 49 

ITEM
 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 49 

PART
 II 

ITEM
 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 50 

ITEM
 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 50 

ITEM
 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 50 

ITEM
 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 56 

ITEM
 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 56 

ITEM
 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 56 

ITEM
 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 56 

ITEM
 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 57 

ITEM
 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 57 

PART
 III 

ITEM
 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 58 

ITEM
 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 64 

ITEM
 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 71 

ITEM
 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 74 

ITEM
 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 75 

PART
 IV 

ITEM
 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 77 

ITEM
 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 78 

SIGNATURES 
 
 79 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This annual report contains
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,. These statements are generally identified by the use of such words as may, could, 
 should, would, believe, anticipate, forecast, estimate, 
 expect, intend, plan, continue, outlook, will, potential 
and similar statements of a future or forward-looking nature. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of filing this
annual report with the SEC and include, without limitation, statements about the following: 

our lack of operating history; 

the expectation that we will incur significant operating losses for the foreseeable future and will need significant additional capital; 

the period over which we estimate our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund our future operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements; 

our estimates regarding expenses, future revenue, capital requirements and needs for additional financing; 

our plans to develop and commercialize our product candidates; 

the timing of our IND submission for PAS-004; 

the timing of our planned clinical trials for PAS-004; 

the ability of our clinical trials to demonstrate safety and efficacy of our future product candidates, and other positive results; 

disruptions to the development of our product candidates due to the continued spread of COVID-19 and the resulting global pandemic; 

the timing and focus of our future preclinical studies and clinical trials, and the reporting of data from those studies and trials; 

the size of the market opportunity for our future product candidates, including our estimates of the number of patients who suffer from the diseases we are targeting; 

the success of competing therapies that are or may become available; 

the beneficial characteristics, safety, efficacy and therapeutic effects of our future product candidates; 

our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of our future product candidates; 

our plans relating to the further development of our future product candidates, including additional disease states or indications we may pursue; 

existing regulations and regulatory developments in the United States and other jurisdictions; 

our dependence on third parties; 

the need to hire additional personnel and our ability to attract and retain such personnel; 

our plans and ability to obtain or protect intellectual property rights, including extensions of patent terms where available and our ability to avoid infringing the intellectual property rights of others; 

our
financial performance and sustaining an active trading market for our Common Stock and Warrants; and 

our
ability to restructure our operations to comply with any potential future changes in government regulation. 

Because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks
and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified and some of which are beyond our control, you should not rely on these
forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may
not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. You should
refer to the Risk Factors section of this annual report for a discussion of important factors that may cause our actual
results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. We operate in an evolving environment
and new risk factors and uncertainties may emerge from time to time. It is not possible for management to predict all risk factors and
uncertainties. As a result of these factors, we cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements in this annual report will prove
to be accurate. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained
herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise. You should review the factors and
risks and other information we describe in the reports we will file from time to time with the SEC. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

We are a biotechnology company
primarily focused on the discovery, research and development of innovative treatments for Central Nervous System CNS disorders
and RASopathies. We are leveraging our expertise in the fields of neuroscience, translational medicine, and drug development to advance
new molecular entities that target the pathophysiology underlying such diseases, with the goal of bringing life-changing therapies to
patients. 

We have two business segments,
 Therapeutics and Clinics. Our Therapeutics segment performs activities related to discovery, research and
development of innovative treatments for CNS disorders and other diseases. Our Clinics segment provided business support services to anti-depression
clinics in the U.K. and in the United States. Its operations in the U.K. involved providing business support services to registered healthcare
providers who assess patients and, if appropriate, administer intravenous infusions of ketamine. Its operations in the United States involved
providing business support services to entities that furnish similar services to patients who personally pay for those services. Operations
took place in New York, NY and Los Angeles, CA in the United States, and throughout the U.K. through partnerships with healthcare providers,
including Nadelson Medical PLLC and Zen Healthcare. We did not provide professional medical services, psychiatric assessments,
or administration of intravenous infusions of ketamine as part of our Clinics segment. 

Prior to the date of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have discontinued our at-home services in New York, NY as well as our services in the U.K. In addition,
we have discontinued our clinical operations in Los Angeles, CA and are actively exploring options for the disposal of related property.
Accordingly, as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have discontinued the operations of our Clinics segment. 

Our Therapeutic Pipeline 

Our therapeutic pipeline currently
consists of four programs. Our lead product candidate, PAS-004, is a next-generation macrocyclic (as defined below) mitogen-activated
protein kinase, or MEK inhibitor, that we believe may address the limitations and liabilities associated with existing drugs with a similar
mechanism of action. Our remaining three programs are in the discovery stage and are based on novel targets that we believe address limitations
in the treatment paradigm of the indications we plan to address, which are currently amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ALS ),
multiple sclerosis MS and schizophrenia. 

1 

Our Lead Program: PAS-004 

Our lead therapeutic product
candidate, PAS-004 (formerly known as CIP-137401 ), is a next-generation MEK 1 and 2 MEK 1/2 inhibitor designed
to be macrocyclic for potential use in the treatment of a range of RASopathies, including neurofibromatosis type 1 NF1 and Noonan syndrome, as well as lamin A/C LMNA cardiomyopathy and a number of oncology indications. We acquired PAS-004
in connection with our acquisition of AlloMek Therapeutics, LLC AlloMek ), a privately held biotechnology company, in October
2022. 

PAS-004 is a small molecule allosteric inhibitor of MEK 1/2. MEK 1/2
are two of several protein kinases involved in a signaling cascade, known as the mitogen-activated protein kinase, or MAPK pathway.
The MAPK pathway is an important pathway in cellular biology which has been a frequent target for drug discovery efforts. The MAPK pathway
has been implicated in a variety of diseases, as it functions to drive cell proliferation, differentiation, survival and a variety of
other cellular functions that, when abnormally activated, are critical for the formation and progression of tumors, fibrosis and other
diseases. MEK inhibitors block phosphorylation (activation) of extracellular signal-regulated kinases ERK ). Blocking the
phosphorylation of ERK can lead to cell death and inhibition of tumor growth. 

PAS-004 has been tested in
a range of mouse models of various diseases and has completed preclinical testing and animal toxicology studies to support an Investigational
New Drug application (an IND with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ). Additionally, PAS-004 has
received orphan-drug designation from the FDA for the treatment of NF1. 

Existing FDA approved MEK inhibitors are marketed for a range of diseases,
including certain cancers and NF1. We believe these MEK inhibitors suffer from certain limitations, including known toxicities. Unlike
current FDA approved MEK inhibitors, PAS-004 is macrocyclic, which we believe may lead to improved pharmacokinetics, tolerability and
potency. Macrocycles are large cyclic molecules that can bring increased potency, metabolic stability, and oral bioavailability. Cyclization
also offers rigidity for stronger binding with drug target receptors. PAS-004 was designed to provide a longer half-life with what we
believe is a better therapeutic window. Further, we believe the potency and safety profile that PAS-004 has demonstrated in preclinical
studies may also lead to stronger and more durable response rates and efficacy, as well as better dosing schedules, which may not require
the fasting or dietary restrictions of approved MEK inhibitors. However, the ultimate efficacy of PAS-004 cannot be known at this time
and until all required clinical testing has been completed. 

We plan to submit an IND to the FDA for PAS-004 in the third quarter
of 2023, following completion of the ongoing good manufacturing practice GMP manufacturing of PAS-004 and finalization
of our toxicology program. We plan to initially focus our clinical efforts on NF1, potentially followed by Noonan syndrome or other RASopathies,
rare diseases with significant unmet clinical needs. Assuming our IND for PAS-004 is accepted by the FDA, we anticipate initiating our
first-in-human Phase 1 clinical trial in healthy volunteers as early as possible after our IND is accepted. 

Our Discovery Programs 

In addition to PAS-004, we
are developing our pipeline of discovery programs focused on novel targets for the treatment of CNS disorders that have clear unmet medical
needs. Each of our discovery programs is summarized below. 

PAS-003 

Our
PAS-003 program aims to develop a proprietary humanized monoclonal antibody mAb with a mechanism-of-action targeting a 5 b 1
integrin for the treatment of ALS and other neuroinflammatory disorders, such as MS and possibly stroke. We believe targeting a 5 b 1
integrin may have a beneficial impact on disease due to modulation of multiple cell types and mechanisms involved in neuroinflammation,
which occurs in ALS. We acquired PAS-003 in connection with our acquisition of Alpha-5 integrin, LLC, a privately held biotechnology company,
in June 2022. 

PAS-002 

Our PAS-002 discovery program aims to develop a proprietary engineered
deoxyribonucleic acid DNA plasmid tolerizing vaccine targeting GlialCAM (a glial cell adhesion molecule implicated in
neurological disease), for the treatment of MS. A published study in Nature in 2022 has shown that GlialCAM, a CNS protein
found in the brain s white matter, is attacked in MS. A component of GlialCAM mimics a component of Epstein-Barr virus EBV nuclear antigen 1 EBNA-1 ), which has been shown to likely play a critical role in triggering MS. 

2 

PAS-001 

Our PAS-001 discovery program
aims to develop a brain penetrant small molecule targeting the complement component 4A C4A for the treatment of schizophrenia.
Recent findings implicate C4A in synaptic loss (fewer connections between nerve cells), which has been shown to occur in schizophrenia.
In humans, greater expression of C4A in the brain is associated with an increased risk of schizophrenia. 

Our Strategy 

Our mission is to develop
innovative therapies to address areas of high unmet medical need, initially in CNS disorders and RASopathies. To achieve our mission,
we are executing a near-term strategy with the following key elements: 

Initiate clinical development of PAS-004 for the treatment of NF1 . We plan to file an IND with the FDA to study PAS-004 for the treatment of NF1 by the second half of 2023 following completion of GMP manufacturing of PAS-004 and finalization of our toxicology program. Assuming our IND is accepted by the FDA, we anticipate initiating our first-in-human Phase 1 clinical trial in healthy volunteers, as soon as possible after the acceptance of our IND. Assuming we achieve positive safety data in the Phase 1 study, we plan to initiate a Phase 2 proof-of-concept clinical trial in NF1 patients as early as the second half of 2024. 

Advance PAS-004 into clinical development for Noonan Syndrome or other RASopathies. Based on results from preclinical studies, we believe that PAS-004 may have potential for the treatment of Noonan Syndrome. Following development of PAS-004 for NF1, we may pursue PAS-004 for the treatment of Noonan Syndrome or other RASopathies. As such, we will need to continue testing PAS-004 in relevant preclinical models, develop a formulation of PAS-004 that may be suitable for dosing in infants and the pediatric patient population, and perform additional IND-enabling fetal toxicology studies in non-human primates. We believe we may be eligible for a FDA priority review voucher PRV for PAS-004 for the treatment of Noonan Syndrome, for which there are currently no FDA approved therapeutics, although somatropin is approved to address the short stature associated with Noonan Syndrome. No assurances can be given that we will receive a PRV for PAS-004. 

Expand utility of PAS-004 for other indications. Based on results from preclinical studies,
we believe that PAS-004 may have potential for the treatment of other diseases, such as LMNA cardiomyopathy and some cancers. We plan
to test PAS-004 in various preclinical models to further demonstrate the potential utility of PAS-004 in additional indications. 

Progress our discovery pipeline to lead candidate selection. We currently plan to continue
preclinical development of our discovery programs through lead candidate selection. 

Maximize the potential of our product candidates with selective use of business development and
commercial collaborations. Given our limited resources, following lead candidate selection for each of our discovery programs,
we plan to seek business development, non-dilutive funding and collaborative opportunities for continued preclinical and clinical development
of our discovery product candidates in order to maximize potential value of each of our discovery programs. We plan to continue evaluating
opportunities to work with partners that meaningfully enhance our capabilities with respect to the development and commercialization of
our product candidates, which may entail the potential out-licensing of the development and commercialization of our product candidates
to larger pharmaceutical organizations, including our lead product candidate PAS-004. Additionally, we plan to establish research collaborations
for the continued preclinical and clinical development of our discovery programs. Further, we intend to commercialize our product candidates
in key markets either alone or with partners in order to maximize the worldwide commercial potential of our programs. 

3 

Overview of Our Lead Program: PAS-004 

MAPK Pathway Overview 

Signaling pathways describe
a series of biological mechanisms in which a group of molecules work together to control a cell function. A cell receives signals from
its environment when a molecule binds to a specific receptor on or in the cell. This process may be repeated multiple times through the
entire signaling pathway until the last receptor is activated and the cell function is carried out. Abnormal activation of signaling pathways
may lead to diseases. 

The MAPK pathway,
which relies upon the Ras/Raf/MEK/ERK signaling cascade, represents a central biological pathway in all human cells that is
responsible for regulating cellular transcription, proliferation and survival. The general structure of the pathway consists of Ras,
a small GTPase, and three downstream protein kinases, Raf, MEK and ERK. ERK 1 and 2 ERK 1/2 are structurally similar
protein-serine/threonine kinases that regulate a variety of cellular processes including adhesion, migration, survival,
differentiation, metabolism, proliferation, transcription, cytoskeletal remodeling and cell cycle progression. MEK 1/2 catalyzes the
phosphorylation of ERK 1/2, which is required for enzyme activation. Phosphorylated ERK 1/2 moves to the nucleus, and in turn
activates many transcription factors, regulates gene expression, and controls various physiological processes, finally inducing cell
repair or cell death. 

In addition, at the level
of Ras, the pathway is negatively regulated by several proteins, including neurofibromin, the protein encoded by the NF1 gene.
Given its direct regulation of ERK, which directly controls downstream signaling through the MAPK pathway, MEK occupies a pivotal
position in this signaling cascade and represents a rational small-molecule therapeutic target for multiple diseases, including RASopathies
(such as NF1), CNS indications (such as ALS), cardiomyopathies (such as LMNA cardiomyopathy) and oncology indications, where overactivation
of the MAPK pathway contributes to disease onset and/or progression. 

Background of MEK Inhibitors 

MAPK represents one of the most highly targeted signaling pathways
in drug development. Several allosteric inhibitors of MEK 1/2 are currently in clinical development. Four of them are approved by the
FDA for various oncological indications, with only one approved for NF1. These MEK inhibitors are selective towards MEK 1/2, as they bind
to non-ATP-competitive allosteric sites. We believe a limitation of current FDA approved MEK inhibitors are their high rates of serious
drug-related adverse events, reported to occur in many treated patients, which may result in drug intolerability. These MEK inhibitors
often require increased dosing frequency, which contributes to high rates of adverse events, because the drugs systemically circulate
for an extended period of time destroying healthy normal cells, which also rely on the pathway for survival. 

Our rationale in developing
PAS-004 is to address these shortcomings to potentially provide patients with better outcomes and improved safety. 

RASopathies Overview 

RASopathies are a clinically
defined group of genetic syndromes caused by germline mutations in genes that encode components or regulators of the MAPK pathway. These
disorders include neurofibromatosis type 1, Noonan syndrome, capillary malformation arteriovenous malformation syndrome, Costello
syndrome, cardio-facio-cutaneous syndrome, and Legius syndrome. Because of the common underlying MAPK pathway dysregulation amongst all
of these syndromes, RASopathies exhibit numerous overlapping phenotypic features, including CNS abnormalities. The MAPK pathway plays
an essential role in regulating various cell cycle functions, which are critical to normal human development. MAPK pathway dysregulation
has profound deleterious effects on both embryonic and later stages of development, which may cause many of the RASopathies. Therefore,
we believe there is a strong scientific rationale for targeting the MAPK pathway with small-molecule therapeutics to treat various RASopathies. 

4 

Neurofibramtosis-1 (NF-1) Overview 

The initial indication we
plan to pursue for PAS-004 is the treatment of NF1. NF1 is a RASopathy and part of a group of conditions known as neurocutaneous disorders,
conditions that affect the skin and the CNS. NF1 is one of the most common inherited neurological disorders, affecting both children and
adults. NF1 affects approximately one in 3,000 newborns throughout the world, with approximately 100,000 patients living in U.S. with
NF1. NF1 arises from mutations in the NF1 gene, which encodes for neurofibromin, a key negative regulator of the MAPK pathway. 

NF1 is characterized by multiple
caf au lait (light brown) skin spots and neurofibromas (small benign growths) on or under the skin, and/or freckling in the armpits
or groin. Individuals with NF1 may have other manifestations of the disorder, including cardiac malformations, cardiovascular disease,
vasculopathy, hypertension, vitamin D deficiency, brain malformations, and seizures. About 50 of people with NF1 also have learning disabilities.
Softening and curving of bones, and curvature of the spine (scoliosis) may occur in some patients with NF1. Occasionally, tumors
may develop in the brain, on cranial nerves, or on the spinal cord. NF1 is usually diagnosed during childhood. Throughout their lifetime,
about 30 to 50 of NF1 patients progress to develop plexiform neurofibromas PN ), which are tumors that grow in an infiltrative
pattern along the peripheral nerve sheath and can cause severe disfigurement, pain and functional impairment. In some cases NF1-PN may
be fatal. NF1-PN are most often diagnosed within the first twenty years of life. These tumors are characterized by aggressive growth,
which is typically more rapid during childhood. While NF1-PN are initially benign, these tumors can undergo malignant transformation,
leading to malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumors MPNST ). NF1 patients have an 8 to 15 lifetime risk of developing
MPNST, a diagnosis that carries a 12-month survival rate of under 50 . In addition to MPNST, NF1 patients are at an increased risk of
developing other malignancies, including breast cancer and gliomas. 

Most patients with NF1-PN
are treated with surgical removal of the tumors. However, because NF1-PN arise from nerve cells and grow in an infiltrative pattern, it
is challenging to successfully resect tumors without severe comorbidities, such as permanent nerve damage and disfigurement. Patients
that are ineligible for surgery or those who have had a recurrence post-surgery are often treated with a variety of off-label therapies.
Among these off-label therapies are various systemic treatments, such as chemotherapy and immunotherapy, which have not been shown to
consistently confer a clinical benefit. Given that NF1-PN is driven by dysregulation in the MAPK pathway, MEK inhibitors have emerged
as a class of therapies that may hold significant promise for the treatment of NF1. 

Limitations of Current Standard of Care 

Koselugo (selumetinib), a MEK inhibitor, was approved by the FDA in
2020 for NF1 pediatric patients two years of age and older who have symptomatic, inoperable plexiform neurofibromas. Koselugo is the only
FDA approved drug for the treatment of NF1. Koselugo is also being evaluated in an ongoing Phase 3 clinical trial for the treatment of
adult patients with NF1 who have symptomatic, inoperable PN. In addition to Koselugo, we are aware of several other MEK inhibitors
in clinical trials for this indication, as well as the off-label use of other drugs, such as bevacizumab, for the treatment of NF1. 

We believe that Koselugo and
other earlier generation MEK inhibitors approved for indications other than NFI suffer from limitations, such as an onerous dosing schedule,
which requires dosing twice a day on an empty stomach, at least one hour before or two hours after a meal. We believe that this creates
a significant market opportunity for a next-generation MEK inhibitor that addresses these shortcomings, has a pharmacokinetic and tolerability
profile suitable for long-term dosing and that can arrest or reverse tumor growth. 

Noonan Syndrome Overview 

The second indication for which we may pursue for PAS-004 is for the
treatment of Noonan Syndrome. Noonan Syndrome is a genetic disorder that may be caused by variants in one of several MAPK pathway
genes. It affects approximately one in 1,000 to 2,500 newborns. Noonan Syndrome is characterized by distinctive craniofacial features,
including a broad forehead, hypertelorism, down-slanting palpebral fissures, and low-set, posteriorly rotated ears. Other features include
congenital cardiac defects, reduced growth, bleeding disorders, and a variable degree of neurocognitive delay. Several genes have been
shown to be associated with Noonan Syndrome and all these genes encode various components of or proteins associated with the MAPK pathway.
Patients with Noonan Syndrome have an increased risk of developing cardiomyopathies as well as several cancers that affect the blood (leukemia),
nervous system (neuroblastoma), brain (glioma), muscle (rhabdomyosarcoma), and bones. Patients with Noonan syndrome diagnosed in early
childhood with severe hypertrophic cardiomyopathy have an increased mortality risk. Case reports of off label use of MEK inhibitors have
shown the potential for prompt clinical improvement and subsequent amelioration of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy as assessed by ultrasound. 

5 

Limitations of Current
Standard of Care 

Noonan Syndrome can be diagnosed
based on a patient s medical history and diagnostic tests. There is no approved single treatment for Noonan Syndrome, however management
of Noonan syndrome is targeted toward symptomatic improvement and supportive care depending on type and severity. Treatments typically
begin around four or five years of age and continue until the child stops growing. There has been evidence of off label use of MEK inhibitors
to delay time to a heart transplant in infants diagnosed with Noonan Syndrome. 

Preclinical Profile and Mechanism of Action
of PAS-004 

PAS-004 is a next-generation
MEK inhibitor that was rationally designed to have a macrocyclic structure by taking into consideration the metabolic liabilities of earlier
generation MEK inhibitors. The structure of PAS-004 is distinct from other earlier generation MEK inhibitors as
it maintains critical protein/ligand contacts through sulfonamide and iodophenyl but does not possess a primary alcohol or hydroxamate
functionality, a known metabolic liability in earlier generation MEK inhibitors. It is generally observed that macrocyclic scaffolds improve
drug-like properties including target binding, selectivity, and oral bioavailability. 

PAS-004 has displayed promising pharmacokinetic properties in IND-enabling
toxicology studies of both rats and dogs. In these toxicology studies, PAS-004 has demonstrated a half-life of 11.5 hours in rats and
52 hours in dogs. We believe PAS-004 s half-life allows durable suppression of ERK phosphorylation, critical for clinical responses.
Further, in these toxicology studies PAS-004 displayed a low peak/trough ratio, which might minimize potential related toxicities. 

Preclinical Studies Overview 

In vitro Preclinical Studies of PAS-004 

In an unpublished preclinical
study, the effects of PAS-004 were assessed in the in vivo Colo-205 xenograft tumor model, a common mouse model used for preclinical
therapies. Results showed that PAS-004 dosed at 5mg/kg once daily reduced tumor volume. The magnitude of tumor volume reduction was similar
to selumetinib dosed at 25mg/kg, twice daily, as published in Molecular Cancer Therapeutics in 2007. 

In an unpublished preclinical
study, the effects of PAS-004 were compared to selumetinib in human wild type and NF1 deficient Schwann cells, the tumorigenic cell of
origin for NF1 plexiform neurofibromas. Preliminary results showed that PAS-004 had minimal activity against wild type cells, however,
dose-dependent inhibitory activity against proliferation in NF1 deficient cells was observed. 

Additionally, PAS-004 was
compared to selumetinib in an in vitro potency assay. Western blots from this unpublished preclinical study showed that cells treated
with PAS-004 demonstrated greater reduction in ERK 1/2 phosphorylation as compared to cells treated with selumetinib. 

We believe these in vitro 
preclinical results support PAS-004 s favorable pharmacokinetic profile, potency and dose-dependent inhibitory activity against
cellular proliferation in NF1 deficient Schwann cells and appears similar to selumetinib, an FDA approved MEK inhibitor. 

In vivo Preclinical Studies 

In an unpublished preclinical
pilot study, PAS-004 was tested for tolerability and preliminary biological efficacy in a genetically engineered mouse model of NF1 plexiform neurofibromas.
These mice were engineered to develop plexiform neurofibromas that closely phenocopy the human tumors by four months of age with
100 penetrance. In this pilot study, selumetinib was administered in a parallel group, which served as a positive control. Both PAS-004
and selumetinib were administered as single-agents to six mice per group. PAS-004 was administered at 10mg/kg once daily and selumetinib
was administered at the established maximum tolerated dose of 10mg/kg, twice daily. Treatment began when the mice reached four months
of age and was continued for 12 weeks or until death. Mice were monitored for signs of toxicity, as well as survival. Results demonstrated
that both PAS-004 and selumetinib showed similar toxicity profiles and both PAS-004 (p=0.0123) and selumetinib (p=0.0048) significantly
reduced the tumor size compared to vehicle-treated mice based on statistical analysis using uncorrected Fisher s least significant
difference. 

6 

We believe the results from
this preclinical pilot study show that PAS-004 may be effective in reducing tumor burden of NF1-associated plexiform neurofibromas.
When administered at 10mg/kg once daily, PAS-004 and selumetinib, which was dosed at 10mg/kg twice daily, demonstrated similar results.
We believe that the longer half-life of PAS-004, as compared to selumetinib, could potentially enhance treatment with superior efficacy
by allowing better sustained MEK/ERK signaling inhibition, or allowing for greater intervals between dosing such as single daily dose
as compared to the required twice daily dosing for selumetinib. 

Mutations in the LMNA gene,
which encodes nuclear lamins A and C, cause diseases affecting various organs, including the heart. Studies have found that the ERK 1/2
kinase branches of the MAPK signaling pathway were abnormally hyperactivated prior to the onset of significant cardiac impairment. 

PAS-004 was studied in the
LMNA-cardiomyopathy Lmna H222P/H222P mouse model, a validated model of cardiomyopathy caused by LMNA mutations in humans. In
this study, male mice were orally administered placebo, or PAS-004 at 3 mg/kg/day or PAS-004 at 6 mg/kg/day starting at 14 weeks of age
when symptoms of cardiomyopathy were present. Results of this preclinical study were published in Bioorganic Medicinal Chemistry 
in 2017 and are summarized as follows: 

The effects of PAS-004 on phosphorylated ERK 1/2 were studied. Following
six weeks of systemic administration, both doses of PAS-004 led to significant decreases in phosphorylated ERK 1/2 relative to total ERK
1/2 in the heart and liver when compared to placebo, whereas only the 6 mg/kg/day group produced a significant decrease in phosphorylated
ERK 1/2 relative to total ERK 1/2 in quadricep muscles. 

The effects of PAS-004 on echocardiographic parameters of the heart that correlate with left ventricular
function were studied. Following six weeks of systemic administration, both doses of PAS-004 resulted in significant increases in left
ventricular fractional shortening, the percentage the left ventricular diameter decreases with each contraction as compared to placebo. 

The effects of PAS-004 on cardiac fibrosis were studied. Following six weeks of systemic administration,
both doses of PAS-004 resulted in significant decreased fibrosis based on staining with Masson trichrome of fixed sections of left ventricles,
when compared to placebo. Results showed that treatment of PAS-004 lead to dose-dependent statistically significant decreases in fibrosis
as scored on a histologic scale of 0 to 4 by a pathologist blind to treatment group, when compared to placebo. 

The effects of PAS-004 on survival were studied. Mice followed until death or euthanasia. 23 mice treated
with placebo had a median survival of 202 days, whereas median survival was 225 days for 17 mice treated with 3 mg/kg/day of PAS-004 and
225 days for 15 mice treated with 6 mg/kg/day of PAS-004. Results showed the median survivals based on Kaplan-Meier plots of mice treated
with both doses of PAS-004 were statistically significantly (P 

A preliminary analysis of potential tissue toxicity of PAS-004 was performed. Following six weeks of systemic
administration, serum alkaline phosphatase activity, alanine aminotransferase activity and bilirubin concentration were measured to assess
possible hepatic injury and liver function. Serum creatinine and blood urea nitrogen concentrations were also measured as indicators of
renal function and serum amylase activity as a marker of pancreatic injury. Results showed that there were no statistically significant
differences in any of these parameters between groups. A histopathological evaluation by a pathologist blind to treatment determined there
were no consistent or specific abnormalities in liver, kidney or spleen of mice receiving either doses of PAS-004 and no alterations were
observed that typically occur with drug toxicity. 

7 

Toxicology Studies 

28-day toxicological studies
were performed in both rats and dogs under good laboratory practices GLP on PAS-004 by Wuxi AppTec (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.
We believe the results from these studies have demonstrated a sufficient safety and toxicology profile of PAS-004 to support our IND filing
with the FDA. We are conducting an additional 28-day toxicological study in male rats to further support our IND filing with the FDA. 

Overview of Our Discovery Programs 

PAS-003 Program 

Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Overview 

ALS, or Lou Gehrig s
disease, is a fatal, progressive motor neuron disease that targets nerve cells in the spinal cord and brain. ALS most commonly affects
people between the ages of 40 and 70, with an average age of 55 at the time of diagnosis. It affects as many as 30,000 patients in the
United States, with 5,000 new cases diagnosed each year. 

While approximately 10 of
cases are hereditary, which is known as familial ALS, the large majority of cases (90-95 are not, which is known as sporadic ALS. A
large majority of familial ALS cases are due to genetic mutations in the superoxide dismutase 1 SOD1 gene. While the pathogenesis
of ALS is not fully understood, studies have shown that the disease is multifactorial, with several interlinked mechanisms contributing
to neurodegeneration, including neuroinflammation, which has been shown to play an important role in neurodegeneration. 

ALS often begins with muscle
twitching and/or weakness in a limb, however, as the disease progresses, ALS affects control of the muscles needed to move, speak, eat
and breathe. As a result, ALS patients develop extensive muscle wasting and atrophy leading to paralysis. The life expectancy is
low, with patients living on average three to five years after symptom onset, and the patient s quality of life is typically poor. 

There are currently six FDA
approved medications to treat ALS and its symptoms. However, they have been shown to only modestly slow disease progression. Therefore,
despite these therapies, the medical need for new treatments for ALS patients is very high. 

Scientific Background and Rationale for Targeting
 a 5 b 1 integrin for the treatment of ALS 

Integrins are the principal
receptors used by animal cells to bind to the extracellular matrix as well as other cells. Integrins activate intracellular signaling
pathways and can cooperate with other conventional signaling receptors. Integrins are involved in a wide range of biological processes
including cell growth, migration, survival, and proliferation as well as cytokine activation and release. As a result, integrins play
a significant role in many physiological processes, including embryogenesis, organogenesis, and tissue development, but also in pathogenic
ones, including inflammation, infection, and allergic and neoplastic diseases. 

Integrins are composed by
two non-covalently linked alpha and beta subunits. a 5 b 1
integrin, also known as the fibronectin receptor, is a heterodimer consisting of a 5 and b 1
subunits. Integrins can be broadly grouped based on ligand specificity. In this classification, integrin a 5 b 1
falls under RGD-recognizing integrins and is known to bind fibronectin, osteopontin, fibrillin, thrombospondin, among others. a 5 b 1
integrin has been shown to play a role in cancer, angiogenesis and in a variety of neurological disorders. a 5 b 1
integrin is a validated drug target supported by the clinical development of anti- a 5 b 1
mAbs by several pharmaceutical companies, including PDL Biopharma, Inc. jointly with Biogen Inc., and Pfizer, Inc., for the treatment
of cancer indications. 

8 

In
a 2018 Nature Neuroscience publication, scientists at the Steinman Laboratory at Stanford University, headed by our Chairman, Prof. Lawrence
Steinman, used mass cytometry to identify an upregulation of CD49e a 5
integrin) on brain myeloid cells in the mutant SOD1-G93A mouse model of ALS and demonstrated that a 5 b 1
integrin is upregulated on microglia in the CNS as the disease progresses. Additional preclinical studies have shown that a 5
integrin is also elevated on macrophages in the periphery and suggest a role for mast cells which also express high level of a 5
integrin. 

In
collaboration with the Mayo Clinic, we have shown a 5 b 1
integrin positive endothelial cells are concentrated in post-mortem human brain motor neuron tracts but not in sensory regions
in ALS and that a 5 b 1
expression increases with disease progression in both mouse models of ALS and human ALS patients. Previous studies have shown that high
levels of a 5 b 1
integrin on the endothelium plays a role in angiogenesis while our results suggest a role in the blood brain barrier which regulates immune
cell trafficking. 

Together these findings indicate that
 a 5 b 1
expression increases with disease progression in mouse models of ALS and in human ALS patients and highlight the role of a 5
 b 1 integrin on four different
cell types involved in neuroinflammation in ALS: microglia, macrophages, mast cells and endothelial cells. We believe these findings suggest
that targeting a 5 b 1
integrin may provide a treatment for ALS. In this regard, initial results from the Steinman Laboratory and our own preclinical studies
have demonstrated that anti- a 5 b 1
treatment improved motor function and increased survival in SOD transgenic mice, the most phenotypically relevant preclinical model for
ALS. 

We
believe these preclinical results demonstrate that targeting a 5 b 1
integrin has the potential to be a powerful new therapy that could improve ALS outcomes. Our goal is to select a lead product candidate
for our PAS-003 discovery program in the second half of 2023 and seek partnerships and/or collaborators to continue development of the
program. 

PAS-002 

Multiple Sclerosis Overview 

MS is an auto-immune chronic
inflammatory demyelinating disease affecting the CNS. According to the National MS Society, there are more than 2.8 million people worldwide
with a diagnosis of MS. In the United States a recently completed prevalence study, funded by the National MS Society, estimated that
nearly one million people over the age of 18 live with a diagnosis of MS. 

Most people with MS have
a relapsing-remitting disease course. They experience periods of new symptoms or relapses that develop over days or weeks and usually
improve partially or completely. These relapses are followed by quiet periods of disease remission that can last months or even years.
Approximately two-thirds of those with relapsing-remitting MS can eventually develop a steady progression of symptoms, with
or without periods of remission, within 10 to 20 years from disease onset. This is known as secondary-progressive MS. Approximately
10 of people with MS experience a gradual onset and steady progression of signs and symptoms without any relapses, known as
primary-progressive MS. 

The exact cause of MS is unknown,
but changes in the peripheral immune system and intrinsic CNS immune cells (such as microglia) contribute to MS pathogenesis. Acute and
chronic inflammation as well as neurodegeneration occur throughout the disease course, with prominence of acute inflammation in the relapsing
phase of disease. Both innate and adaptive immune responses play a role in MS. The adaptive immune response includes CD8+ cytotoxic
T cells as well as CD4+ T cells, in particular Th1 cells, against myelin proteins. Furthermore, B cells also play a role by mean of antigen
presentation to T cells, antibody formation and production of proinflammatory cytokines. MS lesions (focal areas of myelin damage) ultimately
causes the symptoms of MS. 

Recent studies have proved that Epstein-Barr virus EBV ),
triggers MS by priming the immune system to attack the body s own nervous system. A 2022 study published in Science 
analyzed EBV antibodies in serum from 801 individuals who developed MS among a cohort of more than10 million people active in the U.S.
military over a 20-year period. This study showed that EBV infection was present in all but one case at the time of MS onset, and found
that of 35 people who were initially EBV-negative, all but one became infected with EBV before the onset of MS. This finding provides
compelling data implicating EBV as the trigger for the development of MS. 

9 

Scientific Background and Rationale for Targeting GLIALCAM for the
treatment of MS 

GlialCAM found in the brain s
white matter is attacked in MS. GlialCAM is a CNS protein that has a component that mimics a component of EBNA-1, which plays a critical
role in triggering MS. This study elucidated the molecular mimicry between EBNA-1 and GlialCAM, and GlialCAM s role in the pathogenesis
of MS. It also demonstrated that targeting the adaptive immune response to EBNA-1 and GlialCAM with approaches aimed at tolerization of
the autoimmune response and eradication of the EBV infection in the B lymphocyte lineage. These findings demonstrate a mechanistic link
between EBV infection and the pathobiology of MS and create new pathways for the clinical treatment of multiple sclerosis. 

In an initial preclinical
proof-of-concept study in a mouse model of relapsing-remitting experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis EAE ), the standard
animal model of MS, we showed that an engineered DNA tolerizing vaccine targeting GlialCAM reduced disease severity and incidence of relapse
when administered prophylactically in the EAE model. Based on these results, we are continuing to study engineered DNA plasmids in additional
proof-of-concept studies and plan to publish results when complete. 

In addition, we are investigating
different lipid nanoparticle delivery systems for delivery of the DNA plasmid. 

We believe these early results
in EAE models demonstrate that developing a DNA plasmid tolerizing vaccine targeting GlialCAM has the potential to reduce disease severity
and incidence in relapsing-remitting MS and possibly result in a long-term cure. Our goal is to develop the PAS-002 to lead candidate
selection and seek partnerships and/or collaborators to continue development of the program. 

PAS-001 

Schizophrenia Overview 

Schizophrenia is a chronic
and disabling psychiatric illness characterized by positive psychotic symptoms, such as delusions and hallucinations, negative symptoms,
such as social withdrawal and amotivation, and impairment in cognitive domains, including attention, working memory, verbal learning and
executive function. According to the World Health Organization WHO schizophrenia affects approximately 24 million people,
or one in 300 people worldwide. Schizophrenia has a low lifetime prevalence of about 1 , however the burden of the disease is substantial.
Schizophrenia is a leading cause of adult disease burden and has been ranked 12th in the top global causes of disability for the last
decade, leading to substantial healthcare and societal costs, with annual associated costs in the U.S. estimated to be more than 150
billion. 

Current pharmacological treatments
for schizophrenia all act on dopamine D2 receptors. Although they are effective in reducing positive symptoms, they have little effect
on both cognitive and negative symptoms. Furthermore, up to 30 of patients show only partial benefit with antipsychotics and have treatment
resistant schizophrenia. This highlights the need for new therapeutic strategies. 

Despite extensive research
the molecular etiology remains unknown. The current dopamine hypothesis postulates that excessive striatal dopamine transmission and reduced
frontal dopamine stimulation underlie the pathophysiology of positive and negative symptoms, respectively. However, converging lines of
genetic, epidemiological and clinical evidence indicate that inflammatory pathways are also altered in schizophrenia. More recently, a
leading hypothesis proposes that synaptic terminal loss is central to the pathophysiology of schizophrenia, leading to impaired cortical
function, and symptoms, including cognitive impairments. 

Scientific Background and Rationale for Targeting
C4A for the treatment of Schizophrenia 

The complement system is a
group of proteins found in blood plasma and on some cell surfaces. These proteins play an important role in protecting against infection
and removing dead cells and foreign material. In the brain, the complement system plays a crucial role in immune response and in synaptic
elimination during normal development and disease. There are nine major complement proteins, labeled C1 through C9. Complement protein
C4 is the only complement protein that has two different isotypes encoded by two different genes: C4A and C4B. 

10 

Microglia are phagocytes residing
in the CNS. Unlike other phagocytes, which primarily function in immunity, microglia are heavily involved in shaping and supporting brain
tissue. Microglia use immune molecules, such as complement proteins, to send signals to neurons and glia, and to survey their microenvironment
using dynamic processes. Microglia are key modulators of neuronal development. However, the full role they play in healthy brain
development and disease remain elusive. 

In studies, C4A has been shown
to mark synapses for phagocytosis by microglia. Further, the C4 gene has been linked to synaptic refinement and psychiatric disorders,
including schizophrenia. In humans, greater expression of C4A in the brain is associated with an increased risk of schizophrenia. 

The largest genome-wide association
study (GWAS) in schizophrenia in 2014 identified 128 independent associations spanning 108 conservatively defined loci that meet genome-wide
significance, including the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) locus on chromosome 6, which includes the C4 gene, thus furthering
the hypothesis of C4 as an important genetic risk factor in schizophrenia. These results established a link between complement-mediated
synaptic pruning and dendritic spine loss in the cortex of schizophrenic patients. 

Animal models of increased
C4 expression show reduced levels of synaptic proteins and increased phagocytosis of synaptic terminals by microglia. Moreover, preclinical
models show C4 overexpression leads to reduced neurotransmission in prefrontal cortical neurons, reduced social interaction and impaired
memory, which mimic similar abnormalities seen in schizophrenia patients. Finally, excessive microglial synapse elimination has been observed
in schizophrenia-derived in vitro models. Post-mortem brain analyses showed that C4 is expressed at significantly higher levels in people
with schizophrenia than controls. C4 levels in cerebro-spinal fluid CSF have shown to be elevated in patients with schizophrenia
relative to matched controls and correlates with CSF measurements of synapse density. C4 levels have also been found to be elevated in
plasma in schizophrenia, and higher levels predict poorer outcomes in first episode patients. 

Several other studies in scientific
journals, including a 1997 study from Psychiatry Research , a 2016 study from Nature and a 2012 study from Revista Brasileira
de Psiquiatria, have also reported increased complement gene expression, protein concentration, and overall activity in the serum or plasma
of schizophrenia cases compared to controls. Further, a 2020 study published in Brain, Behavior and Immunity , found that C4 was
overexpressed in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, parietal cortex, superior temporal gyrus and associative striatum of patients with
schizophrenia and that C4 expression was not altered in the peripheral tissues of schizophrenia patients. Further, the study found lifelong
C4 overexpression in the brain of schizophrenia patients. Taken together, this evidence has led to the hypothesis that schizophrenia is
a neuroimmune disorder mediated by alterations in pro- and anti-inflammatory processes in the CNS. 

We are currently developing
a brain-penetrant small molecule able to down regulate C4A, a novel neuroinflammatory pathway, for the systemic treatment of schizophrenia.
The initial development work and screening is currently being conducted by Evotec, utilizing Evotec s integrated research and development
expertise and state-of-the-art structure-based drug design techniques. Our goal is to continue screening and early development of PAS-001
and seek partnerships and/or collaborators to continue further preclinical development of the program. 

Recent Acquisitions 

Alpha-5 Integrin Therapeutics, LLC 

On June 21, 2022, we entered
into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the Alpha-5 Agreement with PD Joint Holdings, LLC Series 2016-A and Prof.
Lawrence Steinman (the Alpha-5 Sellers ), pursuant to which we purchased from the Alpha-5 Sellers all of the issued and outstanding
equity of Alpha-5 integrin, LLC, a Delaware limited liability Alpha-5 ). The Alpha-5 Sellers were the sole title and beneficial
owners of 100 of the equity interests of Alpha-5. In consideration of the equity of Alpha-5, the Alpha-5 Sellers received (i) an aggregate
of 3,260,870 shares (the Alpha-5 Shares of our Common Stock, (ii) warrants to purchase 1,000,000 shares of our Common Stock
at an exercise price of 1.88 per share (the Alpha-5 Warrants ), and (iii) contingent earn-out payments of an aggregate of
2 to 4 of net sales generated from the sale of a drug currently in development by Alpha-5. 

11 

Prof. Lawrence Steinman, one
of the Alpha-5 Sellers, is our Executive Chairman and Co-Founder of the Company, and as such is considered a related party. The terms
of the Alpha-5 Agreement were approved by (i) the disinterested members of the audit committee Audit Committee of our
board of directors (the Board and (ii) the disinterested members the Board, under the Company s related party transaction
policy. 

In connection with the Alpha-5
Agreement, each of the employees of Alpha-5 entered into employment agreements with the Company. 

AlloMek Therapeutics, LLC 

On
October 11, 2022, we entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated October 11, 2022 (the AlloMek Agreement ),
by and among the Company, AlloMek Therapeutics, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the AlloMek ), the persons listed
on Schedule 1.1 thereto (each individually a AlloMek Seller and collectively, Sellers ), and Uday Khire, not
individually but in his capacity as the representative of Sellers (the AlloMek Representative ), pursuant to which we purchased
all of the issued and outstanding equity of AlloMek. The AlloMek Sellers were the sole title and beneficial owners of 100 of the equity
interests of AlloMek. In consideration of the sale of the equity of AlloMek, the AlloMek Sellers received (i) an aggregate of 2,700,000
shares of our Common Stock, (ii) warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,000,000 shares of our Common Stock (the AlloMek Warrants at an exercise price of 1.88 per share, which may be exercised on a cashless basis, for a period of five years commencing on the date
of issuance, (iii) a cash payment in the amount of 1.05 million, (iv) the right to certain milestone payments in an amount up to 5.0
million, and (v) the right to contingent earn-out payments ranging from 3 to 5 of net sales of the Drug (as defined in the AlloMek Agreement)
depending on the amount of such net sales in the applicable measurement period. 

12 

Competition 

The biotechnology and pharmaceutical
industries are characterized by rapidly evolving technologies, intense competition, and an emphasis on proprietary product candidates.
While we believe that our technology, development experience and scientific knowledge provide us with competitive advantages, we face
potential competition from many different sources, including major pharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical, and biotechnology companies,
academic institutions, governmental agencies and public and private research institutions. Any product candidates that we successfully
develop and commercialize will compete with existing therapies and new therapies that may become available in the future. 

Many of our competitors may
have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting
clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals, and marketing approved products than we do. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical
and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. These competitors
also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and
patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. Smaller
or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and
established companies. Moreover, potential competitors have or may have patents or other rights
that conflict with patents covering our technologies. 

The key competitive factors
affecting the success of all our product candidates, if approved, are likely to be their efficacy, safety, side effects, convenience,
price, the level of generic competition, and the availability of reimbursement from government and other third-party payors. 

Our commercial opportunity
could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less
severe side effects, are more convenient, or are less expensive than any product candidates that we may develop. Our competitors also
may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in
our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. In addition, our ability to compete may
be affected in many cases by insurers or other third-party payors seeking to encourage the use of generic products. 

PAS-004 

Companies
with FDA approved MEK inhibitors include: GSK plc, which received FDA approval for Mekinist (trametinib), which was subsequently
sold to Novartis AG; Pfizer Inc., which received FDA approval for Mektovi (binimetinib); Genentech, Inc., a member of the Roche
Company, which received FDA approval for Cotellic (cobimetinib); and AstraZeneca and Merck Co., Inc., which received FDA
approval for Koselugo (selumetinib). There are other MEK inhibitors in various stages of
clinical trials for multiple indications, including various cancers and NF1. Additionally, there are other FDA
approved small molecule therapeutics that target the MAPK signaling pathway. 

13 

Intellectual Property 

Our ability to obtain, maintain
and enforce intellectual property protection for our products candidates, formulations, processes, methods and any other proprietary technologies,
preserve our trade secrets, and operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of other parties, both in the United States and in
other countries is fundamental to the long-term success of our business. Our policy is to actively seek to obtain, where appropriate,
the broadest intellectual property protection possible for our current product candidates and any future product candidates, proprietary
information and proprietary technology through a combination contractual arrangements and patents, both in the United States and abroad.
However, patent protection may not afford us with complete protection against competitors who seek to circumvent our patents. 

We also depend upon the skills,
knowledge, experience and know-how of our management and research and development personnel, as well as that of our advisors, consultants
and other contractors. To help protect our proprietary know-how, which is not patentable, and for inventions for which patents may be
difficult to enforce, we currently rely and will in the future rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect
our interests. To this end, we require all of our employees, consultants, advisors and other contractors to enter into confidentiality
agreements that prohibit the disclosure of confidential information and, where applicable, require invention assignment agreements to
us of the ideas, developments, discoveries and inventions important to our business. 

We generally control access
to our proprietary and confidential information through the use of internal controls that are subject to periodic review. Although we
take steps to protect our proprietary information and trade secrets, third parties may independently develop substantially equivalent
proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or disclose our technology. As a result, we may not
be able to meaningfully protect our trade secrets. For further discussion of the risks relating to intellectual property, see the section
titled Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property. 

Our patent portfolio includes
issued and pending applications worldwide for each of our programs. 

PAS-004 

For PAS-004, we have issued
patents titled Novel MEK inhibitors, useful in the treatment of diseases that have claims directed to composition of matter
and methods of use, and includes granted patents in the United States, Australia, Canada, China, Germany, Spain, France, Italy, Great
Britain, India and Japan, that are expected to expire in October of 2030 (without consideration of patent term adjustment PTA and patent term extension PTE )). 

PAS-003 

For PAS-003, we have pending
patent applications in three patent families. The first patent family has claims directed to monoclonal antibodies. The second patent
family has claims directed to humanized monoclonal antibodies. The third patent family has claims directed to methods of treating stroke.
 Patents that may issue worldwide in these families will have a statutory expiration date in May of 2042 to November 2043 (without
consideration of PTA and PTE). 

PAS-002 

For
PAS-002, we have pending patent applications in two patent
families that are directed to GlialCAM tolerizing therapies. Patents that may issue worldwide in these families will have a statutory
expiration date in 2043 (without consideration of PTA and
PTE). 

Grant Agreements 

FightMND Grant 

In
connection with the acquisition of Alpha-5, we legally assumed rights under a three-year grant agreement with FightMND, a not-for-profit
Australian charity, which was entered into by Alpha-5 on September 23, 2021. FightMND supports preclinical research, development and assessment
of therapeutics for Motor Neuron Disease/Amyotrophic Sclerosis. Under the grant agreement, we are entitled to reimbursements for costs
incurred up to 967,010 AUD for research related to a monoclonal antibody targeting a 5 b 1
integrin as a potential treatment for ALS. 

14 

Manufacturing 

We contract with third parties
for the manufacture of our product candidates for preclinical studies and clinical trials, and we intend to continue to do so in the future.
For PAS-004, we currently work with one contract manufacturing organization CMO ), WuXi STA, a subsidiary of WuXi AppTec Wuxi for the manufacture of PAS-004 drug substance and plan to utilize Wuxi for the manufacture of drug product for our
clinical trials. We do not own or operate, and currently have no plans to establish, any manufacturing facilities. We utilize an
outside CMC consultant with pharmaceutical development and manufacturing experience who are responsible for the relationships with our
CMO. 

We believe that the use of
contract CMOs eliminates the need to directly invest in manufacturing facilities, equipment and additional staff. Although we rely on
contract manufacturers, our personnel and consultants have extensive manufacturing experience overseeing CMCs and CMOs. 

As we further develop our
product candidates, we expect to consider secondary or back-up manufacturers for both active pharmaceutical ingredient and drug product
manufacturing. To date, our CMO has met the manufacturing requirements for our product candidates in a timely manner. We expect third-party
manufacturers to be capable of providing sufficient quantities of our product candidates to meet our current needs, but we have not assessed
these capabilities beyond the supply of clinical materials to date. We currently engage CMOs on a fee for services 
basis based on our current development plans. 

Employees Human Capital 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had 15 full time employees, of which seven employees were related to our Therapeutics segment and eight employees were related to our
Clinics segment. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. 

We
believe that our future success will depend, in part, on our continued ability to attract, hire and retain qualified personnel. In particular,
we depend on the skills, experience and performance of our senior management and research personnel. We compete for qualified personnel
with other medical pharmaceutical, and healthcare companies, as well as universities and non-profit research institutions. 

We
provide competitive compensation and benefits programs to help meet the needs of our employees. In addition to salaries, these programs
(which vary by country/region and employment classification) include incentive compensation plans, healthcare and insurance benefits,
retirement investments, paid time off, and family leave, among others. We also use targeted equity-based grants with vesting conditions
to facilitate retention of personnel, particularly for our key employees. 

The
success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our people. Accordingly, we are committed to the health and safety
of our employees. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented significant changes that we determined were in the best interest
of our employees, as well as the communities in which we operate, and which comply with government regulations. 

We consider our relations
with our employees to be good. 

Facilities 

Our principal executive office
is located at 1111 Lincoln Road, Suite 500, Miami Beach, FL 33139. We rent approximately 300 square feet of space, which includes our
executive offices. Our research and development facility is located at 458 Carlton Court, South San Francisco, CA. We rent approximately
1,900 square feet of space, which includes our laboratory and offices. 

Website 

Our
website is www.pasithea.com . On our website, investors can obtain, free of charge, a copy
of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, our Code of Conduct and Business Ethics,
including disclosure related to any amendments or waivers thereto, other reports and any amendments thereto filed or furnished pursuant
to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material electronically
with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. None of the information posted on our website is incorporated
by reference into this Annual Report. The SEC also maintains a website at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information
statements and other information regarding us and other companies that file materials with the SEC electronically. 

Government Regulation and Drug Approval 

Government authorities in
the United States (including federal, state and local authorities) and in other countries, extensively regulate, among other things, the
manufacturing, research and clinical development, marketing, labeling and packaging, storage, distribution, post-approval monitoring and
reporting, advertising and promotion, pricing and export and import of pharmaceutical products, such as our future product candidates.
The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes
and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Moreover, failure to comply with applicable regulatory
requirements may result in, among other things, warning letters, clinical holds, civil or criminal penalties, recall or seizure of products,
injunction, disbarment, partial or total suspension of production or withdrawal of the product from the market. Any agency or judicial
enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on us. 

15 

U.S. Government Regulation 

In the United States, the
FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA and its implementing regulations. Drugs are also
subject to other federal, state and local statutes and regulations. The FDA s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research would have
primary jurisdiction over the premarket development, review and approval of our future product candidates. Accordingly, we have and plan
to continue to investigate our products through the IND framework and seek approval through the NDA and BLA pathways. The process required
by the FDA before our product candidates may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 

submission to the FDA of an IND which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin and must be updated annually; 

completion of extensive preclinical laboratory tests and preclinical animal studies, all performed in accordance with the FDA s Good Laboratory Practice regulations; 

performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the product candidate for each proposed indication in accordance with good clinical practice GCP 

submission to the FDA of an NDA or BLA after completion of all pivotal clinical trials; 

a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of an NDA or BLA to file the NDA or BLA for review; 

satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facilities at which the active pharmaceutical ingredient API ), and finished drug product are produced and tested to assess compliance with good manufacturing Practices cGMP regulations; and 

FDA review and approval of an NDA or BLA prior to any commercial marketing or sale of the drug in the United States. 

An IND is a request for authorization
from the FDA to administer an investigational drug product to humans. The central focus of an IND submission is on the general investigational
plan and the protocol(s) for human studies. The IND also includes results of animal studies or other human studies, as appropriate, as
well as manufacturing information, analytical data and any available clinical data or literature to support the use of the investigational
new drug. An IND must become effective before human clinical trials may begin. An IND will automatically become effective 30 days after
receipt by the FDA, unless before that time the FDA raises concerns or questions related to the proposed clinical trials. In such a case,
the IND may be placed on clinical hold and the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns or questions before clinical
trials can begin. Accordingly, submission of an IND may or may not result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to commence. 

Clinical trials involve the
administration of the investigational drug to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators in accordance with GCP,
which include the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical trial.
Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the study, the parameters to be used in
monitoring safety, and the efficacy criteria to be evaluated. A protocol for each clinical trial and any subsequent protocol amendments
must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. Additionally, approval must also be obtained from each clinical trial site s institutional
review board IRB before the trials may be initiated, and the IRB must monitor the study until completed. There are also
requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical trials and clinical trial results to public registries. 

16 

The clinical investigation
of a drug or biologic is generally divided into three phases. Although the phases are usually conducted sequentially, they may overlap
or be combined. The three phases of an investigation are as follows: 

Phase I . Phase I includes the initial introduction of an investigational new drug into humans. Phase I clinical trials are typically closely monitored and may be conducted in patients with the target disease or condition or in healthy volunteers. These studies are designed to evaluate the safety, dosage tolerance, metabolism and pharmacologic actions of the investigational drug in humans, the side effects associated with increasing doses, and if possible, to gain early evidence on effectiveness. During Phase I clinical trials, sufficient information about the investigational drug s pharmacokinetics and pharmacological effects may be obtained to permit the design of well-controlled and scientifically valid Phase II clinical trials. The total number of participants included in Phase I clinical trials varies, but is generally in the range of 20 to 80. 

Phase II . Phase II includes
controlled clinical trials conducted to preliminarily or further evaluate the effectiveness of the investigational drug for a particular
indication(s) in patients with the disease or condition under study, to determine dosage tolerance and optimal dosage, and to identify
possible adverse side effects and safety risks associated with the drug. Phase II clinical trials are typically well-controlled, closely
monitored, and conducted in a limited patient population, usually involving no more than several hundred participants. 

Phase III . Phase III
clinical trials are generally controlled clinical trials conducted in an expanded patient population generally at geographically dispersed
clinical trial sites. They are performed after preliminary evidence suggesting effectiveness of the drug has been obtained, and are intended
to further evaluate dosage, clinical effectiveness and safety, to establish the overall benefit-risk relationship of the investigational
drug product, and to provide an adequate basis for product approval. Phase III clinical trials usually involve several hundred to several
thousand participants. 

A pivotal study is a clinical
study which adequately meets regulatory agency requirements for the evaluation of a drug candidate s efficacy and safety such that
it can be used to justify the approval of the product. Generally, pivotal studies are also Phase III studies but may be Phase II studies
if the trial design provides a well-controlled and reliable assessment of clinical benefit, particularly in situations where there is
an unmet medical need. 

The FDA, the IRB or the clinical
trial sponsor may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects
are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Additionally, some clinical trials are overseen by an independent group of qualified
experts organized by the clinical trial sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board or committee. This group provides authorization
for whether or not a trial may move forward at designated check points based on access to certain data from the study. We may also suspend
or terminate a clinical trial based on evolving business objectives and/or competitive climate. 

Assuming successful completion
of all required testing in accordance with all applicable regulatory requirements, detailed investigational drug product information is
submitted to the FDA in the form of an NDA or BLA requesting approval to market the product for one or more indications. The application
includes all relevant data available from pertinent preclinical and clinical trials, including negative or ambiguous results as well as
positive findings, together with detailed information relating to the product s chemistry, manufacturing, controls and proposed
labeling, among other things. Data can come from company-sponsored clinical trials intended to test the safety and effectiveness of a
use of a product, or from a number of alternative sources, including studies initiated by investigators. To support marketing approval,
the data submitted must be sufficient in quality and quantity to establish the safety and effectiveness of the investigational drug product
to the satisfaction of the FDA. 

17 

Once the NDA or BLA submission
has been accepted for filing, within 60 days following submission, the FDA s goal is to review applications for new molecular entities
within ten months of the filing date or, if the application relates to a serious or life-threatening indication and demonstrates the potential
to provide a significant improvement in safety or effectiveness over currently marketed therapies, six months from the filing date. The
review process is often significantly extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification. The FDA may refer the application
to an advisory committee for review, evaluation and recommendation as to whether the application should be approved. The FDA is not bound
by the recommendation of an advisory committee, but it typically follows such recommendations. 

After the FDA evaluates the
NDA or BLA and conducts inspections of manufacturing facilities where the drug product and/or its active pharmaceutical ingredient will
be produced, it may issue an approval letter or a complete response letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the
drug with specific prescribing information for specific indications. A complete response letter indicates that the review cycle of the
application is complete and the application is not ready for approval. A complete response letter may require additional clinical data
and/or an additional pivotal Phase III clinical trial(s), and/or other significant, expensive and time-consuming requirements related
to clinical trials, preclinical studies or manufacturing. Even if such additional information is submitted, the FDA may ultimately decide
that the NDA or BLA does not satisfy the criteria for approval. The FDA could also approve the NDA or BLA with a risk evaluation and mitigation
strategy (REMS) to mitigate risks, which could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use,
such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. The FDA also may condition approval on,
among other things, changes to proposed labeling, development of adequate controls and specifications, or a commitment to conduct one
or more post-market studies or clinical trials. Such post-market testing may include Phase IV clinical trials and surveillance to further
assess and monitor the product s safety and effectiveness after commercialization. Regulatory approval of oncology products often
requires that patients in clinical trials be followed for long periods to determine the overall survival benefit of the drug. 

After regulatory approval
of a drug product is obtained, manufacturers are required to comply with a number of post-approval requirements. The holder of an approved
NDA or BLA must report, among other things, certain adverse reactions and production problems to the FDA, to provide updated safety and
efficacy information, and to comply with requirements concerning advertising and promotional labeling for the approved product. Also,
quality control and manufacturing procedures must continue to conform to cGMP after approval to ensure and preserve the long-term stability
of the drug product. The FDA periodically inspects manufacturing facilities to assess compliance with cGMP, which imposes extensive procedural,
substantive and record keeping requirements. In addition, changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated, and, depending
on the significance of the change, may require prior FDA approval before being implemented. FDA regulations also require investigation
and correction of any deviations from cGMP and impose reporting and documentation requirements upon us and any third-party manufacturers
that we may decide to use. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality
control to maintain compliance with cGMP and other aspects of regulatory compliance. 

We expect to rely on third
parties for the production of clinical and commercial quantities of our future product candidates. Future FDA and state inspections may
identify compliance issues at our facilities or at the facilities of our contract manufacturers that may disrupt production or distribution,
or require substantial resources to correct. In addition, discovery of previously unknown problems with a product or the failure to comply
with applicable requirements may result in restrictions on a product, manufacturer or holder of an approved NDA or BLA, including withdrawal
or recall of the product from the market or other voluntary, FDA-initiated or judicial action that could delay or prohibit further marketing.
Newly discovered or developed safety or effectiveness data may require changes to a product s approved labeling, including the addition
of new warnings and contraindications, and also may require the implementation of other risk management measures. Also, new government
requirements, including those resulting from new legislation, may be established, or the FDA s policies may change, which could
delay or prevent regulatory approval of our products under development. 

18 

Expedited Development and Review Programs
for Drugs 

The FDA maintains several
programs intended to facilitate and expedite development and review of new drugs and biologics to address unmet medical needs in the treatment
of serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions. These programs include Fast Track designation, Breakthrough Therapy designation,
Priority Review and Accelerated Approval, and the purpose of these programs is to either expedite the development or review of important
new drugs to get them to patients more quickly than standard FDA review timelines typically permit. 

A drug is eligible for Fast
Track designation if it is intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrates the potential to address
unmet medical needs for such disease or condition. Fast Track designation provides increased opportunities for sponsor interactions with
the FDA during preclinical and clinical development, in addition to the potential for rolling review once a marketing application is filed.
Rolling review means that the agency may review portions of the marketing application before the sponsor submits the complete application.
In addition, a drug may be eligible for Breakthrough Therapy designation if it is intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease
or condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies
on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. Breakthrough
Therapy designation provides all the features of Fast Track designation in addition to intensive guidance on an efficient drug development
program, and FDA organizational commitment to expedited development, including involvement of senior managers and experienced review staff
in a cross-disciplinary review, where appropriate. 

Any product submitted to the
FDA for approval, including a product with Fast Track or Breakthrough Therapy designation, may also be eligible for additional FDA programs
intended to expedite the review and approval process, including Priority Review designation and Accelerated Approval. A product is eligible
for Priority Review designation, once an NDA or a biologics license application, or BLA, is submitted, if the drug that is the subject
of the marketing application has the potential to provide a significant improvement in safety or effectiveness in the treatment, diagnosis
or prevention of a serious disease or condition. Under priority review, the FDA s goal date to take action on the marketing application
is six months compared to ten months for a standard review. Products are eligible for Accelerated Approval if they can be shown to have
an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or an effect on an intermediate clinical endpoint
that can be measured earlier than an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality, which is reasonably likely to predict an effect on
irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition
and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. 

Accelerated Approval is usually
contingent on a sponsor s agreement to conduct additional post-approval studies to verify and describe the product s clinical
benefit. The FDA may withdraw approval of a drug or an indication approved under Accelerated Approval if, for example, the confirmatory
trial fails to verify the predicted clinical benefit of the product. In addition, the FDA generally requires, as a condition for Accelerated
Approval, that all advertising and promotional materials intended for dissemination or publication within 120 days of marketing approval
be submitted to the agency for review during the pre-approval review period. After the 120-day period has passed, all advertising and
promotional materials must be submitted at least 30 days prior to the intended time of initial dissemination or publication. 

Even if a product qualifies
for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification or the time
period for FDA review or approval may not be shortened. Furthermore, Fast Track designation, Breakthrough Therapy designation, Priority
Review and Accelerated Approval do not change the scientific or medical standards for approval or the quality of evidence necessary to
support approval, though they may expedite the development or review process. 

The Rare Pediatric Disease Designation and Priority
Review Voucher Program 

Under the FD C Act, the
FDA incentivizes the development of drugs and biologics that meet the definition of a rare pediatric disease, defined to
mean a serious or life-threatening disease in which the serious or life-threatening manifestations primarily affect individuals aged from
birth to 18 years and the disease affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States or affects more than 200,000 in the United
States and for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making such product for such disease or condition
will be received from sales in the United States. To be eligible for the incentives, a sponsor must first request and receive from FDA,
prior to or with an NDA or BLA submission, a rare pediatric disease designation. The FDA must deem the application eligible for priority
review (i.e., the product treats a serious condition and, if approved, would provide a significant improvement in safety or effectiveness).
If the rare pediatric product is approved, the sponsor may be eligible for a voucher that can be used to obtain a priority review for
a subsequent, different NDA or BLA for any use, pediatric or not. Rare pediatric disease designation does not guarantee that
a sponsor will receive a priority review voucher (PRV) upon approval of its NDA or BLA. If a PRV is received, it may be sold or transferred
an unlimited number of times. Under current law, PRVs can be granted only for products that receive rare disease designation by September
30, 2024, and that are approved by September 30, 2026. 

19 

U.S. Patent Term Restoration 

Depending upon the timing,
duration, and specifics of the FDA approval of the use of our current and potential product candidates, some of our U.S. patents may be
eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984 Hatch-Waxman
Amendments ). The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent restoration term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost
during product development and the FDA regulatory review process. However, patent term restoration cannot extend the remaining term of
a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the product s approval date. The patent term restoration period is generally one-half the
time between the effective date of an IND and the submission date of an NDA or BLA plus the time between the submission date of a BLA
or NDA and the approval of that application. Only one patent applicable to an approved biological product is eligible for the extension
and the application for the extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, in
consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension or restoration. 

Disclosure of Clinical Trial Information 

Sponsors of clinical trials of FDA-regulated
drugs and biologics are required to register and disclose certain clinical trial information on the website www.clinicaltrials.gov. Information
related to the product, patient population, phase of investigation, trial sites and investigators, and other aspects of a clinical trial
are then made public as part of the registration. Sponsors are also obligated to disclose the results of their clinical trials after completion.
Disclosure of the results of clinical trials can be delayed in certain circumstances for up to two years after the date of completion
of the trial. Competitors may use this publicly available information to gain knowledge regarding the progress of clinical development
programs as well as clinical trial design. 

Pediatric Information 

Under the Pediatric Research
Equity Act PREA ), NDAs and BLAs must contain data to assess the safety and effectiveness of the product for the claimed
indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which
the product is safe and effective. The FDA may grant full or partial waivers, or deferrals, for submission of data. Unless otherwise required
by regulation, PREA does not apply to any product with orphan product designation except a product with a new active ingredient that is
a molecularly targeted cancer product intended for the treatment of an adult cancer and directed at a molecular target determined by FDA
to be substantially relevant to the growth or progression of a pediatric cancer that is subject to an NDA or BLA submitted on or after
August 18, 2020. 

The Best Pharmaceuticals for
Children Act BPCA provides a six-month extension of any non-patent exclusivity for a drug or biologic if certain conditions
are met. Conditions for exclusivity include the FDA s determination that information relating to the use of a new drug or biologic
in the pediatric population may produce health benefits in that population, the FDA making a written request for pediatric studies, and
the applicant agreeing to perform, and reporting on, the requested studies within the statutory timeframe. Applications under the BPCA
are treated as priority applications, with all of the benefits that designation confers. 

Controlled Substances 

The federal Controlled Substances
Act of 1970, or CSA, and its implementing regulations establish a closed system of regulations for controlled substances.
The CSA imposes registration, security, recordkeeping and reporting, storage, manufacturing, distribution, importation and other requirements
under the oversight of the DEA. The DEA is the federal agency responsible for regulating controlled substances, and requires those individuals
or entities that manufacture, import, export, distribute, research, or dispense controlled substances to comply with the regulatory requirements
in order to prevent the diversion of controlled substances to illicit channels of commerce. 

20 

The DEA categorizes controlled
substances into one of five schedules - Schedule I, II, III, IV or V - with varying qualifications for listing
in each schedule. Schedule I substances by definition have a high potential for abuse, have no currently accepted medical use in treatment
in the United States and lack accepted safety for use under medical supervision. Pharmaceutical products having a currently accepted medical
use that are otherwise approved for marketing may be listed as Schedule II, III, IV or V substances, with Schedule II substances presenting
the highest potential for abuse and physical or psychological dependence, and Schedule V substances presenting the lowest relative potential
for abuse and dependence. 

Facilities that manufacture,
distribute, import or export any controlled substance must register annually with the DEA. The DEA registration is specific to the particular
location, activity(ies) and controlled substance schedule(s). 

The DEA, and some states,
also conduct periodic inspections of registered establishments that handle controlled substances. Facilities that conduct research, manufacture,
store, distribute, import or export controlled substances must be registered to perform these activities and have the security, control
and inventory mechanisms required by the DEA to prevent drug loss and diversion. Failure to maintain compliance, particularly non-compliance
resulting in loss or diversion, can result in regulatory action that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations, financial condition and prospects. The DEA may seek civil penalties, refuse to renew necessary registrations, or initiate
proceedings to revoke those registrations. In certain circumstances, violations could lead to criminal proceedings. 

The states also maintain separate
controlled substance laws and regulations, including licensing, recordkeeping, security, distribution, and dispensing requirements. State
authorities, including boards of pharmacy, regulate use of controlled substances in each state. Failure to maintain compliance with applicable
requirements, particularly as manifested in the loss or diversion of controlled substances, can result in enforcement action that could
have a material adverse effect on our business, operations and financial condition. The DEA may seek civil penalties, refuse to renew
necessary registrations, or initiate proceedings to revoke those registrations. In certain circumstances, violations could lead to criminal
prosecution. 

Europe/Rest of World Government Regulation 

In addition to regulations
in the United States, we may be subject to a variety of regulations in other jurisdictions governing, among other things, clinical trials
and any commercial sales and distribution of our future product candidates. 

Whether or not we obtain FDA
approval for a product, we must obtain the requisite approvals from regulatory authorities in foreign countries prior to the commencement
of clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries. Certain countries outside of the United States have a similar process
that requires the submission of a clinical trial application much like the IND prior to the commencement of human clinical trials. In
Europe, for example, a clinical trial application CTA ), must be submitted to each country s national health authority
and an independent ethics committee, much like the FDA and IRB, respectively. Once the CTA is approved in accordance with a country s
requirements, clinical trial development may proceed. 

Following the U.K. s
exit from the European Union, a separate regulatory regime applies in the U.K. to clinical trials and licensing of medicines. 

The requirements and process
governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. In all cases, the
clinical trials are conducted in accordance with GCP and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their
origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. 

To obtain regulatory approval
of an investigational drug under EU regulatory systems, we must submit a marketing authorization application. The EMA is responsible for
the scientific evaluation of centralized MAA. Once granted by the European Commission, the centralized marketing authorization is valid
in all EU Member States, Iceland, Norway and Liechtenstein. The application used to file the NDA or BLA in the United States is similar
to that required in Europe, with the exception of, among other things, country-specific document requirements. 

21 

For other countries outside
of the EU, such as countries in Eastern Europe, Latin America or Asia, the requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product
licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. In all cases, again, the clinical trials are conducted in accordance
with GCP and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. 

If we fail to comply with
applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals,
product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. 

Authorization Procedures in the European Union 

In all cases, the application
for marketing approval requires the completion of clinical trials. Clinical trials are currently regulated under Directive 2001/20/EC.
EU directives are not directly applicable in the Member States. They have to be transposed into national law. National law transposing
EU directives often varies to a great extent. However, in April 2014 a new regulation on clinical trials on medicinal products for human
use was adopted. Regulations are directly applicable in the Member States, so they generally lead to greater harmonization. Regulation
536/2014 CTR ), entered into force on in June 2014. The CTR will harmonize the assessment and supervision processes for
clinical trials throughout the EU via a Clinical Trials Information System, or CTIS, which will contain a centralized EU portal and database
for clinical trials. The exact timing of the Regulation s application depends on confirmation of full functionality of CTIS through
an independent audit. 

Medicines can be authorized
in the EU by using either the centralized authorization procedure or national authorization procedures. 

Centralized Procedure (regulated in Regulation (EC) 726/2004). Under the Centralized Procedure a so-called Community Marketing Authorization is issued by the European Commission, based on the opinion of the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use of the European Medicines Agency EMA ). The Community Marketing Authorization is valid throughout the entire territory of the European Economic Area EEA (which includes the 27 Member States of the EU plus Norway, Liechtenstein and Iceland). The Centralized Procedure is mandatory for certain types of products, such as biotechnology medicinal products, orphan medicinal products, and medicinal products indicated for the treatment of AIDS, cancer, neurodegenerative disorders, diabetes, auto-immune and viral diseases. The Centralized Procedure is optional for products containing a new active substance not yet authorized in the EEA, or for products that constitute a significant therapeutic, scientific or technical innovation or which are in the interest of public health in the EU. For medicines that do not fall within these categories, an applicant has the option of submitting an application for a centralized marketing authorization to the EMA, as long as the medicine concerned is a significant therapeutic, scientific or technical innovation, or if its authorization would be in the interest of public health. 

Cooperative Authorization Procedures (regulated in Directive 2001/83/EC and implemented into Member States national law). There are also two other possible routes to authorize medicinal products in several countries, which are available for investigational drug products that fall outside the scope of the centralized procedure: 

Decentralized Procedure. Using the Decentralized Procedure, an applicant may apply for simultaneous authorization in more than one EU country of medicinal products that have not yet been authorized in any EU country and that do not fall within the mandatory scope of the centralized procedure. Under the Decentralized Procedure the applicant chooses one country as Reference Member State. The regulatory authority of the Reference Member State will then be in charge of leading the assessment of the marketing authorization application. 

Mutual Recognition Procedure. In the Mutual Recognition Procedure, a medicine is first authorized in one EU Member State, in accordance with the national procedures of that country. Following this, further marketing authorizations can be sought from other EU countries in a procedure whereby the countries concerned agree to recognize the validity of the original, national marketing authorization. 

Furthermore, there is the option to obtain a national authorization in just one Member State. 

22 

In the EU, upon receiving
marketing authorization, new chemical entities generally receive eight years of data exclusivity and an additional two years of market
exclusivity. If granted, data exclusivity prevents regulatory authorities in the EU from referencing the innovator s data to assess
a generic application. During the additional two-year period of market exclusivity, a generic marketing authorization can be submitted,
and the innovator s data may be referenced, but no generic product can be marketed until the expiration of the market exclusivity.
However, there is no guarantee that a product will be considered by the EU s regulatory authorities to be a new chemical entity,
and there is a risk that products may not qualify for data exclusivity. 

U.K. Regulation 

The Medicines and Healthcare
products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) is an executive agency of the Department of Health and Social Care in the U.K. which is responsible
for ensuring that medicines and medical devices work and are acceptably safe. 

The MHRA has the following
roles: 

Operate post-marketing surveillance - in particular the Yellow Card Scheme - for reporting, investigating and monitoring of adverse drug reactions to medicines and incidents with medical devices. 

Assess and authorize medicinal products for sale and supply in the U.K. 

Oversee the Notified Bodies that ensure medical device manufacturers comply with regulatory requirements before putting devices on the market. 

Operate a quality surveillance system to sample and test medicines to address quality defects and to monitor the safety and quality of unlicensed products. 

Investigate internet sales and potential counterfeiting of medicines, and prosecute where necessary. 

Regulate clinical trials of medicines and medical devices. 

Monitor and ensure compliance with statutory obligations relating to medicines and medical devices. 

Promote safe use of medicines and devices. 

In the United Kingdom and
following the United Kingdom s exit from the European Union, EU medicines regulation has been adopted as standalone United Kingdom
legislation with some amendments to reflect procedural and other requirements with respect to marketing authorizations and other regulatory
provisions. 

In order to market a medicinal
product in the United Kingdom, a license or marketing authorization must be obtained from the MHRA The United Kingdom legislation includes
multiple assessment routes for applications for medicinal products, including a 150-day national assessment or a rolling review application.
Further, and for a transitional period until 31 December 2022, the MHRA may rely on a decision taken by the European Commission on the
approval of a new marketing authorization in the centralized procedure. In addition, the MHRA has the power to have regard to marketing
authorizations approved in EU member states. 

The United Kingdom has adopted
new legislation, the Medicines and Medical Devices Act 2021 and may make changes to the licensing or authorization of medicines in the
future. The separate UK authorization system, albeit with transitional recognition procedures in the UK, may lead to additional regulatory
costs. In addition, further regulatory costs will be incurred with respect to the lack of mutual recognition of batch testing and related
regulatory measures between the European Union and the United Kingdom. 

The CQC is an executive non-departmental
public body of the Department of Health and Social Care of the U.K. It regulates and inspects health and social care services in England
and registration is required prior to the provision of health and care services. Further, certain drug and pharmaceutical licenses and
registrations may be required for the possession and/or supply of certain drugs. 

The GPhC is the body responsible
for the independent regulation of the pharmacy profession within Great Britain (England, Scotland and Wales) regulation and enforcement
by, responsible for the regulation of pharmacists, pharmacy technicians and pharmacy premises. 

Zen Healthcare has established
consultants and advisors to ensure it operates in accordance with the CQC. Zen Healthcare also has responsibility under our agreements
to obtain all the regulatory approvals and licenses to operate from the aforementioned bodies and complies with the MHRA, CQC and GPhC. 

23 

Other Health Care Laws 

We may also be subject to
healthcare regulation and enforcement by the US federal government and the states and foreign governments where we may market our product
candidates, if approved. The US laws include, without limitation, state and federal anti-kickback, fraud and abuse, false claims, physician
sunshine and privacy and security laws and regulations with corresponding laws in non-US countries. 

The US federal Anti-Kickback
Statute prohibits, among other things, any person from knowingly and willfully offering, soliciting, receiving or providing remuneration,
directly or indirectly, to induce either the referral of an individual, for an item or service or the purchasing or ordering of a good
or service, for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. The Anti-Kickback
Statute is subject to evolving interpretations. In the past, the government has enforced the Anti-Kickback Statute to reach large settlements
with healthcare companies based on sham consulting and other financial arrangements with physicians. A person or entity does not need
to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. In addition, the government
may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false
or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal False Claims Act. The majority of states also have anti-kickback laws which establish
similar prohibitions and, in some cases, may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers. 

Additionally, the US Civil
False Claims Act prohibits knowingly presenting or causing the presentation of a false, fictitious or fraudulent claim for payment to
the United States government. Actions under the False Claims Act may be brought by the Attorney General or as a qui tam action by a private
individual in the name of the government. Violations of the False Claims Act can result in very significant monetary penalties and treble
damages. The federal government is using the False Claims Act, and the accompanying threat of significant liability, in its investigation
and prosecution of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies throughout the United States, for example, in connection with the promotion
of products for unapproved uses and other sales and marketing practices. The government has obtained multi-million and multi-billion-dollar
settlements under the False Claims Act in addition to individual criminal convictions under applicable criminal statutes. Given the significant
size of actual and potential settlements, it is expected that the government will continue to devote substantial resources to investigating
healthcare providers and manufacturers compliance with applicable fraud and abuse laws. 

HIPAA also created new federal
criminal statutes that prohibit among other actions, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud
any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing from a healthcare
benefit program, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a healthcare offense, and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing
or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or
payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to
have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. 

There has also been a recent
trend of increased federal and state regulation of payments made to physicians and other healthcare providers. The Patient Protection
and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, (collectively, the Affordable Care Act ),
among other things, imposed new reporting requirements on drug manufacturers for payments made by them to physicians and teaching hospitals,
as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. Failure to submit timely, accurately
and completely the required information may result in civil monetary penalties of up to an aggregate of approximately 0.2 million per
year (or up to an aggregate of 1.2 million per year for knowing failures ), for all payments, transfers of value or ownership
or investment interests that are not timely, accurately and completely reported in an annual submission. Drug manufacturers are required
to submit reports to the government by the 90th day of each calendar year. Certain states also mandate implementation of compliance programs,
impose restrictions on drug manufacturer marketing practices and/or require the tracking and reporting of marketing expenditures and pricing
information as well as gifts, compensation and other remuneration to physicians. 

24 

We may also be subject to
data privacy and security regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. HIPAA, as amended
by HITECH, and their respective implementing regulations, including the final omnibus rule published on January 25, 2013, imposes specified
requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. Among other things, HITECH
makes HIPAA s privacy and security standards directly applicable to business associates, defined as independent contractors
or agents of covered entities that create, receive, maintain or transmit protected health information in connection with providing a service
for or on behalf of a covered entity. HITECH also increased the civil and criminal penalties that may be imposed against covered entities,
business associates and possibly other persons, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions
in federal courts to enforce HIPAA and seek attorney s fees and costs associated with pursuing such civil actions. In addition,
state laws govern the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant
ways, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

Coverage and Reimbursement 

Sales of our product candidates,
once approved, will depend, in part, on the extent to which the costs of our products will be covered by third-party payors, such as government
health programs, private health insurers and managed care organizations. Third-party payors generally decide which drugs they will cover
and establish certain reimbursement levels for such drugs. In particular, in the United States, private health insurers and other third-party
payors often provide reimbursement for products and services based on the level at which the government (through the Medicare or Medicaid
programs) provides reimbursement for such treatments. Patients who are prescribed treatments for their conditions and providers performing
the prescribed services generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the associated healthcare costs. Patients are
unlikely to use our products unless coverage is provided and reimbursement is adequate to cover a significant portion of the cost of our
products. Sales of our products and product candidates, if approved, will therefore depend substantially on the extent to which the costs
of products and our product candidates will be paid by third-party payors. Additionally, the market for our products and future product
candidates will depend significantly on access to third-party payors formularies without prior authorization, step therapy, or
other limitations such as approved lists of treatments for which third-party payors provide coverage and reimbursement. Additionally,
coverage and reimbursement for therapeutic products can differ significantly from payor to payor. One third-party payor s decision
to cover a particular medical product or service does not ensure that other payors will also provide coverage for the medical product
or service, or will provide coverage at an adequate reimbursement rate. As a result, the coverage determination process will require us
to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately and will be a time-consuming process. 

In addition, the United States
government, state legislatures and foreign governments have continued implementing cost-containment programs, including price controls,
restrictions on coverage and reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products. Adoption of price controls and cost-containment
measures, and adoption of more restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could further limit our future
net revenue and results. Decreases in third-party reimbursement for our products and future product candidates or a decision by a third-party
payor to not cover our products or future product candidates could reduce physician usage of our products and future product candidates,
if approved, and have a material adverse effect on our sales, results of operations and financial condition. 

Health Care Reform 

In the United States and foreign
jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the healthcare system that could affect our future results
of operations. There have been and continue to be a number of initiatives at the United States federal and state levels that seek to reduce
healthcare costs. 

In particular, in the United
States, the Affordable Care Act has had, and is expected to continue to have, a significant impact on the healthcare industry. The Affordable
Care Act was designed to expand coverage for the uninsured while at the same time containing overall healthcare costs. The Affordable
Care Act, among other things, addressed a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program
are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected, increased the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers
under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and extended the rebate program to individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations,
established annual fees and taxes on manufacturers of certain branded prescription drugs, and established a new Medicare Part D coverage
gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer 50 point-of-sale discounts, which, through subsequent legislative amendments,
was increased to 70 , off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a
condition for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D. Substantial new provisions affecting compliance
were also enacted, which may require us to modify our business practices with healthcare providers and entities. 

25 

Since its enactment, there
have been judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the Affordable Care Act. If a law is enacted, many if not all of
the provisions of the ACA may no longer apply to prescription drugs. While we are unable to predict what changes may ultimately be enacted,
to the extent that future changes affect how any future products are paid for and reimbursed by government and private payers our business
could be adversely impacted. In November 2020, Joseph Biden was elected President and, in January 2021, the Democratic Party obtained
control of the Senate. As a result of these electoral developments, it is unlikely that continued legislative efforts will be pursued
to repeal ACA. Instead, it is possible that legislation will be pursued to enhance or reform ACA. We are not able to state with certainty
what the impact of potential legislation will be on our business. 

In addition, other legislative
changes have been proposed and adopted since the Affordable Care Act was enacted. Recently there has been heightened governmental scrutiny
over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries and
proposed bills designed to, among other things, reform government program reimbursement methodologies. Individual states in the United
States have also become increasingly active in implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including
price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency
measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. We expect that additional state
and federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments
will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand for our future product candidates or additional pricing
pressures. 

Facilities and Operational Regulation 

U.S. 

Federal, state and local regulations
(implemented by CMS, FDA, the Occupational Health and Safety Administration OSHA ), the DEA, and state departments or boards
of public health, public welfare, medicine, nursing, pharmacy, and medical assistance, among others) would require us to meet various
standards relating to, among other things, the management, licensing, safety, security and operation of facilities (including, e.g., laboratories,
pharmacies, and clinics), personnel qualifications and licensing, the maintenance of proper records, equipment, and quality assurance
programs, and the dispensing, storage, and administration of controlled substances. All of our clinics and facilities in the U.S. would
be subject to periodic inspection by federal, state and local agencies to determine if the operations, premises, equipment, personnel
and patient care meet applicable standards. 

Our operations are subject
to various federal, state and local hazardous and medical waste disposal laws. As currently in effect, laws governing the disposal of
hazardous waste do not classify most of the waste produced in connection with the provision of our health care services as hazardous,
although disposal of non-hazardous medical waste is subject to specific state regulation. Our operations are also subject to various air
emission and wastewater discharge regulations. 

Non-U.S. 

We would be subject to a broad
spectrum of regulation in other countries. Our operations must comply with various environmental and transportation regulations in the
countries in which we operate. Our facilities and clinics are also subject to various standards relating to, among other things, facilities,
management, personnel qualifications and licensing, maintenance of proper records, equipment, quality assurance programs, the operation
of pharmacies, the protection of workers from blood-borne diseases and the dispensing of controlled substances. All of our operations
may be subject to periodic inspection by various governmental authorities to determine if the operations, premises, equipment, personnel
and patient care meet applicable standards. Our clinic operations and our related activities generally require licenses, which may be
subject to periodic renewal and may be revoked for violation of applicable regulatory requirements. 

In addition, many countries
impose various investment restrictions on foreign companies. For instance, government approval may be required to enter into a joint venture
with a local partner. Some countries do not permit foreign investors to own a majority interest in local companies or require that companies
organized under their laws have at least one local stockholder. Investment restrictions therefore affect the corporate structure, operating
procedures and other characteristics of our subsidiaries and joint ventures in these and other countries. 

26 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Our future operating results
could differ materially from the results described in this annual report due to the risks and uncertainties described below. You should
consider carefully the following information about risks in evaluating our business. If any of the following risks actually occur, our
business, financial condition, results of operations and future growth prospects would likely be materially and adversely affected. Additional
risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations in these
circumstances, the market price of our securities would likely decline. In addition, we cannot assure investors that our assumptions and
expectations will prove to be correct. Important factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated or implied
by forward-looking statements. See Forward Looking Statements for a discussion of some of the forward-looking statements
that are qualified by these risk factors. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include those factors discussed below. 

Summary Risk Factors 

The following summarizes key
risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect us. You should read this summary together with the more detailed description
of each risk factor contained below. 

We
 are a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history. 

We
 have incurred a history of operating losses and expect to continue to incur substantial costs
 for the foreseeable future. We are not currently profitable, and we may never achieve or
 sustain profitability. 

We
 will need to raise additional capital to complete the development and commercialization efforts
 for PAS-004 and our other product candidates. If we are unable to raise capital when needed,
 we could be forced to delay, reduce or terminate certain of our development programs or other
 operations. 

A
 pandemic, epidemic, or outbreak of an infectious disease, such as COVID-19, could cause a
 disruption to the development of our product candidates. 

We are dependent primarily on the successful development and commercialization
of our lead product candidate, PAS-004, which is not yet approved. Our business could be materially adversely affected if one or more
of our key product candidates do not perform as well as expected and do not receive regulatory approval. We cannot give any assurance
that we will receive regulatory approval for such product candidate or any other product candidates which is necessary before any of our
product candidates can be commercialized. 

Even
 if we obtain regulatory approval for PAS-004, or any of our other product candidates, such
 approval may be limited, and we will be subject to stringent, ongoing government regulation
 The commercial success of our product candidates, if approved, depends partially upon attaining
 market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors, and the medical community. 

Our
 business is subject to extensive regulatory requirements, and our product candidates that
 obtain approval will be subject to ongoing and continued regulatory review, which may result
 in significant expense and limit our ability to commercialize such products. 

We
 expect to rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials and our regulatory submissions
 for our product candidates, and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily, including
 failing to meet deadlines for the completion of such trials and/or regulatory submissions. 

We
 may rely on third parties to perform many essential services for any products that we commercialize,
 including distribution, customer service, accounts receivable management, cash collection
 and adverse event reporting. If these third parties fail to perform as expected or to comply
 with legal and regulatory requirements, our ability to commercialize PAS-004 or our other
 product candidates will be significantly impacted and we may be subject to regulatory sanctions. 

We
 will need to further increase the size and complexity of our organization in the future,
 and we may experience difficulties in executing our growth strategy and managing any growth. 

Our
 research and development is focused on discovering and developing product candidates which
 may not make it to the market. 

We
 are increasingly dependent on information technology, and our systems and infrastructure
 face certain risks, including cybersecurity and data leakage risks. 

If
 our intellectual property related to our products or product candidates is not adequate,
 we may not be able to compete effectively in our market. 

An
 active trading market for our Common Stock or warrants to purchase shares of our Common Stock
 that were issued in our Initial Public Offering and are listed on Nasdaq (the Warrants may not be sustained. 

27 

Risks Related to Our Financial Position and
Need for Additional Capital 

We have a limited operating history and
have no products or services approved for commercial sale, which may make it difficult for you to evaluate our current business and predict
our future success and viability. 

We have a limited operating history upon which
you can evaluate our business and prospects. We have no products or services approved for commercial sale and have not generated any material
revenue from product sales. To date, we have devoted substantially all of our resources and efforts to organizing and staffing our company,
business planning, and product candidate development. We have not yet demonstrated our ability to obtain marketing approvals, manufacture
a commercial-scale product or arrange for a third party to do so on our behalf, or conduct sales and marketing activities necessary for
successful product commercialization. As a result, it may be more difficult for you to accurately predict our future success or viability
than it could be if we had a longer operating history. 

Accordingly, you should consider our prospects
in light of the costs, uncertainties, delays and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in the early stages of development,
especially preclinical stage pharmaceutical companies such as ours. Potential investors should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties
that a company with a limited operating history will face. In particular, potential investors should consider that we cannot assure you
that we will be able to, among other things: 

successfully implement or execute our current business plan, and we cannot assure you that our business plan is sound; 

successfully manufacture our clinical product candidates and establish commercial supply; 

successfully complete the clinical trials necessary to obtain regulatory approval for the marketing of our product candidates; 

secure market exclusivity and/or adequate intellectual property protection for our product candidates; 

attract and retain an experienced management and advisory team; 

secure acceptance of our product candidates in the medical community and with third-party payors and consumers; 

raise sufficient funds in the capital markets or otherwise to effectuate our business plan; and 

utilize the funds that we do have and/or raise in the future to efficiently execute our business strategy. 

If we cannot successfully execute any one of the
foregoing, our business may fail and your investment will be adversely affected. 

We have a history of losses and may not
be able to achieve profitability going forward. 

We are a preclinical stage
biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history and have incurred losses since our formation. We incurred net losses of approximately
 13.9 million and 2.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated
deficit of approximately 18.7 million. We have not commercialized any product candidates and have never generated revenue from the commercialization
of any product. To date, we have devoted most of our financial resources to research and development, including our preclinical work,
general and administrative expenses, as well as to intellectual property. 

We expect to incur significant additional operating losses for
the next several years, at least, as we advance our product candidates through preclinical development, complete clinical trials, seek
regulatory approval and commercialization, if any our product candidates are approved. The costs of advancing product candidates into
each clinical phase tend to increase substantially over the duration of the clinical development process. Therefore, the total costs
to advance any of our product candidates to marketing approval in even a single jurisdiction will be substantial. Because of the numerous
risks and uncertainties associated with pharmaceutical product development, we are unable to accurately predict the timing or amount
of increased expenses or when, or if, we will be able to begin generating revenue from the commercialization of any products or achieve
or maintain profitability. Our expenses will also increase substantially if and as we: 

establish a sales, marketing
and distribution infrastructure to commercialize our drugs, if approved, and for any other product candidates for which we may obtain
marketing approval; 

maintain, expand and protect
our intellectual property portfolio; 

hire additional clinical, scientific
and commercial personnel; 

add operational, financial
and management information systems and personnel, including personnel to support our product development and planned future commercialization
efforts, as well as to support our transition to a public reporting company; and 

acquire or in-license or invent
other product candidates or technologies. 

28 

Furthermore, our ability to
successfully develop, commercialize and license any product candidates and generate product revenue is subject to substantial additional
risks and uncertainties, as described under Risks Related to Development, Clinical Testing, Manufacturing, Regulatory Approval
and Commercialization. As a result, we expect to continue to incur net losses and negative cash flows for the foreseeable future.
These net losses and negative cash flows have had, and will continue to have, an adverse effect on our stockholders equity and
working capital. The amount of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of future growth of our expenses and our ability
to generate revenues. If we are unable to develop and commercialize one or more product candidates, either alone or through collaborations,
or if revenues from any product that receives marketing approval are insufficient, we will not achieve profitability. Even if we do achieve
profitability, we may not be able to sustain profitability or meet outside expectations for our profitability. If we are unable to achieve
or sustain profitability or to meet outside expectations for our profitability, the value of our Common Stock and Warrants will be materially
and adversely affected. 

We will require additional capital to fund
our operations, and if we fail to obtain necessary financing, we may not be able to complete the development and commercialization of
our drugs. 

Our operations have consumed substantial amounts
of cash since inception. We expect to continue to spend substantial amounts to advance the clinical development of and launch and commercialize
our product candidates if we receive regulatory approval. We will require additional capital for the further development and potential
commercialization of our product candidates and may also need to raise additional funds sooner to pursue a more accelerated development
of our product candidates, if available to us. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we could be forced
to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and development programs or any future commercialization efforts. 

At December 31, 2022, we had cash of approximately
 33.1 million. We have incurred continuing losses including a loss of 13.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our future funding
requirements, both near and long-term, will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to the: 

initiation, progress, timing, costs and results of preclinical studies and clinical trials, including patient enrollment in such trials, for our product candidates or any other future product candidates; 

clinical development plans we establish for our product candidates and any other future product candidates; 

obligation to make royalty and non-royalty sublicense receipt payments to third-party licensors, if any, under our licensing agreements; 

number and characteristics of product candidates that we discover or in-license and develop; 

outcome, timing and cost of regulatory review by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities, including the potential for the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities to require that we perform more studies than those that we currently expect; 

costs of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims and maintaining and enforcing other intellectual property rights; 

effects of competing technological and market developments; 

costs and timing of the implementation of commercial-scale manufacturing activities; 

costs and timing of establishing sales, marketing and distribution capabilities for any product candidates for which we may receive regulatory approval; 

cost associated with being a public company. 

If we are unable to expand our operations
or otherwise capitalize on our business opportunities due to a lack of capital, our ability to become profitable will be compromised. 

29 

Raising additional capital may cause dilution
to our stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates. 

Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial
revenue, we may finance our cash needs through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, marketing and distribution arrangements
and other collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements or other sources. We do not currently have any committed external
source of funds. In addition, we may seek additional capital due to favorable market conditions or strategic considerations, even if we
believe that we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans. 

To the extent that we raise additional capital
through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms of these securities
may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a common stockholder. Debt financing and preferred equity
financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such
as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise additional funds through collaborations,
strategic alliances or marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may be required to relinquish valuable
rights to our technologies, intellectual property, future revenue streams or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not
be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay,
limit, reduce or terminate product candidate development or future commercialization efforts. 

Changes in U.S. tax law may materially adversely
affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief,
and Economic Security Act, or the CARES Act, was signed into law to address the COVID-19 crisis. The CARES Act is an approximately 2
trillion emergency economic stimulus package that includes numerous U.S. federal income tax provisions, including the modification of:
(i) net operating loss rules (as discussed below), (ii) the alternative minimum tax refund and (iii) business interest
deduction limitations under Section 163(j) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code. 

On December 22, 2017, President Trump signed into
law federal tax legislation commonly referred to as the TCJA (defined below), which also significantly changed the U.S. federal income
taxation of U.S. corporations. TCJA remains unclear in many respects and has been, and may continue to be, subject to amendments and technical
corrections, as well as interpretations and implementing regulations by the Treasury and Internal Revenue Service, or the IRS, any of
which could lessen or increase certain adverse impacts of TCJA. In addition, it is unclear how these U.S. federal income tax changes will
affect state and local taxation, which often uses federal taxable income as a starting point for computing state and local tax liabilities. 

The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TJCA) (P.L. 115-97)
modified the section 174 rules and beginning in 2022, taxpayers may no longer currently deduct R D expenditures but instead must amortize
specified R D expenditures ratably over five years (or 15 years for foreign expenditures). 

While some of these U.S. federal
income tax changes may adversely affect us in one or more reporting periods and prospectively, other changes may be beneficial on a going-forward
basis. We continue to work with our tax advisors and auditors to determine the full impact TCJA and the CARES Act will have on us. We
urge our investors to consult with their legal and tax advisors with respect to both TCJA and the CARES Act and the potential tax consequences
of investing in our Common Stock and Warrants. 

Our ability to use our net operating losses
and other tax attributes may be limited. 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had approximately 14.5 million of federal and 7.3 million of state net operating loss carryforwards NOLs ), available
to offset future taxable income. Under Sections 382 and 383 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, a corporation
that undergoes an ownership change, generally defined as a greater than 50 change by value in its equity ownership over
a three-year period is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change NOLs and other tax attributes such as research
tax credits to offset future taxable income. We have not performed an analysis to determine whether our past issuances of stock and other
changes in our stock ownership may have resulted in other ownership changes. If it is determined that we have in the past experienced
other ownership changes, or if we undergo one or more ownership changes as a result of future transactions in our stock, which may be
outside our control, then our ability to utilize NOLs and other pre-change tax attributes could be further limited by Sections 382 and
383 of the Code, and certain of our NOLs and other pre-change tax attributes may expire unused. As a result, if or when we earn net taxable
income, our ability to use our pre-change NOLs or other tax attributes to offset such taxable income or otherwise reduce any liability
for income taxes may be subject to limitations, which could adversely affect our future cash flows. 

30 

Unfavorable global economic conditions and adverse developments
with respect to financial institutions and associated liquidity risk could adversely affect our business, financial condition and stock
price. 

The global credit and financial markets are currently,
and have from time to time experienced extreme volatility and disruptions, including severely diminished liquidity and credit availability,
rising interest and inflation rates, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates and
uncertainty about economic stability. The financial markets and the global economy may also be adversely affected by the current or anticipated
impact of military conflict, including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, terrorism or other geopolitical events. Sanctions
imposed by the United States and other countries in response to such conflicts, including the one in Ukraine, may also adversely impact
the financial markets and the global economy, and any economic countermeasures by the affected countries or others could exacerbate market
and economic instability. More recently, the closures of Silicon Valley Bank, or SVB, and Signature Bank and their placement into receivership
with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or FDIC created bank-specific and broader financial institution liquidity risk and
concerns. Although the Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve, and the FDIC jointly released a statement that depositors at SVB
and Signature Bank would have access to their funds, even those in excess of the standard FDIC insurance limits, under a systemic risk
exception, future adverse developments with respect to specific financial institutions or the broader financial services industry may
lead to market-wide liquidity shortages, impair the ability of companies to access near-term working capital needs, and create additional
market and economic uncertainty. There can be no assurance that future credit and financial market instability and a deterioration in
confidence in economic conditions will not occur. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic downturn,
liquidity shortages, volatile business environment or continued unpredictable and unstable market conditions. If the equity and credit
markets deteriorate, or if adverse developments are experienced by financial institutions, it may cause short-term liquidity risk and
also make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly, more onerous with respect to financial and operating covenants
and more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect
on our growth strategy, financial performance and stock price and could require us to delay or abandon clinical development plans. In
addition, there is a risk that one or more of our current service providers, financial institutions, manufacturers and other partners
may be adversely affected by the foregoing risks, which could directly affect our ability to attain our operating goals on schedule and
on budget. 

If our labor costs continue to rise, including
due to shortages, changes in certification requirements and/or higher than normal turnover rates in skilled clinical personnel; or currently
pending or future governmental laws, rules, regulations or initiatives impose additional requirements or limitations on our operations
or profitability; or, if we are unable to attract and retain key leadership talent, we may experience disruptions in our business operations
and increases in operating expenses, among other things, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations,
financial condition and cash flows. 

We have incurred and expect to continue to incur
increased labor costs and experience staffing challenges related to COVID-19, the extent of which will depend on the severity and duration
of the pandemic, among other things. Furthermore, changes in certification requirements can impact our ability to maintain sufficient
staff levels, including to the extent our teammates are not able to meet new requirements, among other things. In addition, if we experience
a higher-than-normal turnover rate for our skilled clinical personnel, our operations and treatment growth may be negatively impacted,
which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We also face competition in attracting
and retaining talent for key leadership positions. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified individuals, we may experience disruptions
in our business operations, including, without limitation, our ability to achieve strategic goals, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Adverse developments affecting financial
institutions, companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, such as actual events or concerns
involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance, could adversely affect our operations and liquidity. 

Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions
or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events
of these kinds, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. 

Our access to our cash and cash equivalents in amounts adequate to finance our operations could be significantly impaired by the financial
institutions with which we have arrangements directly facing liquidity constraints or failures. In addition, investor concerns regarding
the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates
or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making
it more difficult for us to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. Any material decline in available funding or our ability
to access our cash and cash equivalents could adversely impact our ability to meet our operating expenses, result in breaches of our contractual
obligations or result in violations of federal or state wage and hour laws, any of which could have material adverse impacts on our operations
and liquidity. 

31 

Risks
Related to Development, Clinical Testing, Manufacturing, Regulatory Approval and Commercialization 

Clinical
trials are expensive, time-consuming and difficult to design and implement, and involve an uncertain outcome. 

Clinical
testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during
the clinical trial process. Because the results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future
results, our product candidates may not have favorable results in later preclinical and clinical studies or receive regulatory approval.
We may experience delays in initiating and completing any clinical trials that we intend to conduct, and we do not know whether planned
clinical trials will begin on time, need to be redesigned, enroll patients on time or be completed on schedule, or at all. Clinical trials
can be delayed for a variety of reasons, including delays related to: 

the FDA or comparable foreign
 regulatory authorities disagreeing as to the design or implementation of our clinical studies; 

obtaining regulatory approval
 to commence a trial; 

reaching an agreement on
 acceptable terms with prospective CROs, and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and
 may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; 

obtaining Institutional
 Review Board IRB ), approval at each site, or Independent Ethics Committee IEC ), approval at sites outside
 the United States; 

recruiting suitable patients
 to participate in a trial in a timely manner and in sufficient numbers; 

having patients complete
 a trial or return for post-treatment follow-up; 

imposition of a clinical
 hold by regulatory authorities, including as a result of unforeseen safety issues or side effects or failure of trial sites to adhere
 to regulatory requirements or follow trial protocols; 

clinical sites deviating
 from trial protocol or dropping out of a trial; 

addressing patient safety
 concerns that arise during the course of a trial; 

adding a sufficient number
 of clinical trial sites; or 

manufacturing sufficient
 quantities of product candidate for use in clinical trials. 

We
could also encounter delays if a clinical trial is suspended or terminated by us, the IRBs or IECs of the institutions in which such
trials are being conducted, the Data Safety Monitoring Board DSMB for such trial or the FDA or other regulatory authorities.
Such authorities may impose such a suspension or termination due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial
in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the
FDA or other regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects,
failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a drug, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate
funding to continue the clinical trial. Furthermore, we rely on CROs and clinical trial sites to ensure the proper and timely conduct
of our clinical trials and, while we have agreements governing their committed activities, we have limited influence over their actual
performance, as described in Risks Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties . 

32 

The
regulatory approval processes of the FDA and comparable foreign authorities are lengthy, time consuming and inherently unpredictable,
and if we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, our business will be substantially harmed. 

The
time required to obtain approval by the FDA and comparable foreign authorities is unpredictable but typically takes many years following
the commencement of clinical trials and depends upon numerous factors, including the substantial discretion of the regulatory authorities.
In addition, approval policies, regulations or the type and amount of clinical data necessary to gain regulatory approval may change
during the course of a product candidate s clinical development and may vary among jurisdictions. We have not obtained regulatory
approval for any product candidate and it is possible that we will never obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates. We are
not permitted to market any of our product candidates in the United States until we receive regulatory approval of an NDA from the
FDA. Our product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including the following: 

we may be unable to demonstrate
 to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that a product candidate is safe and effective for its
 proposed indication; 

serious and unexpected
 drug-related side effects experienced by participants in our clinical trials or by individuals using drugs similar to our product
 candidates, or other products containing the active ingredient in our product candidates; 

negative or ambiguous results
 from our clinical trials or results that may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA or comparable foreign
 regulatory authorities for approval; 

we may be unable to demonstrate
 that a product candidate s clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety risks; 

the FDA or comparable foreign
 regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; 

the data collected from
 clinical trials of our product candidates may not be acceptable or sufficient to support the submission of an NDA or other submission
 or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere, and we may be required to conduct additional clinical trials; 

the FDA or comparable foreign
 authorities may disagree regarding the formulation, labeling and/or the specifications of our product candidates; 

the FDA or comparable foreign
 regulatory authorities may fail to approve or find deficiencies with the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers
 with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and 

the approval policies or
 regulations of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data
 insufficient for approval. 

Prior
to obtaining approval to commercialize a product candidate in the United States or abroad, we must demonstrate with substantial
evidence from well-controlled clinical trials, and to the satisfaction of the FDA or foreign regulatory agencies, that such product candidates
are safe and effective for their intended uses. Results from preclinical studies and clinical trials can be interpreted in different
ways. Even if we believe the preclinical or clinical data for our product candidates are promising, such data may not be sufficient to
support approval by the FDA and other regulatory authorities. 

33 

The
FDA or any foreign regulatory bodies can delay, limit or deny approval of our product candidates or require us to conduct additional
preclinical or clinical testing or abandon a program for many reasons, including: 

the FDA or comparable foreign
 regulatory authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials; 

the FDA or comparable foreign
 regulatory authorities may disagree with our safety interpretation of our product candidate; 

the FDA or comparable foreign
 regulatory authorities may disagree with our efficacy interpretation of our product candidate; 

the FDA or comparable foreign
 regulatory authorities may regard our CMC package as inadequate. 

Of
the large number of drugs in development, only a small percentage successfully complete the regulatory approval processes and are commercialized.
This lengthy approval process, as well as the unpredictability of future clinical trial results, may result in our failing to obtain
regulatory approval to market our product candidates, which would significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects. 

In
addition, the FDA or the applicable foreign regulatory agency also may approve a product candidate for a more limited indication or patient
population than we originally requested, and the FDA or applicable foreign regulatory agency may approve a product candidate with a label
that does not include the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of that product candidate. Any
of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the commercial prospects for our product candidates. 

We
may encounter substantial delays in our planned clinical trials, or may not be able to conduct or complete our clinical trials on the
timelines we expect, if at all. 

Our
planned clinical trials are expected to be expensive, time consuming, and subject to uncertainty. We cannot guarantee that any clinical
trials will be conducted as planned or completed on schedule, if at all. We cannot be sure that submission of an IND or, in the case
of the European Medicines Agency (the EMA ), a clinical trial application (a CTA ), will result in the FDA
or EMA allowing clinical trials to begin in a timely manner, if at all. Moreover, even if these trials begin, issues may arise that could
suspend or terminate such clinical trials. A failure of one or more clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing, and our future
clinical trials may not be successful. Events that may prevent successful or timely initiation or completion of clinical trials include: 

inability
 to generate sufficient preclinical, toxicology, or other in vivo or in vitro data to support
 the initiation or continuation of clinical trials; 

delays
 in confirming target engagement, patient selection or other relevant biomarkers to be utilized
 in preclinical and clinical product candidate development; 

delays
 in reaching a consensus with regulatory agencies on study design; 

delays
 in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective contract research organizations
 CROs and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive
 negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and clinical trial sites; 

delays
 in identifying, recruiting and training suitable clinical investigators; 

delays
 in obtaining required IRB approval at each clinical trial site; 

34 

imposition
 of a temporary or permanent clinical hold by regulatory agencies for a number of reasons,
 including, but not limited to, after review of an IND or amendment, CTA or amendment, or
 equivalent application or amendment; as a result of a new safety finding that presents unreasonable
 risk to clinical trial participants; a negative finding from an inspection of our clinical
 trial operations or study sites; developments in trials conducted by competitors that raise
 FDA or EMA concerns about risk to patients broadly; or if the FDA or EMA finds that the investigational
 protocol or plan is clearly deficient to meet its stated objectives; 

delays
 or difficulties resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic; 

delays
 in identifying, recruiting and enrolling suitable patients to participate in our clinical
 trials, and delays caused by patients withdrawing from clinical trials or failing to return
 for post-treatment follow-up; 

difficulty
 collaborating with patient groups and investigators; 

failure
 by our CROs, other third parties, or us to adhere to clinical trial requirements; 

failure
 to perform in accordance with the FDA s or any other regulatory authority s current
 good clinical practices, requirements, or applicable EMA or other regulatory guidelines in
 other countries; 

occurrence
 of adverse events associated with a product candidate that are viewed to outweigh its potential
 benefits; 

changes
 in regulatory requirements and guidance that require amending or submitting new clinical
 protocols; 

changes
 in the standard of care on which a clinical development plan was based, which may require
 new or additional trials; 

the
 cost of clinical trials of our product candidates being greater than we anticipate; 

clinical
 trials of our product candidates producing negative or inconclusive results, which may result
 in our deciding, or regulators requiring us, to conduct additional clinical trials or abandon
 product development programs; and 

delays
 in manufacturing, testing, releasing, validating, or importing/exporting sufficient stable
 quantities of our product candidates for use in clinical trials or the inability to do any
 of the foregoing. 

Any
inability to successfully initiate or complete future clinical trials could result in additional costs to us or impair our ability to
generate revenue. In addition, if we make manufacturing or formulation changes to our product candidates, we may be required to or we
may elect to conduct additional studies to bridge our modified product candidates to earlier versions. Clinical trial delays could also
shorten any periods during which our products have patent protection and may allow our competitors to bring products to market before
we do, which could impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and may harm our business and results of operations. 

We
could also encounter delays if a clinical trial is suspended or terminated by us, by the data safety monitoring board for such trial
or by the FDA, EMA or any other regulatory authority, or if the IRBs of the institutions in which such trials are being conducted suspend
or terminate the participation of their clinical investigators and sites subject to their review. Such authorities may suspend or terminate
a clinical trial due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements
or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA, EMA or other regulatory authorities
resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from
using a product candidate, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the
clinical trial. 

35 

Our
preclinical programs may experience delays or may never advance to clinical trials, which would adversely affect our ability to obtain
regulatory approvals or commercialize these programs on a timely basis or at all. 

In
order to obtain FDA or other regulatory authority approval to market a new biological product we must demonstrate proof of safety, purity
and potency, and efficacy in humans. To meet these requirements we will have to conduct adequate and well-controlled clinical trials.
Before we can commence clinical trials for a product candidate, we must complete extensive preclinical testing and studies that support
our planned INDs in the United States. We cannot be certain of the timely completion or outcome of our preclinical testing and studies
and cannot predict if the FDA will accept our proposed clinical programs or if the outcome of our preclinical testing and studies will
ultimately support the further development of our programs. As a result, we cannot be sure that we will be able to submit INDs or similar
applications for our preclinical programs on the timelines we expect, if at all, and we cannot be sure that submission of INDs or similar
applications will result in the FDA or other regulatory authorities allowing clinical trials to begin. 

Conducting
preclinical testing is a lengthy, time-consuming and expensive process. The length of time may vary substantially according to the type,
complexity and novelty of the program, and often can be several years or more per program. Any delays in preclinical testing and studies
conducted by us or potential future partners may cause us to incur additional operating expenses. The commencement and rate of completion
of preclinical studies and clinical trials for a product candidate may be delayed by many factors, including, for example: 

inability
 to generate sufficient preclinical or other in vivo or in vitro data
 to support the initiation of clinical trials; 

delays
 in reaching a consensus with regulatory agencies on study design; and 

the
 FDA not allowing us to rely on previous findings of safety and efficacy for other similar
 but approved products and published scientific literature. 

Moreover,
because standards for pre-clinical assessment are evolving and may change rapidly, even if we reach an agreement with the FDA on a pre-IND
proposal, the FDA may not accept the IND submission as presented, in which case patient enrollment would be placed on partial or complete
hold and treatment of enrolled patients could be discontinued while the product candidate is re-evaluated. Even if clinical trials do
begin for our preclinical programs, our clinical trials or development efforts may not be successful. 

We
may attempt to secure approval from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities through an expedited review program, and if
we are unable to do so, then we could face increased expense to obtain, and delays in the receipt of, necessary marketing approvals.

We
may in the future seek approval for one or more of our future product candidates under one of the FDA s expedited review programs
for serious conditions. These programs are available to sponsors of therapies that address an unmet medical need to treat a serious condition.
The qualifying criteria and requirements vary for each expedited program. Prior to seeking review under one of these expedited programs
for any of our future product candidates, we intend to seek feedback from the FDA and will otherwise evaluate our ability to seek and
receive marketing approval through an expedited review program. 

There
can be no assurance that, after our evaluation of the FDA s feedback and other factors, we will decide to pursue one or more of
these expedited review programs. Similarly, there can be no assurance that after subsequent FDA feedback we will continue to pursue one
or more of these expedited programs, even if we initially decide to do so. Furthermore, FDA could decide not to grant our request to
use one or more of the expedited review programs for a product candidate, even if the FDA s initial feedback is that the product
candidate would qualify for such program(s). Moreover, FDA can decide to stop reviewing a product candidate under one or more of these
expedited review programs if, for example, the conditions that warranted expedited review no longer apply to that product candidate. 

Some
of these expedited programs (e.g., accelerated approval) also require post-marketing clinical trials to be completed and, if any such
required trial fails, the FDA could withdraw the approval of the product. If one of our future product candidates does not qualify for
any expedited review program, then this could result in a longer time period to approval and commercialization of such product candidate,
could increase the cost of development of such product candidate, and could harm our competitive position in the marketplace. 

36 

We
may seek Orphan Drug Designation for our product candidates, and we may be unsuccessful or may be unable to maintain the benefits associated
with Orphan Drug Designation, including the potential for market exclusivity. 

We
have received Orphan Drug Designation for our PAS-004 product candidate for the treatment of NF1. Regulatory authorities in some
jurisdictions, including the United States and Europe, may designate drugs for relatively small patient populations as orphan drugs.
Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may designate a drug as an orphan drug if it is a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition,
which is generally defined as a patient population of fewer than 200,000 individuals annually in the United States, or a patient population
greater than 200,000 in the United States where there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing the drug will be recovered
from sales in the United States. In the United States, Orphan Drug Designation may entitle a party to financial incentives such as grant
funding towards clinical trial costs, tax advantages and user-fee waivers. 

Similarly,
in Europe, the European Commission grants Orphan Drug Designation after receiving the opinion of the EMA Committee for Orphan Medicinal
Products on an Orphan Drug Designation application. Orphan Drug Designation is intended to promote the development of drugs that are
intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of life-threatening or chronically debilitating conditions affecting not more than
5 in 10,000 persons in Europe and for which no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention, or treatment has been authorized (or the
product would be a significant benefit to those affected). Additionally, designation is granted for drugs intended for the diagnosis,
prevention, or treatment of a life-threatening, seriously debilitating or serious and chronic condition and when, without incentives,
it is unlikely that sales of the drug in Europe would be sufficient to justify the necessary investment in developing the drug. In Europe,
Orphan Drug Designation may entitle a party to a number of incentives, such as protocol assistance and scientific advice specifically
for designated orphan medicines, and potential fee reductions depending on the status of the sponsor. 

Generally,
if a drug with an Orphan Drug Designation subsequently receives the first marketing approval for the indication for which it has such
designation, the drug is entitled to a period of marketing exclusivity, which precludes the EMA or the FDA from approving another marketing
application for the same drug and indication for that time period, except in limited circumstances. The applicable period is seven years
in the United States and ten years in Europe. The European exclusivity period can be reduced to six years if a drug no longer meets the
criteria for Orphan Drug Designation or if the drug is sufficiently profitable such that market exclusivity is no longer justified. 

Even
if we obtain orphan drug exclusivity for our product candidates, that exclusivity may not effectively protect those product candidates
from competition because different therapies can be approved for the same condition and the same therapies can be approved for different
conditions but used off-label. Even after an orphan drug is approved, the FDA can subsequently approve another drug for the same condition
if the FDA concludes that the later drug is clinically superior in that it is shown to be safer, more effective or makes a major contribution
to patient care. In addition, a designated orphan drug may not receive orphan drug exclusivity if it is approved for a use that is broader
than the indication for which it received orphan designation. Moreover, orphan drug exclusive marketing rights in the United States may
be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure
sufficient quantity of the drug to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. Orphan Drug Designation neither shortens
the development time or regulatory review time of a drug nor gives the drug any advantage in the regulatory review or approval process.
While we may seek Orphan Drug Designation for applicable indications for our product candidates, we may never receive such designations.
Even if we do receive such designations, there is no guarantee that we will enjoy the benefits of those designations. 

37 

We
may not identify or discover other product candidates and may fail to capitalize on programs or product candidates that may present a
greater commercial opportunity or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 

Our
business depends upon our ability to identify, develop and commercialize product candidates. A key element of our strategy is to discover
and develop additional product candidates based upon our Treg Modalities. We are seeking to do so through our internal research programs,
and may also explore strategic collaborations for the discovery of new product candidates. Research programs to identify product candidates
require substantial technical, financial and human resources, whether or not any product candidates are ultimately identified. In addition,
targets for different neurodegenerative and auto immune diseases may require changes to our cell manufacturing platform, which may slow
down development or make it impossible to manufacture our product candidates. Our research programs may initially show promise in identifying
potential product candidates, yet fail to yield product candidates for clinical development for many reasons, including the following: 

the
 research methodology or technology modality used may not be successful in identifying potential
 product candidates; 

competitors
 may develop alternatives that render our product candidates obsolete or less attractive; 

we
 may choose to cease development if we determine that clinical results do not show promise; 

product
 candidates we develop may nevertheless be covered by third-party patents or other exclusive
 rights; 

a
 product candidate may be shown to have harmful side effects or other characteristics that
 indicate it is unlikely to be effective or otherwise does not meet applicable regulatory
 criteria; and 

a
 product candidate may not be accepted as safe and effective by patients, the medical community
 or third-party payors. 

Because
we have limited resources, we must choose to pursue and fund the development of specific types of treatment, and we may forego or delay
pursuit of opportunities with certain programs or product candidates or for indications that later prove to have greater commercial potential.
Our estimates regarding the potential market for our product candidates could be inaccurate, and if we do not accurately evaluate the
commercial potential for a particular product candidate, we may relinquish valuable rights to that product candidate through strategic
collaboration, licensing or other arrangements in cases in which it would have been more advantageous for us to retain sole development
and commercialization rights to such product candidate. Alternatively, we may allocate internal resources to a product candidate in a
therapeutic area in which it would have been more advantageous to enter into a partnering arrangement. 

If
any of these events occur, we may be forced to abandon or delay our development efforts with respect to a particular product candidate
or fail to develop a potentially successful product candidate. 

If
any of our product candidates are approved for marketing and commercialization and we have not developed or secured third- party marketing,
sales and distribution capabilities, we will be unable to successfully commercialize such products and may not be able to generate product
revenue. 

We
currently have no sales, marketing or distribution organizational experience or capabilities. We will need to develop internal sales,
marketing and distribution capabilities to commercialize any product candidate that gains FDA or other regulatory authority approval,
which would be expensive and time-consuming, or enter into partnerships with third parties to perform these services. If we decide to
market any approved products directly, we will need to commit significant financial and managerial resources to develop a marketing and
sales force with technical expertise and supporting distribution, administration and compliance capabilities. If we rely on third parties
to market products or decide to co-promote products with partners, we will need to establish and maintain marketing and distribution
arrangements with third parties, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to enter into such arrangements on acceptable terms
or at all. 

38 

We
will face significant competition in seeking appropriate strategic partners and the negotiation process is time-consuming and complex.
Whether we reach a definitive agreement for other collaborations will depend, among other things, upon our assessment of the collaborator s
resources and expertise, the terms and conditions of the proposed collaboration and the proposed collaborator s evaluation of a
number of factors. Those factors may include the design or results of clinical trials, the progress of our clinical trials, the likelihood
of approval by the FDA or similar regulatory authorities outside the United States, the potential market for the subject product candidate,
the costs and complexities of manufacturing and delivering such product candidate to patients, the potential of competing products, the
existence of uncertainty with respect to our ownership of technology, which can exist if there is a challenge to such ownership without
regard to the merits of the challenge and industry and market conditions generally. The collaborator may also consider alternative product
candidates or technologies for similar indications that may be available to collaborate on and whether such a collaboration could be
more attractive than the one with us for our product candidate. Further, we may not be successful in our efforts to establish a strategic
partnership or other alternative arrangements for future product candidates because they may be deemed to be at too early of a stage
of development for collaborative effort and third parties may not view them as having the requisite potential to demonstrate safety and
efficacy. Any delays in entering into new collaborations or strategic partnership agreements related to any product candidate we develop
could delay the development and commercialization of our product candidates, which would harm our business prospects, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

The
FDA and other regulatory agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting pre-approval promotion and the promotion of off-label
uses. 

The
FDA prohibits the pre-approval promotion of drugs as safe and effective for the purposes for which they are under investigation. Similarly,
the FDA prohibits the promotion of approved drugs for new or unapproved indications. If the FDA finds that we have engaged in pre-approval
promotion of our future product candidates, or if any of our future product candidates are approved and we are found to have improperly
promoted off-label uses of those products, we may become subject to significant liability. The FDA and other regulatory agencies strictly
regulate the promotional claims that may be made about prescription products, such as our future product candidates, if approved. In
particular, an approved product may not be promoted for uses that are not approved by the FDA or such other regulatory agencies as reflected
in the product s approved labeling. If we receive marketing approval for a product candidate, physicians may nevertheless prescribe
it to their patients in a manner that is inconsistent with the approved label, which is within their purview as part of their practice
of medicine. If we are found to have promoted such off-label uses, however, we may become subject to significant liability. The U.S.
federal government has levied large civil and criminal fines against companies for alleged improper promotion of off-label use and has
enjoined several companies from engaging in off-label promotion. The FDA has also requested that companies enter into consent decrees
or permanent injunctions under which specified promotional conduct is changed or curtailed. The FDA may also issue a public warning letter
or untitled letter to the company. If we cannot successfully manage the promotion of our future approved products, we could become subject
to significant liability, which would materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

Our
business activities may be subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or the FCPA, and similar anti-bribery and anti-corruption
laws of other countries in which we operate, as well as U.S. and certain foreign export controls, trade sanctions, and import laws and
regulations. Compliance with these legal requirements could limit our ability to compete in foreign markets and subject us to liability
if we violate them. 

If
we further expand our operations outside of the United States, we must dedicate additional resources to comply with numerous laws and
regulations in each jurisdiction in which we plan to operate. Our business activities may be subject to the FCPA and similar anti-bribery
or anti-corruption laws, regulations or rules of other countries in which we operate. The FCPA generally prohibits companies and their
employees and third-party intermediaries from offering, promising, giving or authorizing the provision of anything of value, either directly
or indirectly, to a non-U.S. government official in order to influence official action or otherwise obtain or retain business. The FCPA
also requires public companies to make and keep books and records that accurately and fairly reflect the transactions of the corporation
and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. Our business is heavily regulated and therefore involves
significant interaction with public officials, including officials of non-U.S. governments. Additionally, in many other countries, hospitals
owned and operated by the government, and doctors and other hospital employees would be considered foreign officials under the FCPA.
Recently the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and Department of Justice DOJ have increased their
FCPA enforcement activities with respect to biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. There is no certainty that all of our employees,
agents or contractors, or those of our affiliates, will comply with all applicable laws and regulations, particularly given the high
level of complexity of these laws. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our
officers or our employees, disgorgement, and other sanctions and remedial measures, and prohibitions on the conduct of our business.
Any such violations could include prohibitions on our ability to offer our products in one or more countries and could materially damage
our reputation, our brand, our international activities, our ability to attract and retain employees and our business, prospects, operating
results and financial condition. 

39 

In
addition, our products and technology may be subject to U.S. and foreign export controls, trade sanctions and import laws and regulations.
Governmental regulation of the import or export of our products and technology, or our failure to obtain any required import or export
authorization for our products, when applicable, could harm our international sales and adversely affect our revenue. Compliance with
applicable regulatory requirements regarding the export of our products may create delays in the introduction of our products in international
markets or, in some cases, prevent the export of our products to some countries altogether. Furthermore, U.S. export control laws and
economic sanctions prohibit the shipment of certain products and services to countries, governments, and persons targeted by U.S. sanctions.
If we fail to comply with export and import regulations and such economic sanctions, penalties could be imposed, including fines and/or
denial of certain export privileges. Moreover, any new export or import restrictions, new legislation or shifting approaches in the enforcement
or scope of existing regulations, or in the countries, persons, or products targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use
of our products by, or in our decreased ability to export our products to existing or potential customers with international operations.
Any decreased use of our products or limitation on our ability to export or sell access to our products would likely adversely affect
our business. 

Our
business involves the use of hazardous materials and we and our third-party manufacturers and suppliers must comply with environmental
laws and regulations, which can be expensive and restrict how we do business. 

Our
research and development activities and our third-party manufacturers and suppliers activities involve the controlled storage,
use and disposal of hazardous materials owned by us. We and our manufacturers and suppliers are subject to laws and regulations governing
the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of these hazardous materials. In some cases, these hazardous materials and various
wastes resulting from their use are stored at our manufacturers facilities pending their use and disposal. 

We
cannot eliminate the risk of contamination, which could cause an interruption of our research and development efforts and business operations,
environmental damage resulting in costly clean-up and liabilities under applicable laws and regulations governing the use, storage, handling
and disposal of these materials and specified waste products. Although we believe that the safety procedures utilized by our third-party
manufacturers and suppliers for handling and disposing of these materials generally comply with the standards prescribed by these laws
and regulations, we cannot guarantee that this is the case or eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials.
In such an event, we may be held liable for any resulting damages and such liability could exceed our resources and state or federal
or other applicable authorities may curtail our use of certain materials and/or interrupt our business operations. Furthermore, environmental
laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent over time. We cannot predict the impact
of such changes and cannot be certain of our future compliance. We do not currently carry biological or hazardous waste insurance coverage.
Any contamination by such hazardous materials could therefore materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results
of operations and growth prospects. 

Disruptions
in the global economy and supply chains may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The
disruptions to the global economy which began in 2020 have impeded global supply chains, resulting in longer lead times and also increased
critical component costs and freight expenses. We have taken and may have to take steps to minimize the impact of these disruptions in
lead times and increased costs by working closely with our suppliers and other third parties on whom we rely for the conduct of our business.
Despite the actions we may have to undertake to minimize the impacts from disruptions to the global economy, there can be no assurances
that unforeseen future events in the global supply chain will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

Furthermore,
inflation can adversely affect us by increasing the costs of clinical trials, the research and development of our product candidates,
as well as administration and other costs of doing business. We may experience increases in the prices of labor and other costs of doing
business. In an inflationary environment, cost increases may outpace our expectations, causing us to use our cash and other liquid assets
faster than forecasted. If this happens, we may need to raise additional capital to fund our operations, which may not be available in
sufficient amounts or on reasonable terms, if at all, sooner than expected. 

40 

Risks
Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties 

We
rely completely on third parties to supply drug substance and manufacture drug product for our clinical trials and preclinical studies.
We intend to rely on other third parties to produce commercial supplies of product candidates, and our dependence on third parties could
adversely impact our business. 

We
are completely dependent on third-party suppliers of the drug substance and drug product for our product candidates. If third-party suppliers
do not supply sufficient quantities of materials to us on a timely basis and in accordance with applicable specifications and other regulatory
requirements, there could be a significant interruption of our supplies, which would adversely affect clinical development and commercialization.
Furthermore, if any of our contract manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications within
regulatory requirements, we will not be able to secure and/or maintain regulatory approval, if any, for our product candidates. 

We
currently only use one CMO for the production of PAS-004 drug substance and we plan to utilize the same manufacturer for the production
of drug product for our clinical trials. The termination of this relationship would result in a disruption to our product development
and our business may be harmed. 

We
also rely on our contract manufacturers to purchase from third-party suppliers the materials necessary to produce our product candidates
for our anticipated clinical trials. We do not have any control over the process or timing of the acquisition of raw materials by our
contract manufacturers. Moreover, we currently do not have agreements in place for the commercial production of these raw materials.
Any significant delay in the supply of a product candidate or the raw material components thereof for an ongoing clinical trial, including
as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, could considerably delay completion of that clinical
trial, product candidate testing, and potential regulatory approval of that product candidate. 

We
do not expect to have the resources or capacity to commercially manufacture any of our proposed product candidates if approved and will
likely continue to be dependent on third-party manufacturers. Our dependence on third parties to manufacture and supply clinical trial
materials and any approved product candidates may adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates on
a timely basis. 

We
have in the past relied and expect to continue to rely on third-party CROs and other third parties to conduct and oversee our research
programs, preclinical studies, planned clinical trials and other aspects of product development. If these third parties do not meet our
requirements or otherwise operate as required, we may not be able to satisfy our contractual obligations or obtain regulatory approval
for, or commercialize, our product candidates when expected or at all. 

We
have in the past relied and expect to continue to rely on third-party CROs to conduct and oversee our research programs, preclinical
studies, clinical trials and other aspects of product development. We will also rely upon various medical institutions, clinical investigators
and contract laboratories to conduct our trials in accordance with our clinical protocols and all applicable regulatory requirements,
including the FDA s regulations and GCPs, which are an international standard meant to protect the rights and health of patients
and to define the roles of clinical trial sponsors, administrators and monitors, and state regulations governing the handling, storage,
security and recordkeeping for drug and biologic products. These CROs and other third parties will play a significant role in the conduct
of these trials and the subsequent collection and analysis of data from our planned clinical trials. We will rely heavily on these parties
for the execution of our clinical trials and preclinical studies, and control only certain aspects of their activities. We and our CROs
and other third-party contractors are required to comply with GCP, GLP, and GACP requirements, which are regulations and guidelines enforced
by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities for products in clinical development. Regulatory authorities enforce these GCP,
GLP and GACP requirements through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators and trial sites. If we or any of these
third parties fail to comply with applicable GCP, GLP and GACP requirements, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be
deemed unreliable and the FDA or other regulatory authority may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our
or our partners marketing applications. We cannot assure you that upon inspection by a given regulatory authority, such regulatory
authority will determine that any of our clinical or preclinical trials complies with applicable GCP and GLP requirements. In addition,
our clinical trials must generally be conducted with product produced under cGMP regulations. Our failure to comply with these regulations
and policies may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. 

41 

Our
CROs are not our employees, and we do not control whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to our preclinical or clinical
trials. Our CROs may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting
clinical trials, or other drug development activities, which could harm our competitive position. We face the risk of potential unauthorized
disclosure or misappropriation of our intellectual property by CROs, which may reduce our trade secret protection and allow our potential
competitors to access and exploit our proprietary technology. If our CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations,
fail to meet expected deadlines, or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to
adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory requirements or for any other reason, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or
terminated, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for, or successfully commercialize any product candidate that we develop.
As a result, our financial results and the commercial prospects for any product candidate that we may develop would be harmed, our costs
could increase, and our ability to generate revenue could be delayed. 

If
any of our CROs or clinical trial sites terminate their involvement in one of our preclinical studies or clinical trials for any reason,
we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs or clinical trial sites, or do so on commercially reasonable terms.
In addition, if our relationship with clinical trial sites is terminated, we may experience the loss of follow-up information on patients
unless we are able to transfer the care of those patients to another qualified clinical trial site. In addition, principal investigators
for our clinical trials may serve as scientific advisors or consultants to us from time to time and could receive cash or equity compensation
in connection with such services. If these relationships and any related compensation result in perceived or actual conflicts of interest,
the integrity of the data generated at the applicable clinical trial site may be questioned by the FDA. 

We
also rely on research institutions to conduct our research programs, preclinical studies and planned clinical trials. Our reliance upon
research institutions, including hospitals and clinics, provides us with less control over the timing and cost of clinical trials and
the ability to recruit subjects. If we are unable to reach agreement with suitable research institutions on acceptable terms, or if any
resulting agreement is terminated, we may be unable to quickly replace the research institution with another qualified institution on
acceptable terms. Even if we do replace the institution, we may incur additional costs to conduct the trial at the new institution. We
may not be able to secure and maintain suitable research institutions to conduct our clinical trials. 

If
we enter into collaborations with third parties to develop or commercialize our product candidates, our prospects with respect to those
product candidates will depend in significant part on the success of those collaborations. 

If we enter
into future collaboration with third parties, we could face the following risks: 

collaborators
 have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply
 to these collaborations; 

collaborators
 could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly
 or indirectly with our products or product candidates; 

collaborators
 may not properly enforce, maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use
 our proprietary information in a way that gives rise to actual or threatened litigation that
 could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose
 us to potential litigation, or other intellectual property proceedings; 

disputes
 may arise between a collaborator and us that cause the delay or termination of the research,
 development or commercialization of the product candidate, or that result in costly litigation
 or arbitration that diverts management attention and resources; 

if
 a present or future collaborator of ours were to be involved in a business combination, the
 continued pursuit and emphasis on our product development or commercialization program under
 such collaboration could be delayed, diminished or terminated; and 

collaboration
 agreements may restrict our right to independently pursue new product candidates. 

42 

If
conflicts arise between our collaborators and us, our collaborators may act in a manner adverse to us and could limit our ability to
implement our strategies. Future collaborators may develop, either alone or with others, products in related fields that are competitive
with the products or potential products that are the subject of these collaborations. Competing products, either developed by the collaborators
or to which the collaborators have rights, may result in the withdrawal of support for our product candidates. Our collaborators may
preclude us from entering into collaborations with their competitors, fail to obtain timely regulatory approvals, terminate their agreements
with us prematurely or fail to devote sufficient resources to the development and commercialization of products. Any of these developments
could harm our product development efforts. 

As
a result, if we enter into additional collaboration agreements and strategic partnerships or license our intellectual property, products
or businesses, we may not be able to realize the benefit of such transactions if we are unable to successfully integrate them with our
existing operations, which could delay our timelines or otherwise adversely affect our business. We also cannot be certain that, following
a strategic transaction or license, we will achieve the revenue or specific net income that justifies such transaction. 

Risks Related to Our Securities 

The price of our Common Stock and Warrants
may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

The market price of our Common
Stock and Warrants are highly volatile and for the year ended December 31, 2022, the market price of our Common Stock ranged from 0.54
to 1.83 per share and the market price of our Warrants ranged from 0.02 to 0.42. The recent fluctuations in our trading price and future
trading in our Common Stock and Warrants may be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a variety of factors, including the following: 

the timing and results
 of preclinical studies and clinical trials of our future product candidates or those of our competitors; 

the success of competitive
 products or announcements by potential competitors of their product development efforts; 

regulatory actions with
 respect to our or our competitors product candidates or products; 

actual or anticipated changes
 in our growth rate relative to our competitors; 

regulatory or legal developments
 in the United States and other countries; 

developments or disputes
 concerning patent applications, issued patents or other proprietary rights; 

the recruitment or departure
 of key personnel; 

announcements by us or
 our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic collaborations, joint ventures, or capital commitments; 

actual or anticipated changes
 in estimates as to financial results, development timelines or recommendations by securities analysts; 

fluctuations in the valuation
 of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us; 

market conditions in the
 pharmaceutical and biotechnology sector; 

changes in the structure
 of healthcare payment systems; 

price and volume fluctuations
 attributable to inconsistent trading volume levels of our securities; 

announcement or expectation
 of additional financing efforts; 

sales
 of our Common Stock and Warrants by us, our insiders or our other stockholders; 

expiration of market stand-off
 or lock-up agreements; and 

general economic, industry
 and market conditions. 

These and other market and
industry factors may cause the market price and demand for our Common Stock and Warrants to fluctuate substantially, regardless of our
actual operating performance, which may limit or prevent investors from readily selling their shares of Common Stock or Warrants and may
otherwise negatively affect the liquidity of our common stock and Warrants. In addition, the stock market in general, and Nasdaq Capital
Markets and emerging growth companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated
or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. In the past, when the market price of a security has been volatile,
holders of that security have instituted securities class action litigation against the company that issued the security. If any of our
stockholders brought a lawsuit against us, we could incur substantial costs defending the lawsuit. Such a lawsuit could also divert the
time and attention of our management. 

Our Warrants may not have any
value. 

There
can be no assurance that the market price of our Common Stock will ever equal or exceed the exercise price of our outstanding Warrants.
In the event that our Common Stock price does not exceed the exercise price of the Warrants during the period when the Warrants are exercisable,
the Warrants may not have any value. 

43 

A
Warrant does not entitle the holder to any rights as common stockholders until the holder exercises the Warrant for a share of our Common
Stock. 

Until
you acquire shares of our Common Stock upon exercise of your Warrants, your Warrants will not provide you any rights as a common stockholder.
Upon exercise of your Warrants, you will be entitled to exercise the rights of a common stockholder only as to matters for which the
record date occurs after the exercise date. 

If securities or industry analysts do not
publish research or reports, or if they publish adverse or misleading research or reports, regarding us, our business or our market, the
price and trading volume of our Common Stock and Warrants could decline. 

The trading market for our
Common Stock and Warrants is influenced by the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us, our business
or our market. We do not currently have and may never obtain research coverage by securities or industry analysts. If no or few securities
or industry analysts commence coverage of us, the stock price would be negatively impacted. In the event we obtain securities or industry
analyst coverage, if any of the analysts who cover us issue adverse or misleading research or reports regarding us, our business model,
our future intellectual property, our stock performance or our market, or if our operating results fail to meet the expectations of analysts,
the price of our Common Stock and Warrants would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish
reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause the price of our Common Stock and
Warrants or trading volume to decline. 

Our
quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly or may fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, each
of which may cause our stock price to fluctuate or decline. 

Our
operating results are subject to quarterly fluctuations. Our net loss and other operating results are affected by numerous factors, including: 

variations
 in the level of expense related to the ongoing development of our future product candidates or future development programs; 

results of clinical trials,
 or the addition or termination of clinical trials or funding support by us or potential future partners; 

our execution of any collaboration,
 licensing or similar arrangements, and the timing of payments we may make or receive under potential future arrangements or the termination
 or modification of any such potential future arrangements; 

any intellectual property
 infringement, misappropriation or violation lawsuit or opposition, interference or cancellation proceeding in which we may become
 involved; 

additions and departures
 of key personnel; 

strategic decisions by
 us or our competitors, such as acquisitions, divestitures, spin-offs, joint ventures, strategic investments or changes in business
 strategy; 

if any of our future product
 candidates receive regulatory approval, the terms of such approval and market acceptance and demand for such approved products; 

regulatory developments
 affecting our future product candidates, or those of our competitors; and 

changes in general market
 and economic conditions. 

If our quarterly operating
results fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the price of our Common Stock and Warrants could decline substantially.
Furthermore, any quarterly fluctuations in our operating results may, in turn, cause the price of our Common Stock and Warrants to fluctuate
substantially. We believe that quarterly comparisons of our financial results are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied
upon as an indication of our future performance. 

44 

If we fail to maintain an effective system
of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result,
stockholders could lose confidence in our financial and other public reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of
our Common Stock and Warrants. 

Effective
internal controls over financial reporting are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure
controls and procedures, are designed to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered
in their implementation could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. In addition, any testing by us conducted in connection
with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or any subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm, may reveal
deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses or that may require prospective
or retroactive changes to our financial statements or identify other areas for further attention or improvement. Inferior internal controls
could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading
price of our securities. 

We
are required to disclose changes made in our internal controls and procedures on a quarterly basis and our management is required to
assess the effectiveness of these controls annually. However, for as long as we are an emerging growth company, our independent registered
public accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant
to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the last
day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of 1.235 billion or more; (ii) the last day of our fiscal year following
the fifth anniversary of the date of our offering; (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in nonconvertible debt
during the previous three years; or (iv) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the SEC.
An independent assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting could detect problems that our management s
assessment might not. Undetected material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting could lead to restatements of
our financial statements and require us to incur the expense of remediation. 

We are an emerging growth company, 
and we cannot be certain if the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our Common Stock and
Warrants less attractive to investors. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company,
we intend to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are
not emerging growth companies, including: 

being permitted
 to provide only two years of audited financial statements, in addition to any required unaudited interim financial statements, with
 correspondingly reduced Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 disclosure in this 10-K; 

not being required to comply
 with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

not being required to comply
 with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation
 or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements; 

reduced disclosure obligations
 regarding executive compensation in this 10-K and our periodic reports and proxy statements; and 

exemptions from the requirements
 of holding nonbinding advisory stockholder votes on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments
 not previously approved. 

45 

We cannot predict if investors
will find our securities less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest to occur of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have more than
 1.235 billion in annual revenue; (2) the date we qualify as a large accelerated filer, with at least 700 million of equity
securities held by non-affiliates; (3) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during
the prior three-year period; and (4) the last day of the fiscal year ending after the fifth anniversary of our offering. 

Pursuant
to the JOBS Act, as an emerging growth company, we have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards to delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private
companies. 

The
requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, result in more litigation and divert management s attention. 

As
a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or the Dodd-Frank Act, the listing requirements of Nasdaq and other applicable securities rules and
regulations. Complying with these rules and regulations increases legal and financial compliance costs, makes some activities more difficult,
time consuming or costly and increases demand on our systems and resources, including management. The Exchange Act requires, among other
things, that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and operating results. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act
requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting.
We are required to disclose changes made in our internal control and procedures on a quarterly basis. In order to maintain and, if required,
improve our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard, significant resources
and management oversight may be required. As a result, management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which
could adversely affect our business and operating results. We may also need to hire additional employees or engage outside consultants
to comply with these requirements, which will increase our costs and expenses. 

In
addition, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for
public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs and making some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations
and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity and, as a result, their application
in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty
regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to
invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative
expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If our
efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due
to ambiguities related to their application and practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business
may be adversely affected. 

These new rules and regulations
may make it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and, in the future, we may be required to accept
reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract
and retain qualified members of our Board, particularly to serve on our Audit Committee and compensation committee Compensation
Committee ), and qualified executive officers. 

By
disclosing information in this 10-K and in future filings required of a public company, our business and financial condition will become
more visible, which we believe may result in threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors and other third parties. If those
claims are successful, our business could be seriously harmed. Even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our
favor, the time and resources needed to resolve them could divert our management s resources and seriously harm our business. 

46 

We
may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention. 

The market price of our Common
Stock and Warrants may be volatile and, in the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have
been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation
against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously
harm our business. 

We
do not currently intend to pay dividends on our Common Stock and, consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will
depend on appreciation of the value of our Common Stock. 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our equity securities. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings
for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable
future. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to any appreciation in the value of our Common Stock, which is not certain. 

Provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation
and Bylaws and Delaware law might discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore,
depress the market price of our securities. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation Certificate
of Incorporation ), and our amended and restated bylaws Bylaws contain provisions that could depress the market
price of our securities by acting to discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our Company or changes in our management that
the stockholders of our Company may deem advantageous. These provisions, among other things: 

prohibit cumulative voting; 

authorize our Board to amend the Bylaws; and 

establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our Board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at annual stockholder meetings. 

In
addition, Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, or the DGCL, prohibits a publicly-held Delaware corporation
from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder, generally a person which together with its affiliates owns, or
within the last three years has owned, 15 of our voting stock, for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which
the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. 

Any provision of our Certificate
of Incorporation, Bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control could limit the opportunity
for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our capital stock and could also affect the price that some investors are
willing to pay for our securities. 

Certain
beneficial owners might have control over us which could delay or prevent a change in corporate control or result in the entrenchment
of management and/or the Board . 

As of March 27, 2023, our officers, directors and principal stockholders,
beneficially own, in the aggregate, approximately 22.6 of our outstanding Common Stock. Accordingly, these stockholders, if acting together,
may have the ability to impact the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election and removal of
directors and any merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. In addition, these persons may have the ability
to influence the management and affairs of our Company. Accordingly, this concentration of ownership may harm the market price of our
securities by: 

delaying, deferring,
 or preventing a change in control; 

entrenching our management
 and/or the Board; 

impeding a merger, consolidation,
 takeover, or other business combination involving us; or 

discouraging a potential
 acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 

47 

Exchange
rate fluctuations may materially affect our results of operations and financial conditions. 

In light of the international
scope of our operations, fluctuations in exchange rates, particularly between the U.S. dollar, the British pound and the Euro, may adversely
affect us. Although we are based in the United States, we have operations in the United Kingdom. As a result, our business may be affected
by fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, which may have a significant impact on our results of operations and cash flows from period
to period and the price of our Common Stock and Warrants. Currently, we do not have any exchange rate hedging arrangements in place. 

Failure to comply with The Nasdaq Global
Market continued listing requirements may result in our Common Stock and/or Warrants being delisted from The Nasdaq Global Market. 

On
January 19, 2023, we received a letter from the Listing Qualifications Staff of the Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC Nasdaq indicating
that, based upon the closing bid price of our Common Stock for the last 30 consecutive business days, we are not in compliance with the
requirement to maintain a minimum bid price of 1.00 per share for continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market, as set forth in Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Notice ). We were provided a compliance period of 180 calendar days from the date of the Notice,
or until July 18, 2023, to regain compliance with the minimum closing bid requirement, pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A). 

We
will continue to monitor the closing bid price of our Common Stock and seek to regain compliance with all applicable Nasdaq requirements
within the allotted compliance periods and may, if appropriate, consider available options, including implementation of a reverse stock
split of our Common Stock, to regain compliance with the minimum closing bid requirement. If we seek to implement a reverse stock split
in order to remain listed on Nasdaq, the announcement or implementation of such a reverse stock split could negatively affect the price
of our Common Stock and/or Warrants. If we do not regain compliance within the allotted compliance periods, including any extensions
that may be granted by Nasdaq, Nasdaq will provide notice that our Common Stock and Warrants will be subject to delisting. We would then
be entitled to appeal that determination to a Nasdaq hearings panel. There can be no assurance that we will regain compliance with the
minimum bid price requirement during the 180-day compliance period or maintain compliance with the other Nasdaq listing requirements.
A delisting could substantially decrease trading in our Common Stock and Warrants, adversely affect the market liquidity of our Common
Stock and Warrants as a result of the loss of market efficiencies associated with Nasdaq and the loss of federal preemption of state
securities laws, adversely affect our ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms, if at all, and may result in the potential loss
of confidence by investors, suppliers, customers and employees and fewer business development opportunities. Additionally, the market
price of our Common Stock and/or our Warrants may decline further and stockholders may lose some or all of their investment. 

Risks
Related to Our Clinics Segment 

Past
clinical services in the US included prescribing, dispensing and administering ketamine, which as a Schedule III controlled substance
under US law requires proper authorization and federal and state registration. If the clinical providers to whom we furnished business
support services failed to comply with any of these requirements, we could be subject to liability and harm to our brand that would affect
our business. 

Ketamine is a Schedule III
controlled substance under the Controlled Substances Act CSA ). Under the CSA, controlled substances in Schedule III have
an accepted medical use in the United States and have a lower dependence and abuse potential than Schedule II substances. In order to
prescribe, dispense and administer a controlled substance in Schedule III, a provider must be authorized to prescribe controlled substances
by the state in which the provider is licensed and have a DEA registration. 

Ketamine
has been approved by the FDA for anesthetic purposes generally and, in 2019, esketamine nasal spray was approved by the FDA for treatment
of treatment-resistant depression used in conjunction with an oral antidepressant. Once the FDA approves a drug, healthcare providers
generally may prescribe the drug for an unapproved use when they judge that it is medically appropriate for their patient and within
scope of their authority to practice. Therefore, as long as properly licensed providers are authorized to prescribe ketamine under state
licensing laws, they may prescribe ketamine for off label uses, including for psychotherapy purposes, when deemed medically
appropriate by the provider. 

To
be eligible for a DEA registration, practitioners must be licensed or otherwise authorized by the state in which they practice to carry
out the specific activity for which they seek a DEA registration. Importantly, a physician who is registered with DEA to dispense controlled
substances at a particular location in a state may travel to other unregistered locations, such as a patient s home, in the same
state to dispense controlled substances on an as-needed and random basis, so long as the physician does not maintain a
principal place of professional practice at any of those unregistered locations. In certain states, authorized providers must also have
a state specific controlled substances registration. DEA registrants may also be required to keep and submit certain records of inventory.

48 

Moreover,
ketamine has been identified by the DEA as a drug that has been used illegally by predators of sexual assault because it causes individuals
to feel detached from their bodies and surroundings. Therefore, if our past providers who prescribed, dispensed and administered ketamine
were not properly authorized and registered to do so, we could face substantial civil penalties, suffer significant reputational damage,
and expose our business to other liability. 

Past
clinical services in the U.K. included prescribing, dispensing and administering ketamine, which as a Schedule II controlled substance
under English laws requires specific manufacture, storing, and administration compliance, for an unlicensed therapeutic indication that
poses certain clinical risks to patients. If certain of our past clinics and providers failed to comply with any of these requirements,
we could be subject to liability and harm to our brand that may have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Ketamine
is a Schedule II controlled substance under the Misuse of Drugs Regulations 2001 and is controlled with regard to synthesis, storage
and distribution as a Class B substance under the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971, as amended. Therefore, the associated risk factors relating
to our past ownership and operation of outpatient clinics dispensing and prescribing intravenous infusions of ketamine in the U.K. include
product defects that may cause liabilities under civil law for negligence and products liability under the Consumer Protection Act 1987;
the medical staff operating the clinics may not have complied with standards of performance demanded by the Care Quality Commission CQC and the General Medical Council GMC code of practice; similarly the operation of the clinics themselves may not have
complied with CQC rules on hygiene and safety; we may be found to not have complied with the Human Medicines Regulations 2012 with respect
to advertising requirements (including the prohibition of any advertisement that is likely to lead to the use of a prescription only
medicine) or the Advertising Standards Authority standards and rules (The MHRA Blue Guide on Advertising and Promotion of Medicines in
the U.K. Third Edition 2020) with regard to the promotion and marketing of medicinal products; and the prescription of ketamine for the
unlicensed indication of acute depressive illness may have increased the prevalence of serious adverse events, damaging the commercial
reputation of our brand and future products. Additionally, we and/or associated persons may be found to not have been compliant with
the Bribery Act 2010, which includes criminal liability. 

ITEM 1B.
UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM 2.
PROPERTIES 

We
do not own any real property. 

Our
principal executive office is located at 1111 Lincoln Road, Suite 500, Miami Beach, FL 33139. We rent approximately 300 square feet of
space, which includes our executive offices. Our research and development facility, utilized by our Therapeutics segment, is located
at 458 Carlton Court, South San Francisco, CA. We rent approximately 1,900 square feet of space, which includes our laboratory and offices. 

We
believe that our facilities are generally in good condition and suitable to carry on our business. We also believe that, if required,
suitable alternative or additional space will be available to us on commercially reasonable terms. 

ITEM 3.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

On
October 31, 2022, a civil action was commenced against the Company and our Board in the Court of Chancery for the State of Delaware captioned
Concord IP2 Ltd., et al. v. Pasithea Therapeutics Corp., et al., C.A. No. 2022-0980-NAC (the Camac Action ). The Camac Action
sought, among other things, a judgment declaring that the director defendants breached their fiduciary duties in connection with two
acquisitions made by the Company in 2022, as well as temporary, preliminary and permanent injunctive relief enjoining the Company from
counting the shares issued in connection with those two acquisitions at a special meeting of the Company s stockholders and at
the Company s next annual meeting with respect to the election of directors. 

On
December 9, 2022, we entered into a Settlement and Cooperation Agreement Settlement Agreement with certain plaintiffs
related to Camac Capital, LLC (the Camac Group ). The Settlement Agreement provided, among other things, that the
Camac Group would sell to the Company 3,205,282 shares of the Company s Common Stock beneficially owned by the Camac Group at a
purchase price determined by the trailing 5-day Volume-Weighted Average Price (VWAP) for the period encompassing November 30, 2022, through
December 6, 2022 (which price is 1.0003 per share of Common Stock) (the Share Repurchase ). We also agreed to reimburse
the Camac Group s expenses up to 689,491. From the date of the Cooperation agreement until the date that is three years after
our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders (the Standstill Period ), the Camac Group is subject to standstill restrictions
(as more fully described in the Cooperation Agreement), including (i) support of proxy contests and other activism campaigns, calling
of special meetings, and related matters (ii) participating or supporting any change of control transaction of the Company and (iii)
acquiring any securities of the Company. 

ITEM 4.
MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

49 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
information 

Our Common Stock and Warrants
trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols KTTA and KTTAW respectively since September 15, 2021.
Prior to that date, there was no public market for our common stock or Warrants. 

Holders of Record 

As of March 27, 2023, we had 44 holders of record of our
Common Stock. The actual number of holders of our Common Stock is greater than this number of record holders and includes stockholders
who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers or held by other nominees. This number of holders of record
also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities. 

Dividend Policy 

We have never declared or
paid any dividends on our Common Stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings, if any, to fund the
development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination
to pay dividends will be made at the discretion of our Board. 

Repurchases 

Pursuant
to the Cooperation Agreement entered into in connection with the Camac Action, we repurchased from the Camac Group 3,205,282 shares of
our Common Stock beneficially owned by the Camac Group, at a purchase price of 1.0003 per share. Other than the Share Repurchase, there
were no repurchases of our Common Stock during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 

Use
of Proceeds from Registered Securities 

On
September 14, 2021, our registration statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-255205) was declared effective by the SEC for our initial
public offering (the Initial Public Offering pursuant to which we sold an aggregate of 4,800,000 units consisting of one
share of our Common Stock and one Warrant to purchase one share of our Common Stock at a price to the public of 5.00 per unit, for an
aggregate offering of approximately 24.0 million. EF Hutton acted as the sole book-running manager for the offering. On September 17,
2021, we closed the sale of the units, resulting in net proceeds to us of approximately 20.6 million after deducting underwriting discounts
and commissions and other offering expenses. No payments were made by us to directors, officers or persons owning ten percent or more
of our Common Stock or to their associates, or to our affiliates. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from
our Initial Public Offering as described in our final prospectus filed with the SEC on September 16, 2021 pursuant to Rule 424(b), except
that we no longer plan to use any proceeds from the Initial Public Offering to expand our Clinics segment. Any proceeds that were originally
intended to be used to expand the Clinics segment, and that have not already been allocated to such segment, will instead be used to wind
down the Clinics segment. After the winding down of the Clinics segment, any proceeds that remain will instead be used to further develop
our product candidate pipeline as part of our Therapeutics segment. 

ITEM
6. [Reserved] 

[Reserved] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to provide information
necessary to understand our audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021
and highlight certain other information which, in the opinion of management, will enhance a reader s understanding of our financial
condition, changes in financial condition and results of operations. In particular, the discussion is intended to provide an analysis
of significant trends and material changes in our financial position and the operating results of our business during the year ended
December 31, 2022, as compared to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and related notes included elsewhere in this
10-K. These historical financial statements may not be indicative of our future performance. This Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains numerous forward-looking statements, all of which are based on our current
expectations and could be affected by the uncertainties and risks described throughout this filing, particularly in Item 1A. Risk
Factors. 

50 

Throughout
this report, the terms our, we, us, and the Company refer to Pasithea Therapeutics
Corp. and its subsidiaries, Pasithea Therapeutics Limited (UK), Pasithea Therapeutics Portugal, Sociedade Unipessoal Lda, Pasithea Clinics
Inc., Alpha-5 Integrin, LLC, and AlloMek Therapeutics, LLC. Pasithea Therapeutics Limited (UK) is a private limited Company, registered
in the United Kingdom (UK). Pasithea Clinics Inc. is incorporated in Delaware, Pasithea Therapeutics
Portugal, Sociedade Unipessoal Lda, a private limited Company, registered in Portugal, and Alpha-5 Integrin, LLC and AlloMek Therapeutics,
LLC, are both Delaware limited liability companies. 

Overview 

We are a biotechnology company primarily focused on the discovery,
research and development of innovative treatments for central nervous system (CNS) disorders and RASopathies. Our primary operations (the
 Therapeutics segment) are focused on developing our lead therapeutic candidate, PAS-004 (CIP-137401), a macrocyclic MEK
inhibitor for potential use in a range of CNS-related indications, including neurofibromatosis type 1 and Noonan syndrome as well as lamin
A/C cardiomyopathy and certain oncology indications that we acquired from AlloMek Therapeutics, LLC AlloMek in October
2022. PAS-004 has displayed efficacy in a range of mouse models of various diseases and has completed pre-clinical testing and animal
toxicology studies to support an Investigational New Drug application (an IND with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA that we plan to file in the second half of 2023 following completion of cGMP manufacturing and finalization of our
toxicology program. We are also focused on the development of our discovery programs through lead identification of drug candidates, including
PAS-003, a monoclonal antibody targeting a5b1 integrin for the treatment of ALS, PAS-002, a DNA vaccine targeting GlialCAM for the treatment
of Multiple Sclerosis, and PAS-001, a small molecule targeting the compliment component 4 (C4) gene for the treatment of schizophrenia. 

Our
ability to generate product revenue will depend on the successful development, regulatory approval and eventual commercialization of
one or more of our product candidates. Until such time as we can generate significant revenue from product sales, if ever, we expect
to finance our operations through the sale of equity, debt financings, or other capital sources, including potential collaborations with
other companies or other strategic transactions. Adequate funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we fail
to raise capital or enter into such agreements as and when needed, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the
development and commercialization of our product candidates. 

Segments 

Our
business is separated into two segments, Therapeutics and Clinics. 

Our
Therapeutics segment performs activities related to discovery, research and development of innovative treatments for CNS disorders and
other diseases. We are in the process of discontinuing our Clinics segment, which provided business support services to anti-depression
clinics in the U.K. and in the United States. 

The
Company evaluates the performance of its business segments primarily based on revenues and net income. For the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, segment operating results were as follows: 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Therapeutics 
 - 
 - 
 
 Clinics 
 486,559 
 15,062 
 
 Total revenues 
 486,559 
 15,062 

Net loss 

Therapeutics 
 (11,727,885 
 (1,908,925 
 
 Clinics 
 (2,208,567 
 (264,596 
 
 Total net loss 
 (13,936,452 
 (2,173,521 

51 

Prior to the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have discontinued
our at-home services in New York, NY as well as our services in the U.K. In addition, we have discontinued our clinical operations in
Los Angeles, CA and are actively exploring options for the disposal of related property. Accordingly, as of the date of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K, we have discontinued the operations of our Clinics segment. 

Impact
of Inflation 

We
have recently experienced higher costs across our business as a result of inflation, including higher costs related to employee compensation
and outside services. We expect inflation to continue to have a negative impact throughout 2023, and it is uncertain whether we will
be able to offset the impact of inflationary pressures in the near term. 

Results
of Operations 

Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Our financial results for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are summarized as follows: 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Revenues 
 486,559 
 15,062 
 471,497 
 NM 
 
 Cost of services 
 113,195 
 17,275 
 95,920 
 NM 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 12,524,258 
 4,505,200 
 8,019,058 
 178.0 
 
 Research and development 
 2,665,427 
 - 
 2,665,427 
 NM 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (14,816,321 
 (4,507,413 
 (10,308,908 
 228.7 
 
 Other income, net 
 879,869 
 2,333,892 
 (1,454,023 
 (162.3 
 
 Net loss 
 (13,936,452 
 (2,173,521 
 (11,762,931 
 541.2 

Revenues

Revenues
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 related to our Clinics segment. For the year ended December 31, 2022, revenues increased
by approximately 471,000 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in revenues is primarily driven by the expansion
of our Clinics operations in the U.S. related to the at-home market in New York, NY. 

Our
Therapeutics segment did not generate any revenues during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Cost
of Services 

Cost
of services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 related to our Clinics segment. For the year ended December 31, 2022, cost
of services increased by approximately 96,000 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cost of services was primarily
driven by the expansion of our operations in the U.S. 

Our
Therapeutics segment did not incur any costs of services during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

52 

Selling,
General and Administrative 

Selling, general and administrative
expense increased by approximately 8.0 million, or 178 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31,
2021. The increase was primarily driven by increases to (i) aggregate costs of approximately 0.9 million in connection with being a public
company for the full period in 2022 as compared to the partial period in 2021, and non-recurring corporate communication costs associated
with a dissident shareholder campaign, (ii) legal fees of approximately 2.7 million primarily associated with non-recuring costs of a
dissident shareholder campaign, litigation settlements, the acquisition of Alpha-5, and increased compliance requirements as a public
company, (iii) personnel and third-party contractor costs of approximately 1.6 million related to the hiring of employees and contractors,
(iv) insurance of approximately 0.5 million primarily attributable to appropriate directors and officers coverage, (v) bad debt expense
of approximately 0.4 million, (vi) Board fees of approximately 0.5 million, (vii) accounting and audit fees of approximately 0.4 million
attributable to being a public company for full period in 2022 as compared to the partial period in 2021 and the acquisitions of Alpha-5
and AlloMek, (viii) rent costs of approximately 0.2 million related to our facilities in California and Florida, and (ix) advertising
and marketing of approximately 0.4 million related to the Clinics segment. 

For the year ended December 31,
2022, approximately 1.9 million of the total 8.0 million increase was attributable to our Clinics segment. 

We
expect selling, general and administrative expenses to decrease in fiscal year 2023 as we no longer expect to incur non-recurring expenses
in connection with acquisitions, the now-resolved dissident shareholder campaign or our Clinics segment. 

Research
and Development 

Research
and development for the year ended December 31, 2022 relates activities performed by our Therapeutics segment, and are primarily focused
on the development of PAS-001, PAS-002, PAS-003 and PAS-004. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, research and development expenses were 2.7 million. There were no research and development activities during the year ended
December 31, 2021. The increase is due to the commencement and expansion of our drug development activities related to our product candidates.
The increase was slightly offset by an increase of approximately 0.2 million of grant income from our grant agreement with FightMND,
which we became party to in connection with the acquisition of Alpha-5. 

We
expect research and development expenses to increase in fiscal year 2023 primarily related to manufacturing and clinical development
of PAS-004. 

Our
Clinics segment does not perform any research or development activities. 

53 

Other
Income, Net 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, Other income, net decreased by approximately 1.5 million, or 162 , as compared to the year ended December
31, 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by losses of 1.0 million associated with litigation settlements. The decrease was further
driven by a 0.5 million decrease in gains associated with changes in the fair value of our warrant liabilities. 

Working
Capital 

As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Current assets 
 34,076,693 
 53,300,457 
 
 Current liabilities 
 1,877,634 
 447,280 
 
 Working capital 
 32,199,059 
 52,853,177 

Working capital decreased by 20.6
million between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022 due primarily to cash used to fund our 14.8 million loss from operations for
the period ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, we paid 3.2 million in cash to repurchase shares of our Common Stock in connection
with the Camac Action settlement, and paid 1.7 million in cash in connection with the acquisition of AlloMek. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net loss 
 (13,936,452 
 (2,173,521 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (14,561,921 
 (3,174,058 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (2,061,546 
 (21,503 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 (3,206,244 
 55,929,178 
 
 Effect of foreign currency translation 
 9,900 
 (10,561 
 
 Decrease (increase) in cash and cash equivalents 
 (19,819,811 
 52,723,056 

The
decrease in cash and cash equivalents was primarily attributable to cash used to fund our operations. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents
was driven further by the repurchase of shares in connection with Camac Action settlement, and by cash paid in connection with the acquisition
of AlloMek. 

Liquidity
 Capital Resources Outlook 

As of December 31, 2022, we had
 33.1 million in our operating bank accounts and working capital of 32.2 million. Our major sources of cash have been the proceeds from
various private securities offerings, our Initial Public Offering, and the receipt of cash upon the exercise of our outstanding warrants.
We are dependent on obtaining additional working capital funding from the sale of equity and/or debt securities in order to continue to
execute our development plans and continue operations. Based on the foregoing, management believes that we will have sufficient working
capital to meet our liquidity needs through twelve months from the issuance date of the financial statements included in this annual report. 

November 2021 Private
Placement 

On November 24, 2021, issued 8,680,000 shares of our Common Stock (the
 PIPE Shares and warrants to purchase up to 8,680,000 shares of our Common Stock PIPE Warrants in a private
placement November 2021 Private Placement ). The combined purchase price for one PIPE Share and PIPE Warrant was 3.50.
The PIPE Warrants are immediately exercisable, expire five years from the date of issuance and have an exercise price of 3.50
per share, subject to adjustment as set forth in the PIPE Warrants. The November 2021 Private Placement resulted in aggregate gross proceeds
to us of 30,380,000. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Exchange Act. 

54 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
critical accounting policies, which include (1) revenue recognition, (2) stock-based compensation and (3) fair value measurements, are
more fully described in the notes to our financial statements included in our 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. We believe
that the following critical accounting estimates are particularly subject to management s judgment and could materially affect
our financial condition and results of operations: 

Assumptions used in the
 Black-Scholes pricing model for valuation of stock option awards, such as expected volatility, risk-free interest rate, expected
 term and expected dividends. 

Valuation of the liability
 for Warrants, which requires that we make certain assumptions involving assumptions similar to those described above, as well as
 to changes in relative fair value. 

Assumptions used in the
 valuing of our intangible assets related to our acquisition, and those used in the calculation of the potential earnout. 

For
additional information on critical accounting policies and estimates, see Note 2 to the consolidated Financial Statements, Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies and New Accounting Standards, in Part I, Item 1, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

New
Accounting Standards 

For
discussion of new accounting standards, see Note 2 to the consolidated Financial Statements, Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies and New Accounting Standards, in Part I, Item 1, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Subsequent
Events 

Nasdaq
Deficiency Notice 

On
January 19, 2023, we received a written notice (the Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock
Market Nasdaq indicating that we are not in compliance with the 1.00 minimum bid price requirement set forth in Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market (the Bid Price Requirement ). The Notice does
not result in the immediate delisting of our Common Stock from The Nasdaq Capital Market. 

The
Nasdaq Listing Rules require listed securities to maintain a minimum bid price of 1.00 per share and, based upon the closing bid price
of our Common Stock for 30 consecutive business days prior to the delivery of the Notice, we no longer meet this requirement. The Notice
indicated that we will be provided 180 calendar days in which to regain compliance, or until July 18, 2023. If at any time during this
period the bid price of our Common Stock closes at or above 1.00 per share for a minimum of ten consecutive business days, the Nasdaq
staff (the Staff will provide us with a written confirmation of compliance and the matter will be closed. 

Alternatively,
if we fail to regain compliance with Rule 5550(a)(2) prior to the expiration of the initial 180 calendar day period, we may be eligible
for an additional 180 calendar day compliance period, provided (i) we meet the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly
held shares and all other applicable requirements for initial listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market (except for the Bid Price Requirement)
and (ii) we provide written notice to Nasdaq of our intention to cure this deficiency during the second compliance period by effecting
a reverse stock split, if necessary. In the event we do not regain compliance with Rule 5550(a)(2) prior to the expiration of the initial
180 calendar day period, and if it appears to the Staff that we will not be able to cure the deficiency, or if we are not otherwise eligible,
the Staff will provide us with written notification that our securities are subject to delisting from The Nasdaq Capital Market. At that
time, we may appeal the delisting determination to a hearings panel. 

55 

Issuance
of Stock Options 

On
February 24, 2023, we issued stock options under the 2021 Plan to purchase an aggregate of 880,000 shares of Common Stock to certain
employees. These stock options had a strike price of 0.491 per share
and an expiration term of ten years. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM 8.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
information called for by Item 8 is included following the Index to Financial Statements on page F-1 contained in this
 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the participation
of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
(as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act and regulations promulgated thereunder) as of December
31, 2022, or the Evaluation Date. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that,
as of the Evaluation Date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management, under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting for our company. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal
executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Board, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
and that receipts and expenditures of our company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of
the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition
of our company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this evaluation, our management used the criteria set forth in the
Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

56 

Based on this evaluation,
management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective at a reasonable assurance level as of December 31,
2022 based on those criteria. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm on our internal control over financial
reporting due to an exemption established by the JOBS Act for emerging growth companies. In addition, we are currently
a non-accelerated filer and are therefore not required to provide an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting
until such time as we are an accelerated filer or large accelerated filer. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B.
OTHER INFORMATION 

On March 28, 2023, Dr. Yassine Bendiabdallah notified us that he is
resigning as Chief Operating Officer and Head of U.K. Clinics, effective as of March 28, 2023. 

On March 29, 2023, the Board amended and restated our Bylaws, to provide,
among other things, that (i) only the Board, a majority of the members of a committee of the Board, the Chairman of the Board,
or the President may call a special meeting of stockholders, (ii) specifying additional information required
to be disclosed in any director nomination notice or notices of proposed stockholder business, including additional information regarding
related party transactions between director nominees and stockholder associated persons and third-party compensation arrangements involving
director nominees, (iii) allowing for the Board, or the holders of the majority of shares represented at a meeting, to postpone or adjourn
any annual or special meeting of stockholders, whether or not a quorum is present, and (iv) eliminating the requirement that the list
of stockholders be open to examination at meetings of stockholders to conform to recent amendments to the Delaware General Corporation
Law. 

The foregoing description of our Bylaws is qualified in its entirety
by reference to the full text of the Bylaws, which is filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated
by reference herein.

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

57 

PART
III 

ITEM 10.
DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Executive
Officers, Non-executive employees and Directors 

The following table sets forth the name, age as of March 30, 2023,
and position of the individuals who serve as directors and executive officers of the Company. The following also includes certain information
regarding the individual experience, qualifications, attributes and skills of our directors and executive officers as well as brief statements
of those aspects of our directors backgrounds that led us to conclude that they are qualified to serve as directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Executive
 Officers 

Dr.
 Tiago Reis Marques 
 
 46 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Daniel Schneiderman 
 Non-Employee Directors 
 
 45 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Prof.
 Lawrence Steinman (2)(3) 
 
 75 
 
 Executive
 Chairman and Co-Founder 
 
 Simon
 Dumesnil (1)(2)(3) 
 
 46 
 
 Director 
 
 Dr.
 Emer Leahy (1)(2)(3) 
 
 57 
 
 Director 
 
 Alfred
 Novak (1) 
 
 75 
 
 Director 

(1) Member
of the Audit Committee. 

(2) Member
of the Compensation Committee. 

(3) Member
of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 

Executive
Officers 

Each
executive officer serves at the discretion of our Board and holds office until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or
until his or her earlier resignation or removal. 

Dr. Tiago Reis Marques (Chief
Executive Officer and Director) has served on our Board and as Chief Executive Officer since August 2020. He was a senior clinical
fellow at Imperial College London and a lecturer at the IoPPN, King s College London. IoPPN is ranked second in the world for psychology
and psychiatry by US News and Best Global Universities, and is home to one of the world s largest centers for neuroscience research.
Dr. Marques is also a psychiatrist at Maudsley Hospital. His research focuses on topics including the mechanism of action of psychiatric
medication and novel treatment targets. During his career, he has obtained multiple awards for his research. Dr. Marques is an author
or co-author of more than 100 scientific publications in peer-reviewed journals in psychiatry and neuroscience, has an h-index above 40
and has co-authored international treatment guidelines and written book chapters, including in the leading book in the field, Neurobiology
of Mental Illness. Dr. Marques received his MD from Coimbra University Medical School in Portugal in 2001 and his PhD from the
Kings College Institute of Psychiatry in the UK in 2012. We believe that Dr. Marques is qualified to serve on our Board due to his medical
and scientific background. 

Daniel
Schneiderman (Chief Financial Officer) is a seasoned finance executive with over 20 years of experience in
the areas of capital markets and finance operations. Mr. Schneiderman has served as our Chief Financial Officer since October 11, 2022
and as a consultant to the Company from July 1, 2022 through October 10, 2022. Prior to joining the Company, from January 2020 through
February 2022 Mr. Schneiderman served as Chief Financial Officer of First Wave BioPharma, Inc. (Nasdaq: FWBI), a clinical stage biopharmaceutical
company specializing in the development of targeted, non-systemic therapies for gastrointestinal (GI) diseases. Prior to joining First
Wave, from November 2018 through December 2019, Mr. Schneiderman served as Chief Financial Officer of Biophytis SA, (ENXTPA: ALBPS; Nasdaq:
BPTS) and its U.S. subsidiary, Biophytis, Inc., a European-based, clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on the development of drug
candidates for age-related diseases, with a primary focus on neuromuscular diseases. From February 2012 through August 2018, Mr. Schneiderman
served as Vice President of Finance, Controller and Secretary of MetaStat, Inc. (OTCQB: MTST), a publicly traded biotechnology company
with a focus on Rx/Dx precision medicine solutions to treat patients with aggressive (metastatic) cancer. From 2008 through February 2012,
Mr. Schneiderman was Vice President of Investment Banking at Burnham Hill Partners LLC, a boutique investment bank providing capital raising,
advisory and merchant banking services primarily in the healthcare and biotechnology industries. From 2004 through 2008, Mr. Schneiderman
served in various roles and increasing responsibilities, including as Vice President of Investment Banking at Burnham Hill Partners, a
division of Pali Capital, Inc. Previously, Mr. Schneiderman worked at H.C. Wainwright Co., Inc. in 2004 as an investment banking
analyst. Mr. Schneiderman holds a bachelor s degree in economics from Tulane University. 

58 

Non-Employee
Directors 

Prof. Lawrence Steinman 
has served on our Board since August 2020. Prior to joining Pasithea, he served on the Board of Centocor from 1989 to 1998, the Board
of Neurocine Biosciences from 1997 to 2005, the Board of Atreca (NASDAQ: BCEL) from 2010 to 2019, the Board of BioAtla (NASDAQ: BCAB)
from 2016 to the present, the Board of Tolerion from 2013 to the present, the Board of 180 Life Sciences (NASDAQ: ATNF) from 2021 to present,
and the Board of Pharnext from 2019 to present. He is currently the George A. Zimmermann Endowed Chair in the Neurology Department at
Stanford University and previously served as the Chair of the Interdepartmental Program in Immunology at Stanford University Medical School
from 2003 to 2011. He is a member of the National Academy of Medicine and the National Academy of Sciences. He also founded the Steinman
Laboratory at Stanford University, which is dedicated to understanding the pathogenesis of autoimmune diseases, particularly multiple
sclerosis and neuromyelitis optica. He received the Frederic Sasse Award from the Free University of Berlin in 1994, the Sen. Jacob Javits
Award from the U.S. Congress in 1988 and 2002, the John Dystel Prize in 2004 from the National MS Society in the U.S., the Charcot Prize
for Lifetime Achievement in Multiple Sclerosis Research in 2011 from the International Federation of MS Societies and the Anthony Cerami
Award in Translational Medicine by the Feinstein Institute of Molecular Medicine in 2015. He also received an honorary Ph.D. at the Hasselt
University in 2008. He received his BA (physics) from Dartmouth College in 1968 and his MD from Harvard University in 1973. He also completed
a fellowship in chemical immunology at the Weizmann Institute (1974 - 1977) and was an intern and resident at Stanford University Medical
School. We believe that Prof. Steinman is qualified to serve on our Board due to his extensive background in medicine and his experience
as a board member in the life sciences industry. 

Simon
Dumesnil has served on our Board since April 2021. He is currently a Managing Partner and Director of Dunraven Capital Partners Limited,
an investment management advisory company incorporated in the U.K. whose investments are predominately in Eastern European corporate
distressed credits and structured products. From 2013 to 2018, Mr. Dumesnil was Managing Director and Head of Structured Financing Group
Americas of UBS Securities LLC, where he was responsible for the structured financing trading book in the USA and LATAM and managed a
book of financing positions across fixed income products (corporate syndicated and middle-market loans, corporate bonds, real estate
loans, CMBS/RMBS/CLO/ABS, LATAM Sovereign). From 2010 to 2013, he was Managing Director and Co-Head Private-Side Structuring Group EMEA
of UBS AG., where he was responsible for arranging structured solution transactions and acquisitions for FIG and Special Situation Group
(SSG) and also co-headed the illiquid financing business. From 2009 to 2010, Mr. Dumesnil was the Chief Investment Officer Bluestone
Capital Management and responsible for investments in distressed assets across Europe. From 2008 to 2009, Mr. Dumesnil was Director of
Lehman Brother Holding Inc. and responsible for restructuring and unwinding Lehman Brothers Special Financing Inc. derivative book post-bankruptcy.
From 2003 to 2008, Mr. Dumesnil was Director of Lehman Brothers International (Europe). Throughout his career at Dunraven Capital Management,
UBS Securities, UBS AG, Bluestone Capital Management and Lehman Brothers, Mr. Dumesnil advised and underwritten corporate risk related
to companies across industries or jurisdictions. He has an in-depth knowledge on corporate restructuring and capital structure optimization
for companies across their business life cycle. His experience as Chief Investment Officer during the launch and growth phases of a financial
services and technology company represents valuable insights for our Company. Mr. Dumesnil attended Cass Business School, where he received
his Master of Science in Banking and International Finance and cole des Hautes- tudes-Commerciales HEC, where he received
his Bachelor in Business and Administration, Finance. We believe that Mr. Dumesnil is qualified to serve on our Board due to his management
and investment experience. 

Dr.
Emer Leahy has served on our Board since June 2021. Dr. Leahy received her Ph.D. in neuropharmacology from University College Dublin,
Ireland in 1990, and her MBA from Columbia University in 2000. She has been with PsychoGenics Inc., a preclinical CNS service company,
since 1999 and is currently serving as its chief executive officer and is responsible for compensation recommendations companywide. Prior
to her appointment as the chief executive officer, she was the vice president of business development. Dr. Leahy is also the chief executive
officer of PGI Drug Discovery LLC, a company engaged in psychiatric drug discovery with five partnered clinical programs including one
in Phase III. Additionally, Dr. Leahy served as a member of both the compensation committee and the audit committee of Bright Minds Biosciences
Inc. (NASDAQ: DRUG), a biotech company, until April 2022, and she has served as a member of the Board of Intensity Therapeutics, Inc.
since 2016. Dr. Leahy has more than 30 years of experience in drug discovery, clinical development and business development for pharmaceutical
and biotechnology companies, including extensive knowledge of technology assessment, licensing, mergers and acquisitions, and strategic
planning. She also holds an Adjunct Associate Professor of Neuroscience position at Mount Sinai School of Medicine. Dr. Leahy served
on the Emerging Companies Section Governing Board for the Board of the Biotechnology Industry Organization, the Business Review Board
for the Alzheimer s Drug Discovery Foundation, and the Scientific Advisory Board of the International Rett Syndrome Foundation.
She also currently serves on the Board of PsychoGenics Inc, the Board of Intensity Therapeutics, and the Board of Trustees of BIONJ.
We believe that Dr. Leahy is qualified to serve on our Board due to her extensive pharmaceutical, biotechnology and business background. 

59 

Alfred
Novak has served on our Board since September 2022. Mr. Novak has broad operating experience as a Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer and has served on the boards of several pharmaceutical and medical device companies. Mr. Novak brings financial acumen
and extensive expertise in product development, regulatory approval, commercial activities, and a track record of delivering substantial
value for stockholders. Between October 2015 to June 2022, Mr. Novak served as a director of LivaNova Plc (NASDAQ: LIVN), which is a
medical device company. From May 2017 to November 2019, Mr. Novak served as a director of Dova Pharmaceuticals, which was sold to Swedish
Orphan Biovitrum AB or Sobi , a company focused on rare diseases, for over 900 million; a director and CEO of Biosense, which
was sold to Johnson Johnson for 400 million; and CFO of Cordis Corporation, which was acquired by Johnson Johnson for 1.8
billion. He received his MBA from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania with a concentration in Healthcare Administration
and a BS from the United States Merchant Marine Academy. We believe Mr. Novak is qualified to serve on our Board due to his extensive
experience in product development, the regulatory approval process and commercialization in the pharmaceutical and medical device industries. 

Scientific
Advisory Board 

Professor
Charles B. Nemeroff, M.D., Ph.D. 

Prof.
Charles B. Nemeroff, M.D., Ph.D., is a Professor and Chair of the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the University
of Texas Dell Medical School and Matthew P. Nemeroff Endowed Chair. His research is focused on the pathophysiology of mood and anxiety
disorders, and he has published more than 1,100 research reports and reviews. Prof. Nemroff has received numerous research and education
awards, including the Kempf Award in Psychobiology, the Samuel Hibbs Award, Research Mentoring Award, Judson Marmot Award and the Vestermark
Award from the American Psychiatric Association (APA), the Mood Disorders Award, Bowis Award and Dean Award from the American College
of Psychiatrists (ACP) and the Julius Axelrod Award for mentoring from the ACNP. He currently sits on the Scientific Advisory Board of
the Brain and Behavioral Research Foundation. Prof. Nemeroff is a member of the National Academy of Medicine. Prof. Nemeroff received
his medical degree and doctorate at the University of North Carolina School of Medicine. 

Daniel
R. Weinberger, M.D. 

Dr.
Weinberger is Director and CEO of the Lieber Institute for Brain Development at the Johns Hopkins Medical Center and Professor of Psychiatry,
Neurology, Neuroscience and Human Genetics at the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine. He was formally Director of the Genes, Cognition,
and Psychosis Program of the Intramural Research Program, National Institute of Mental Health, National Institutes of Health in Bethesda,
Maryland. He attended college at the Johns Hopkins University and medical school at the University of Pennsylvanian and did residencies
in psychiatry at Harvard Medical School and in neurology at George Washington University. He is board certified in both psychiatry and
neurology. Dr. Weinberger s research has focused on brain and genetic mechanisms involved in the pathogenesis and treatment of
neuropsychiatric disorders, especially schizophrenia. He was instrumental in focusing research on the role of abnormal brain development
as a risk factor for schizophrenia. His has identified a number of specific neural and molecular mechanisms of genetic risk for schizophrenia,
and genetic effects that account for variation in specific human cognitive functions and in human temperament. His recent work has focused
on genetic and epigenetic regulation of expression in human brain of genes associated with developmental brain disorders. In 2003, Science
 magazine highlighted the genetic research of his lab as the second biggest scientific breakthrough of the year, second to the origins
of the cosmos. He is the recipient of many honors and awards, including the Sarnat International Prize of the National Academy of Medicine,
The International Neuroscience Prize of the Gertrud Reemtsma Foundation of the Max Planck Society, the NIH Directors Award, The Roche-Nature
Medicine Neuroscience Award, The William K. Warren Medical Research Institute Award, the Adolf Meyer Prize of the American Psychiatric
Association, , the Foundation s Fund Prize from the American Psychiatric Association, and the Lieber Prize of the Brain and Behavior
Research Foundation. He is past president of the Society of Biological Psychiatry, past President of the American College of Neuropsychopharmacology
and has been elected to the National Academy of Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences. 

60 

Merit
Cudkowicz, M.D. 

Dr.
Cudkowicz is the Chief of Neurology at Massachusetts General Hospital, Director of the Sean M. Healey AMG Center for ALS, and the
Julieanne Dorn Professor of Neurology at Harvard Medical School. A member of the National Academy of Medicine, Dr. Cudkowicz has been
a pioneer in promoting and devising more efficient methods for the development of new therapies for people with neurological disorders
such as ALS and is one of the founders and co-directors of the Northeast ALS (NEALS) Consortium, a group of over 130 clinical sites in
the United States and Canada dedicated to performing collaborative academic-led clinical trials in ALS. Dr. Cudkowicz is also the Study
Chair and Principal Investigator of the HEALEY ALS Platform Trial, a perpetual multi-center, multi-regimen clinical trial evaluating
the safety and efficacy of investigational products for the treatment of ALS. Dr. Cudkowicz received the American Academy of Neurology
2009 Sheila Essay ALS award, the 2017 Forbes Norris Award from the International MND Alliance, the 2017 Pinnacle Award from the Boston
Chamber of Commerce and the 2019 Ray Adams American Neurological Association Award. She received a B.S. in Chemical Engineering from
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, an M.D. from Harvard Medical School and a MSc. in Clinical Epidemiology from Harvard School of
Public Health. 

Board
Composition and Election of Directors 

Our
Board currently consists of five members. Under our Bylaws, the number of directors who shall constitute the Board shall equal not less
than one nor more than ten, as the Board or the majority of our stockholders of record may determine by resolution from time to time. 

Board
Elections 

In
accordance with our Bylaws, our stockholders shall elect the directors at our annual meeting of stockholders (except as otherwise provided
therein for the filling of vacancies). Each director shall hold office until his or her death, resignation, retirement, removal, or disqualification,
or until his or her successor shall have been elected and qualified. 

Board
Leadership Structure 

Our corporate governance
guidelines provide that, if the Chairman of the Board is a member of management or does not otherwise qualify as independent, the independent
directors of the Board may elect a lead director. The lead director s responsibilities include, but are not limited to: presiding
over all meetings of the Board at which the chairman is not present, including any executive sessions of the independent directors; approving
Board meeting schedules and agendas; and acting as the liaison between the independent directors and the Chief Executive Officer and
Chairman of the Board. Our corporate governance guidelines further provide the flexibility for our Board to modify our leadership structure
in the future as it deems appropriate. 

Role
of the Board in Risk Oversight 

One of the key functions
of our Board is informed oversight of our risk management process. Our Board does not have a standing risk management committee, but
rather administers this oversight function directly through our Board as a whole, as well as through various standing committees of our
Board that address risks inherent in their respective areas of oversight. In particular, our Board is responsible for monitoring and
assessing strategic risk exposure and our Audit Committee has the responsibility to consider and discuss our major financial risk exposures
and the steps our management has taken to monitor and control these exposures, including guidelines and policies to govern the process
by which risk assessment and management is undertaken. Our Audit Committee also monitors compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.
Our nominating and corporate governance committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee monitors the effectiveness
of our corporate governance practices, including whether they are successful in preventing illegal or improper liability-creating conduct.
Our Compensation Committee assesses and monitors whether any of our compensation policies and programs has the potential to encourage
excessive risk-taking. While each committee is responsible for evaluating certain risks and overseeing the management of such risks,
our entire Board is regularly informed through committee reports about such risks. 

61 

Board
Committees 

We currently have three
committees of the Board and have adopted charters for such committees: an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, and a Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee. The composition and responsibilities of each committee are described below. Members serve on
these committees until their resignation or until otherwise determined by our Board. Each committee s charter is available
under the Corporate Governance section of our website at www.pasithea.com . The reference to our website address does not
constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained at or available through our website, and you should not consider
it to be a part of this 10-K. 

Audit Committee . The Audit Committee s responsibilities
include: 

appointing,
 approving the compensation of, and assessing the independence of our registered public accounting firm; 

overseeing the work of
 our registered public accounting firm, including through the receipt and consideration of reports from such firm; 

reviewing and discussing
 with management and the registered public accounting firm our annual and quarterly financial statements and related disclosures; 

coordinating our Board s
 oversight of our internal control over financial reporting, disclosure controls and procedures and code of business conduct and ethics; 

discussing our risk management
 policies; 

meeting independently with
 our internal auditing staff, if any, registered public accounting firm and management; 

reviewing and approving
 or ratifying any related person transactions; and 

preparing the Audit Committee
 report required by SEC rules. 

The members of our Audit
Committee are Simon Dumesnil (chairperson), Dr. Emer Leahy and Alfred Novak. All members of our Audit Committee meet the
requirements for financial literacy under the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and Nasdaq. Our Board has determined that
Simon Dumesnil is an audit committee financial expert as defined under the applicable rules of the SEC and has the requisite
financial sophistication as defined under the applicable rules and regulations of Nasdaq. Under the rules of the SEC, members of the
Audit Committee must also meet heightened independence standards. Our Board has determined that Simon Dumesnil (chairperson), Dr.
Emer Leahy and Alfred Novak are independent within the meaning of the rules and regulations of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 under the
Exchange Act. Prof. Lawrence Steinman served as a member of our Audit Committee until September 2022. 

The Audit Committee operates
under a written charter that satisfies the applicable standards of the SEC and Nasdaq. 

Compensation Committee . The Compensation
Committee s responsibilities include: 

reviewing and
 approving, or recommending for approval by the Board, the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer and our other executive officers; 

overseeing and administering
 our cash and equity incentive plans; 

reviewing and making recommendations
 to our Board with respect to director compensation; 

reviewing and discussing
 annually with management our Compensation Discussion and Analysis, to the extent required; and 

preparing the annual Compensation
 Committee report required by SEC rules, to the extent required. 

The members of our Compensation
Committee are Dr. Emer Leahy (chairperson), Alfred Novak and Simon Dumesnil. Each of the members of our Compensation Committee
is independent under the applicable rules and regulations of Nasdaq and is a non-employee director as defined in Rule 16b-3
promulgated under the Exchange Act. The Compensation Committee operates under a written charter that satisfies the applicable standards
of the SEC and Nasdaq. Prof. Lawrence Steinman served as a member of the Compensation Committee until March 2023 and Mr. Novak joined
the Compensation Committee in March 2023. 

62 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee .
The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s responsibilities include: 

identifying individuals
 qualified to become Board members; 

recommending to our Board
 the persons to be nominated for election as directors and to each Board committee; 

developing and recommending
 to our Board corporate governance guidelines, and reviewing and recommending to our Board proposed changes to our corporate governance
 guidelines from time to time; and 

overseeing a periodic evaluation
 of our Board. 

The members of our
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are Alfred Novak (chairperson), Dr. Emer Leahy and Simon Dumesnil. Each of the members of our
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is an independent director under the applicable rules and regulations of Nasdaq
relating to Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee independence. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee operates
under a written charter that satisfies the applicable standards of the SEC and Nasdaq. Prof. Lawrence Steinman was a member of our
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee until March 2023 and Mr. Novak joined the Compensation Committee in March 2023. 

Director Independence 

Our Board has determined that Simon Dumesnil, Dr. Emer Leahy and Alfred
Novak are all independent as that term is defined under the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. Our Board
has determined that due to Dr. Tiago Reis Marques employment as an executive officer of the Company, he currently has a relationship
that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, such that he is not
 independent as that term is defined under the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, or the Nasdaq rules. Our Board
has also determined that beginning as of June 21, 2022, due to the Company s transaction with Alpha-5, Prof. Lawrence Steinman has
a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, such
that he is not independent as that term is defined under the Nasdaq rules. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board determined, under exceptional
and limited circumstances, that Prof. Lawrence Steinman s membership on the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and the
Compensation Committee during the period beginning on June 21, 2022 until March 30, 2023 was required by the best interests of the Company
and its stockholders due to his extensive experience with the Company s operations as a founding member, his prior involvement with
our compensation practices and director recruitment process as a member of the Compensation Committee, and the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee, while the Company searched for and engaged a new, appropriately qualified independent board member to replace him.
Further, the Board determined, under exceptional and limited circumstances, that Prof. Lawrence Steinman s membership on the Audit
Committee during the period beginning on June 21, 2022 until September 14, 2022 was required by the best interests of the Company and
its stockholders due to his extensive experience with the Company s operations as a founding member. Upon Mr. Alfred Novak s
appointment to the Board and the Audit Committee in September 2022, the Board decided it was no longer necessary to have Prof. Lawrence
Steinman serve on the Audit Committee. Further, after an appropriate period of time to allow for Mr. Alfred Novak to become familiar with
the Company s operations, compensation and recruitment policies, in March 2023 the Board decided it was appropriate to appoint Mr.
Novak to the Compensation Committee, and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees, making it no longer necessary to have Prof.
Lawrence Steinman on these committees. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

No
member of our Compensation Committee is a current or former officer or employee. None of our executive officers served as a director
or a member of a Compensation Committee (or other committee serving an equivalent function) of any other entity, one of whose executive
officers served as a director or member of our Compensation Committee during the last completed fiscal year. 

DELINQUENT
SECTION 16(a) REPORTS 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), requires officers and directors of the Company
and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent (10 of the Common Stock outstanding to file initial statements of beneficial
ownership of Common Stock (Form 3) and statements of changes in beneficial ownership of Common Stock (Forms 4 or 5) with the SEC. Officers,
directors and greater than 10 stockholders are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all such forms they file. 

On
September 6, 2022, Eric Shahinian, on behalf of Camac Capital LLC and certain of its affiliate entities, a 10 owner, filed a Form 4
reporting a purchase of our Common Stock one day late, and on August 26, 2022, Avi Geller, on behalf of Leonite Capital LLC and certain
of its affiliated entities, a 10 owner, filed a Form 4 reporting a purchase of our Common Stock three days late. Based solely upon review
of Forms 3, 4 and 5 (and amendments thereto) filed electronically with the SEC by our executive officers and directors owning more than
10 of our common stock and upon any written representations received from the executive officers and directors, other than as described
above, to our knowledge we believe that all other Section 16(a) filing requirements were met timely in fiscal year 2022. 

Corporate
Code of Conduct and Ethics 

Our
Board has adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including our
principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions.
Copies of our corporate code of conduct and ethics are available, without charge, upon request in writing to Pasithea Therapeutics Corp.,
1111 Lincoln Road, Suite 500, Miami Beach, FL 33139, Attn: Secretary and are posted on the investor relations section of our website,
which is located at www.pasithea.com . The inclusion of our website address in this 10-K does not include or incorporate by reference
the information on our website into this 10-K. We also intend to disclose any amendments to the Corporate Code of Conduct and Ethics,
or any waivers of its requirements, on our website. 

63 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

As
an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act we have opted to comply with the executive compensation disclosure rules applicable to
 smaller reporting companies, which require compensation disclosure for our principal executive officer and the two most
highly compensated executive officers (other than our principal executive officer) serving as executive officers at the end of our most
recently completed fiscal year (collectively, our Named Executive Officers ). This section describes the executive compensation
program in place for our Named Executive Officers during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, who are the individuals
who served as our principal executive officer and two most highly compensated executive officers. 

This
section discusses the material components of the executive compensation program for our executive officers who are named in the Summary
Compensation Table below and the non-employee members of our Board. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) (1) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) (4) 
 
 Tiago Reis Marques, 
 2022 
 450,000 
 89,250 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 539,250 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 243,750 
 - 
 288,000 
 140,141 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 671,891 

Daniel Schneiderman, 
 2022 
 135,205 (2) 
 57,500 
 - 
 174,498 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 367,203 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stanley M. Gloss, 
 2022 
 60,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 60,000 
 
 Former Chief Financial Officer (3) 
 2021 
 67,500 
 - 
 60,000 
 284,665 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 412,165 

(1) 
 In accordance with SEC
 rules, the amounts in this column reflect the fair value on the grant date of the option awards granted to the named executive, calculated
 in accordance with ASC Topic 718. Stock options were valued using the Black-Scholes model. The grant-date fair value does not necessarily
 reflect the value of shares which may be received in the future with respect to these awards. The grant-date fair value of the stock
 options in this column is a non-cash expense for the Company that reflects the fair value of the stock options on the grant date
 and therefore does not affect our cash balance. The fair value of the stock options will likely vary from the actual value the holder
 receives because the actual value depends on the number of options exercised and the market price of our Common Stock on the date
 of exercise. For a discussion of the assumptions made in the valuation of the stock options, see Note 4 to this Form 10-K for the
 year ended December 31, 2022. 

(2)
 
 Mr. Schneiderman
 was hired as Chief Financial Officer of the Company on October 11, 2022. Salary for Mr. Schneiderman includes 66,667 paid to Mr.
 Schneiderman as a consultant to the Company from July 1, 2022 through October 10, 2022. 

(3) 
 Mr. Gloss passed away on
 June 7, 2022. 

(4) 
 Dr. Yassine Bendiabdallah was appointed as our Chief Operating Officer
and Head of U.K Clinics on November 1, 2021. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Dr. Bendiabdallah received a
salary of 120,000 and 20,000, respectively. Dr. Bendiabdallah received no other compensation during either year. Effective November
1, 2021, we entered into a Consulting Agreement with Yassine Bendiabdallah to act as the Head of Pasithea Therapeutic U.K., manage all
Pasithea U.K. clinics and aid in our E.U. expansion. The Consulting Agreement provides an annual salary of 120,000 to be paid on a monthly
basis, includes three weeks of vacation for each year and provides for reimbursement for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with the services provided. The Consulting Agreement continues indefinitely until either party decides to terminate the
contract. Dr. Bendiabdallah resigned as our Chief Operating Officer and Head of U.K Clinics on March 28, 2023. 

64 

Employment
Agreements with our Named Executive Officers 

Employment Agreement Dr. Tiago
Reis Marques 

On
January 1, 2022, we entered into an employment agreement with Dr. Marques. Under the terms of Dr. Marques employment agreement,
he holds the position of Chief Executive Officer and receives a base salary of 450,000 annually. In addition, Dr. Marques is eligible
to receive an annual bonus, with a target amount equal to seventy-five percent (75 of Dr. Marques annual base salary. The actual
amount of each bonus will be determined by the sole discretion of our Compensation Committee and will be based upon both the Company s
performance and Dr. Marques individual performance. Pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement, Dr. Marques is also eligible
to participate in all incentive and deferred compensation programs available to other executives or officers of the Company, and will
be eligible to participate in any employee benefit plans and equity plans that we may adopt, which plans may be amended by the Company
from time to time in its sole discretion. 

Pursuant to Dr. Marques employment agreement, Dr. Marques was
paid 100,000 as a sign on bonus. We also issued to Dr. Marques stock options to purchase 200,000 shares of Common Stock under our 2021
Incentive Plan, with one-third of the total shares vesting on the 12-month anniversary of the grant date, and the remainder vesting in
equal quarterly installments thereinafter. Further, we issued to Dr. Marques Restricted Stock Units exercisable for 200,000 shares of
Common Stock, with one-third of the total shares underlying the RSUs vesting upon the 12-month anniversary of the grant date, with the
remainder vesting in equal quarterly installments thereafter. 

We
may terminate Dr. Marques employment at any time with or without Cause (as that term is defined in Mr. Marques employment
agreement) and with or without advance notice to Dr. Marques, and Dr. Marques may terminate his employment at any time for any reason
upon providing 90 days written notice to the Company. 

In
the event we terminate Dr. Marques employment without Cause, we will pay Dr. Marques the equivalent of 12 months of his base annual
salary in effect as of the date of termination, subject to standard payroll deductions and withholdings and Dr. Marques executing
a release of claims against the Company. If we terminate Dr. Marques employment for any other reason, Dr. Marques will receive
no compensation other than what he has earned at the time of the termination and he will not be entitled to any severance benefits. 

Employment
Agreement with Daniel Schneiderman 

On
October 11, 2022, we entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Schneiderman. Under the terms of Mr. Schneiderman employment
agreement, he holds the position of Chief Financial Officer and receives a base salary of 330,000 annually. In addition, Mr. Schneiderman
is eligible to receive an annual bonus, with a target amount equal to thirty-five percent (35 of Mr. Schneiderman s annual base
salary. The actual amount of each bonus will be determined by the sole discretion of our Compensation Committee and will be based upon
both the Company s performance and Mr. Schneiderman individual performance. Pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement,
Mr. Schneiderman is also eligible to participate in all incentive and deferred compensation programs available to other executives or
officers of the Company, and will be eligible to participate in any employee benefit plans and equity plans that we may adopt, which
plans may be amended by the Company from time to time in its sole discretion. 

Pursuant to Mr. Schneiderman s
employment agreement, Mr. Schneiderman was paid 30,000 as a sign on bonus. We also issued to Mr. Schneiderman stock options to purchase
300,000 shares of Common Stock under our 2021 Incentive Plan, with one-third of the total shares vesting on the one year anniversary of
the grant date, one-third of the total shares vesting on the two year anniversary of the grant date, and one-third of the total shares
vesting on the three year anniversary of the grant date. 

We may terminate Mr. Schneiderman s
employment at any time with or without Cause (as that term is defined in Mr. Schneiderman s employment agreement) and with or without
advance notice to Mr. Schneiderman, and Mr. Schneiderman may terminate his employment at any time for any reason upon providing 60 days 
written notice to the Company. 

In the event we terminate Mr. Schneiderman employment without
Cause, we will pay Mr. Schneiderman the equivalent of six months of his base annual salary in effect as of the date of termination, subject
to standard payroll deductions and withholdings and Mr. Schneiderman s executing a release of claims against the Company. His stock
options will also accelerate and fully vest on his termination date. If we terminate Mr. Schneiderman employment for any other
reason, Mr. Schneiderman will receive no compensation other than what he has earned at the time of the termination and he will not be
entitled to any severance benefits. 

Consulting Agreement with Stanley Gloss 

On April 13, 2021, we entered
into an agreement with Brio Financial Group, LLC Brio pursuant to which Stanley M. Gloss served as our Chief Financial
Officer and provided certain other specified financial and accounting services typically provided by a chief financial officer (the Brio
Agreement ). The term of the Brio Agreement ran through March 31, 2022. The Company paid a monthly fixed fee of 7,500 during the
term of the Brio Agreement. In addition, 25,000 restricted shares of Common Stock were issued to Brio which vested over the 1-year term
of the Brio Agreement. Further, the Company issued Stanley M. Gloss stock options to purchase up to 100,000 shares of the Company s
Common Stock, which options vested fully upon execution of the Brio Agreement. As of June 7, 2022, Mr. Gloss no longer provided any services
to the Company pursuant to the Brio Agreement. 

65 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The
following table summarizes, for each of our Named Executive Officers, the number of shares of our Common Stock underlying outstanding
stock options held as of December 31, 2022: 

Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Name 
 Grant Date 
 Number of Shares Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Shares Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Units of Stock That Have Not Vested 
 Market Value of Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (3)(4) 
 
 Tiago Reis Marques, Chief Executive Officer (1) 
 12/20/2021 
 66,667 
 133,333 
 1.44 
 12/20/2031 
 133,333 
 85,600 
 
 Daniel Schneiderman, Chief Financial Officer (2) 
 10/11/2021 
 - 
 300,000 
 6.00 
 10/11/2031 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stanley M. Gloss, Former Chief Financial Officer 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 Under the terms of Dr. Marques Executive Employment Agreement, on December 20, 2021, he received (i) a grant of 200,000 stock options at an exercise price equal to the closing price of the Company s Common Stock on the grant date and (ii) a grant of 200,000 restricted stock units RSUs ). Dr. Marques stock options and RSUs each vest over three years, with one-third vesting 12 months after the grant date, and the remainder vesting in equal tranches quarterly for two years thereafter. 

(2) 
 Under the terms of Mr. Schneiderman s Executive Employment Agreement, on October 11, 2022, he received a grant of 300,000 stock options at an exercise price equal to the closing price of the Company s Common Stock on the grant date. Mr. Schneiderman s stock options each vest over three years, with one-third vesting one year after the grant date, one-third vesting two years after the grant date and the one-third vesting three years after the grant date. 

(3) 
 The market value of unvested RSUs is based on the closing market price of our Common Stock of 0.642 per share on December 31, 2022. 

(4) 
 Dr. Bendiabdallah has not been awarded any options or other units of stock. 

There
were no option exercises by our Named Executive Officers during our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Incentive
Award Plans 

2021
Incentive Plan 

On
July 15, 2021, our Board adopted the 2021 Incentive Plan, which plan was approved by our stockholders on July 15, 2021. Under the 2021
Incentive Plan, we may grant cash and equity incentive awards to eligible service providers in order to attract, motivate and retain
the talent for which we compete. The material terms of the 2021 Incentive Plan are summarized below. 

Types
of Awards . The 2021 Incentive Plan provides for the grant of non-qualified stock options NQSOs ), incentive
stock options ISOs ), restricted stock awards, RSUs, unrestricted stock awards, stock appreciation rights SARs and other forms of stock-based compensation. 

Eligibility
and Administration . Employees, officers, consultants, directors, and other service providers of the Company and its affiliates
are eligible to receive awards under the 2021 Incentive Plan. The 2021 Incentive Plan is administered by the Board with respect to awards
to non-employee directors and by the Compensation Committee with respect to other participants, each of which may delegate its duties
and responsibilities to committees of the company s directors and/or officers (all such bodies and delegates referred to collectively
as the plan administrator), subject to certain limitations that may be imposed under Section 16 of the Exchange Act, and/or other applicable
law or stock exchange rules, as applicable. The plan administrator has the authority to make all determinations and interpretations under,
prescribe all forms for use with, and adopt rules for the administration of, the 2021 Incentive Plan, subject to its express terms and
conditions. The plan administrator also sets the terms and conditions of all awards under the 2021 Incentive Plan, including any vesting
and vesting acceleration conditions. 

66 

Share
Reserve . Pursuant to the 2021 Incentive Plan, we have reserved 1,280,732 shares of the Common Stock for issuance thereunder,
which reserve shall be increased annually beginning on January 1, 2022 and ending on and including January 1, 2031, equal to the lesser
of (A) 3 of the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year or
(B) such smaller number of shares as is determined by our Board. The share reserve is subject to the following adjustments: 

The share limit is increased
 by the number of shares subject to awards granted that later are forfeited, expire or otherwise terminate without issuance of shares,
 or that are settled for cash or otherwise do not result in the issuance of shares. 

Shares that are withheld
 upon exercise to pay the exercise price of a stock option or satisfy any tax withholding requirements are added back to the share
 reserve and again are available for issuance under the 2021 Incentive Plan. 

Awards
issued in substitution for awards previously granted by a company that merges with, or is acquired by, the Company do not reduce the
share reserve limit under the 2021 Incentive Plan. 

Director
Compensation. The 2021 Incentive Plan provides for an annual limit on non-employee director compensation of 500,000, increased
to 750,000 in the fiscal year of a non-employee director s initial service as a non-employee member of the Board of the Company.
This limit applies to the sum of both equity grants that could be awarded to non-employee directors during a fiscal year (based on their
value under ASC Topic 718 on the grant date) and cash compensation, such as cash retainers and meeting fees earned during a fiscal year.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board reserves the right to make an exception to these limits due to extraordinary circumstances without
the participation of the affected director receiving the additional compensation. 

Stock
Options. ISOs may be granted only to employees of the Company, or to employees of a parent or subsidiary of the Company, determined
as of the date of grant of such options. An ISO granted to a prospective employee upon the condition that such person becomes an employee
shall be deemed granted effective on the date such person commences employment. The exercise price of an ISO shall not be less than 100 
of the fair market value of the shares covered by the awards on the date of grant of such option or such other price as may be determined
pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time (the Code ). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
an ISO may be granted with an exercise price lower than the minimum exercise price set forth above if such award is granted pursuant
to an assumption or substitution for another option in a manner that complies with the provisions of Section 424(a) of the Code. Notwithstanding
any other provision of the 2021 Incentive Plan to the contrary, no ISO may be granted under the 2021 Incentive Plan after 10 years from
the date that the 2021 Incentive Plan was adopted. No ISO shall be exercisable after the expiration of 10 years after the effective date
of grant of such award, subject to the following sentence. In the case of an ISO granted to a ten percent stockholder, (i) the exercise
price shall not be less than 110 of the fair market value of a share on the date of grant of such ISO, and (ii) the exercise period
shall not exceed 5 years from the effective date of grant of such ISO. 

Restricted Stock and
Restricted Stock Units. The Compensation Committee may award restricted stock and RSUs under the 2021 Incentive Plan. Restricted
stock awards consist of shares of stock that are transferred to the participant subject to restrictions that may result in forfeiture
if specified vesting conditions are not satisfied. RSU awards result in the transfer of shares of stock to the participant only after
specified vesting conditions are satisfied. A holder of restricted stock is treated as a current stockholder and shall be entitled to
dividend and voting rights, whereas the holder of a restricted stock unit is treated as a stockholder with respect to the award only
when the shares are delivered in the future. RSUs may include dividend equivalents. Specified vesting conditions may include performance
goals to be achieved during any performance period and the length of the performance period. The Compensation Committee may, in its discretion,
make adjustments to performance goals based on certain changes in the Company s business operations, corporate or capital structure
or other circumstances. When the participant satisfies the conditions of an RSU award, the Company may settle the award (including any
related dividend equivalent rights) in shares, cash or other property, as determined by the Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion. 

Stock Appreciation Rights.
 Under the 2021 Incentive Plan, the Compensation Committee may grant SARs to any eligible individual at such time or times, in
such amounts, and on such terms and conditions as the Compensation Committee determines. Upon the exercise of a SAR, the recipient will
be entitled to receive a payment equal to the fair market value per share of our Common Stock as of the date of exercise, less the base
price applicable to the right, multiplied by the number of shares with respect to which such right is exercised. Such payment shall be
made in the form of shares (valued at their fair market value on the date of exercise), in cash, or in a combination of cash and shares,
subject to applicable tax withholdings. The base price of a SAR must be at least equal to the fair market value per share of our Common
Stock as of the date of grant. The requirements for vesting and exercisability may be based on the continuous employment or service of
a recipient for a specified time period (or periods) or on the attainment of a specified performance goal (or goals) established by the
Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee may, in its sole discretion, accelerate the vesting or exercisability of any SAR at
any time. 

67 

Other Shares or Share-Based
Awards . The Compensation Committee may grant other forms of equity-based or equity-related awards other than stock options, restricted
stock or restricted stock units. The terms and conditions of each stock-based award shall be determined by the Compensation Committee. 

Clawback
Rights . Awards granted under the 2021 Incentive Plan will be subject to recoupment or clawback under the Company s clawback
policy or applicable law, both as in effect from time to time. 

Sale of the Company .
Awards granted under the 2021 Incentive Plan do not automatically accelerate and vest, become exercisable (with respect to stock options),
or have performance targets deemed earned at target level if there is a sale of the Company. The Company does not use a liberal 
definition of change in control as defined in Institutional Shareholder Services proxy voting guidelines. The 2021 Incentive Plan
provides flexibility to the Compensation Committee to determine how to adjust awards at the time of a sale of the Company. 

No
Repricing . The 2021 Incentive Plan prohibits the amendment of the terms of any outstanding award, and any other action taken
in a manner to achieve (i) the reduction of the exercise price of NQSOs, ISOs or stock appreciation rights (collectively, Stock
Rights (ii) the cancellation of outstanding Stock Rights in exchange for cash or other awards with an exercise price that is
less than the exercise price or base price of the original award; (iii) the cancellation of outstanding Stock Rights with an exercise
price or base price that is less than the then current fair market value of a share of Common Stock in exchange for other awards, cash
or other property; or (iv) otherwise effect a transaction that would be considered a repricing for the purposes of the
stockholder approval rules of the applicable securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which the Common Stock is listed
or quoted without stockholder approval. 

Transferability of
Awards. Except as described below, awards under the 2021 Incentive Plan generally are not transferable by the recipient other
than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Any amounts payable or shares issuable pursuant to an award generally will be paid
only to the recipient or the recipient s beneficiary or representative. The Compensation Committee has discretion, however, to
permit certain transfer of awards to other persons or entities. 

Adjustments.
 As is customary in incentive plans of this nature, each share limit and the number and kind of shares available under the 2021
Incentive Plan and any outstanding awards, as well as the exercise price or base price of awards, and performance targets under certain
types of performance-based awards, are subject to adjustment in the event of certain reorganizations, mergers, combinations, recapitalizations,
stock splits, stock dividends, or other similar events that change the number or kind of shares outstanding, and extraordinary dividends
or distributions of property to the stockholders. 

Amendment and Termination.
 The Board may amend, modify or terminate the 2021 Incentive Plan without stockholder approval, except that stockholder approval
must be obtained for any amendment that, in the reasonable opinion of the Board or the Compensation Committee, constitute a material change
requiring stockholder approval under applicable laws, policies or regulations or the applicable listing or other requirements of a stock
exchange on which shares of Common Stock are then listed. The 2021 Incentive Plan will terminate upon the earliest of (1) termination
of the 2021 Incentive Plan by the Board, or (2) the tenth anniversary of the Board adoption of the 2021 Incentive Plan. Awards outstanding
upon expiration of the 2021 Incentive Plan shall remain in effect until they have been exercised or terminated, or have expired. 

Indemnification
Agreements 

We
have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers. These agreements, among other things,
require us or will require us to indemnify each director and executive officer to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, including
indemnification of expenses such as attorneys fees, judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by the director or executive
officer in any action or proceeding, including any action or proceeding by or in right of us, arising out of the person s services
as a director or executive officer. For further information, see Description of Capital Stock-Limitations on Liability and Indemnification
Matters. 

68 

Policies
and Procedures for Related Person Transactions 

Our
Board has adopted a written related person transaction policy, setting forth the policies and procedures for the review and approval
or ratification of related person transactions. This policy covers, with certain exceptions as set forth in Item 404 of Regulation S-K
under the Securities Act, any transaction, arrangement or relationship, or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships,
in which we were or are to be a participant, where the amount involved will be the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of assets the average of
our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, in any fiscal year and a related person had, has or will have a
direct or indirect material interest, including without limitation, purchases of goods or services by or from the related person or entities
in which the related person has a material interest, indebtedness, guarantees of indebtedness and employment by us of a related person.
In reviewing and approving any such transactions, our Audit Committee is tasked to consider all relevant facts and circumstances, including,
but not limited to (i) whether the transaction is on terms comparable to those that could be obtained in an arm s length
transaction with an unrelated party; (ii) the extent of the related person s interest in the transaction; (iii) the benefits
to the Company; (iv) the impact on a director s independence in the event the related person is a director, an immediately
family member of a director or an entity in which a director is a partner, stockholder or executive officer; (v) the availability
of other sources for comparable products or services; (vi) the terms of the transaction; and (vii) the terms available to unrelated
third parties. 

All related-party transactions
may only be consummated if our Audit Committee has approved or ratified such transaction in accordance with the guidelines set forth
in the policy. Any member of the Audit Committee who is a related person with respect to a transaction under review will not be permitted
to participate in the deliberations or vote respecting approval or ratification of the transaction. However, such director may be counted
in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Audit Committee that considers the transaction. 

Limitations
on Liability and Indemnification Matters 

Our Certificate of Incorporation
limits our directors liability to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law, which prohibits our Certificate of Incorporation
from limiting the liability of our directors for the following: 

any breach of the director s
 duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders; 

acts or omissions not in
 good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; 

unlawful payment of dividends
 or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions; or 

any transaction from which
 the director derived an improper personal benefit. 

If
Delaware law is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of a director, then the
liability of our directors will be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, as so amended. 

Our Bylaws provide that we
indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law and that we shall have the power to indemnify
our employees and agents to the fullest extent permitted by law. Our Bylaws also permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer,
director, employee or other agent for any liability arising out of his or her actions in this capacity, regardless of whether we would
have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL. 

69 

We have entered into indemnification
agreements with our directors and executive officers, in addition to indemnification provided for in our Bylaws. These agreements, among
other things, provide for indemnification of our directors and executive officers for expenses, judgments, fines and settlement amounts
incurred by such persons in any action or proceeding arising out of this person s services as a director or executive officer or
at our request. We believe that these provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws and indemnification agreements are necessary
to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and executive officers. 

The above description of the
limitation of liability and indemnification provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation, our Bylaws and our indemnification agreements
is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to these documents, each of which is filed as an exhibit to this Form 10-K. 

The limitation of liability
and indemnification provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against
our directors for breach of their fiduciary duties. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and
officers, even though an action, if successful, might benefit us and our stockholders. A stockholder s investment may be harmed
to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant
to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed
in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. There is no pending litigation or proceeding naming any of our directors or officers
as to which indemnification is being sought, nor are we aware of any pending or threatened litigation that may result in claims for indemnification
by any director or officer. 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table sets forth for each non-employee director that served as a director during the year ended December 31, 2022 certain information
concerning his or her compensation for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) (1) 
 Non-equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total )(2) 
 
 Prof. Lawrence Steinman 
 160,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 90,000 (5) 
 250,000 
 
 Simon Dumesnil 
 60,000 (3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 60,000 
 
 Dr. Emer Leahy 
 60,000 (3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 60,000 
 
 Alfred Novak 
 14,658 (4) 
 - 
 48,933 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 63,591 

(1) 
 In accordance with SEC rules, the amounts in this column reflect the fair value on the grant date of the option awards granted to the named executive, calculated in accordance with ASC Topic 718. Stock options were valued using the Black-Scholes model. The grant-date fair value does not necessarily reflect the value of shares which may be received in the future with respect to these awards. The grant-date fair value of the stock options in this column is a non-cash expense for the Company that reflects the fair value of the stock options on the grant date and therefore does not affect our cash balance. The fair value of the stock options will likely vary from the actual value the holder receives because the actual value depends on the number of options exercised and the market price of our Common Stock on the date of exercise. For a discussion of the assumptions made in the valuation of the stock options, see Note 5 (Stockholders Equity) to our financial statements, which are included in this 10-K. 

(2) 
 All directors receive reimbursement for reasonable out of pocket expenses in attending Board meetings and for participating in our business. 

(3) 
 Amount includes (i) 45,000 in fees paid during fiscal year 2021 for services rendered during fiscal year 2022 and (ii) 15,000 in fees paid during fiscal year 2023 for services rendered during fiscal year 2022. 

(4) 
 Amount includes 7,537 in fees paid during fiscal year 2023 for services
rendered during fiscal year 2022. 

(5) 
 Amount received for consulting services rendered to the Company during fiscal year 2022. 

70 

Compensation
Policy for Non-Employee Directors. 

The
material terms of the non-employee director compensation program, as it is currently contemplated, are summarized below. 

The non-employee director
compensation program provides for annual retainer fees and/or long-term equity awards for our non-employee directors. Each non-employee
director is eligible to receive an annual retainer of 50,000 plus an additional 10,000 for each Board committee that he or she chairs.
A non-employee director serving as Chairman of the Board is eligible to receive an additional annual retainer of 100,000. Additionally,
upon joining the Board, Non-employee directors are eligible to receive stock options to purchase 100,000 shares of Common Stock, with
50 of the shares subject to the options vesting after the first year of service and 50 vesting after the second year. 

Compensation
under our non-employee director compensation policy is subject to the annual limits on non-employee director compensation set forth in
the 2021 Incentive Plan, as described above. Our Board or an authorized committee may modify the non-employee director compensation program
from time to time in the exercise of its business judgment, taking into account such factors, circumstances and considerations as it
shall deem relevant from time to time, subject to the annual limit on non-employee director compensation set forth in the 2021 Incentive
Plan. As provided in the 2021 Incentive Plan, our Board or its authorized committee may make exceptions to this limit for individual
non-employee directors in extraordinary circumstances, as the Board or its authorized committee may determine in its discretion. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Holders and Management 

The
following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of March 27, 2023 by: 

each of our Named Executive
Officers; 

each of our directors;
 and 

all of our executive officers
 and directors as a group. 

71 

The
number of shares beneficially owned by each stockholder is determined in accordance with the rules issued by the SEC, and the information
is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under these rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares
as to which the individual or entity has sole or shared voting power or investment power, which includes the power to dispose of or to
direct the disposition of such security. Except as indicated in the footnotes below, we believe, based on the information furnished to
us, that the individuals and entities named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Common
Stock beneficially owned by them, subject to any community property laws. 

Percentage ownership of our Common Stock is based on 26,126,740 shares
of Common Stock outstanding as of March 27, 2023. In computing the number of shares beneficially owned by an individual or entity and
the percentage ownership of that person, shares of Common Stock subject to options, restricted units, warrants or other rights held by
such person that are currently exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days of March 27, 2023 are considered outstanding, although
these shares are not considered outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

To
calculate a stockholder s percentage of beneficial ownership of Common Stock, we must include in the numerator and denominator
those shares of Common Stock, as well as those shares of Common Stock underlying options, warrants and convertible securities, that such
stockholder is considered to beneficially own. Shares of Common Stock, and Common Stock underlying options, warrants and convertible
securities, held by other stockholders, however, are disregarded in this calculation. Therefore, the denominator used in calculating
beneficial ownership of each of the stockholders may be different. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed below is c/o Pasithea Therapeutics Corp., 1111 Lincoln Road, Suite 500,
Miami Beach, FL 33139. To our knowledge, there is no arrangement, including any pledge by any person of securities of the Company, the
operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Company. 

Beneficial Ownership 

Common Stock 
 
 Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Shares (1) 
 (2) 
 
 5 or Greater Stockholders 

PD Joint Holdings, LLC (3) 
 3,408,696 
 12.7 
 
 Named Executive Officers and Directors: 

Dr. Tiago Reis Marques (4) 
 776,668 
 3.0 
 
 Daniel Schneiderman (5) 
 - 

Prof. Lawrence Steinman (6) 
 1,547,174 
 5.9 
 
 Dr. Emer Leahy (7) 
 50,000 

Simon Dumesnil (8) 
 100,000 

Alfred Novak (9) 
 - 

Yassine Bendiabdallah (10) 
 300,000 
 1.2 
 
 All Directors and Officers as a group (7 persons) 
 2,773,842 
 10.4 

Less than 1 . 

(1) Beneficial
 ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting
 or investment power with respect to securities. All entries exclude beneficial ownership
 of shares issuable pursuant to warrants, options or other derivative securities that have
 not vested or that are not otherwise exercisable as of the date hereof or which will not
 become vested or exercisable within 60 days. 

(2) Percentages are rounded to nearest tenth of a percent. Percentages
are based on 26,126,740 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of March 27, 2023. Warrants, stock options or other derivative securities
that are presently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days are deemed to be beneficially owned by the person holding such securities
for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of that person, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing
the percentage of any other person. 

72 

(3) Consists of (i) 2,608,696 shares of Common Stock and (ii) 800,000 shares
of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of a warrant held directly by PD Joint Holdings, LLC Series 2016-A. All share information is
based on information disclosed in a statement on Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 15, 2023 on behalf of Paul B. Manning, Bradford
Manning, PD Joint Holdings, LLC, Series 2016-A, and Tiger Lily Capital, LLC. The business address for each person and entity named in
this footnote is 200 Garrett Street, Suite S, Charlottesville, Virginia 22902. 

(4) 
 Includes (i) 683,334 shares of Common Stock and (ii) 83,334 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of vested stock options. Excludes (i) 116,666 unvested options and (ii) 116,666 unvested restricted stock units. 

(5) 
 Excludes 300,000 unvested stock options. 

(6) 
 Includes (i) 1,297,174 shares of Common Stock, (ii) 200,000 shares of Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of warrants, and (iii) 50,000 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of vested stock options. Excludes 50,000
unvested stock options. 

(7) 
 Includes 50,000 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of vested stock options. Excludes 50,000 unvested stock options. 

(8) 
 Includes (i) 50,000 shares of Common Stock and (ii) 50,000 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of vested stock options. Excludes 50,000 unvested stock options. 

(9) 
 Excludes 100,000 unvested stock options. 

(10) 
 Includes 300,000 shares of Common Stock. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Existing Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table summarizes certain information regarding our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: 

Plan
 Category 
 Number
 of 
 Securities to
 be Issued 
 Upon Exercise
 of Outstanding 

 Options 
 Weighted-Average Exercise 

 Price of Outstanding
 Options (2) 
 Number
 of 
 Securities Remaining 

 Available for Future Issuance 
Under Equity 
 Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities 

 Reflected in Column
(a)) (3) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
 1,500,000 
 2.28 
 466,483 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 1,500,000 
 2.28 
 466,483 

(1) 
 Consists of 1,300,000 stock
 options and 200,000 restricted stock units under the 2021 Incentive Plan. For a description of the 2021 Plan, see Note 4 to
 our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

(2) 
 The weighted average exercise price does not take into account outstanding
restricted stock units, which have no exercise price. 

(3) 
 The number of shares of
 Common Stock available for grant and issuance under the 2021 Plan is subject to an automatic annual increase on January 1 of each
 year beginning on January 1, 2022 by an amount equal to 3 of the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding on December
 31 of the preceding calendar year. 

73 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Transactions
with Related Persons 

Except
as set out below, as of January 1, 2021, there have been no transactions, or currently proposed transactions, in which we were or are
to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end
for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any of the following persons had or will have a direct or indirect material interest: 

any director or executive
 officer of our company; 

any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, shares carrying
more than 5 of the voting rights attached to our outstanding shares of Common Stock; 

any promoters and control
 persons; and 

any member of the immediate
 family (including spouse, parents, children, siblings and in laws) of any of the foregoing persons. 

Pursuant
to our Audit Committee charter adopted in 2021, the Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing and approving, prior to our entry into
any such transaction, all transactions in which we are a participant and in which any parties related to us have or will have a direct
or indirect material interest. 

The
following includes a summary of transactions since January 1, 2021 to which we have been a party in which the amount involved will be
the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of our assets, and in which any of our directors, executive officers or, to our knowledge, beneficial owners
of more than 5 of our capital stock or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons had or will have a direct
or indirect material interest, other than equity and other compensation, termination, change in control and other arrangements, which
are described under Executive and Director Compensation. We also describe below certain other transactions with our directors,
executive officers and stockholders. 

Related
Party Transactions 

Alpha-5
integrin, LLC 

On
June 21, 2022, we entered into the Alpha-5 Agreement with the Alpha-5 Sellers, pursuant to which the Alpha-5 Sellers sold all
of the issued and outstanding equity of Alpha-5 to the Company. Alpha-5 is a preclinical-stage company developing a monoclonal antibody
(mAbs) for the treatment of ALS and other neuroinflammatory disorders, such as Multiple Sclerosis. In connection with the transaction,
we issued to the Alpha-5 Sellers 3,260,870 shares of our Common Stock, which had a market value of 1.01 million on the date of the transaction,
and warrants exercisable for 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of 1.88 per share, expiring five years from the acquisition
date, the aggregate fair value of which was 0.4 million at the date of acquisition. 

Prof. Lawrence Steinman, our
Executive Chairman and Co-Founder, was a 20 owner of Alpha-5 at the time of the transaction. 

Zen
Healthcare 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, we entered into a Collaboration Agreement, as amended and restated on August 4, 2021 (the Zen
Knightsbridge Collaboration Agreement with Purecare Limited Purecare ), a company that operates a health clinic
known as Zen Knightsbridge Clinic (the Zen Knightsbridge Clinic ), whereby both parties agreed to collaborate on the provision
of treatments at Purecare s London based clinic. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2020, we entered into a Collaboration
Agreement, as amended and restated on August 4, 2021 (the Zen Baker Street Collaboration Agreement with Portman Health
Ltd Portman ), a company that operates a health clinic known as Zen Baker Street Clinic (the Zen Baker Street Clinic ). 

Our
former Chief Operating Officer, Head of UK Clinics, Dr. Yassine Bendiabdallah, is a co-founder, current managing director, and 25 shareholder
of Purecare. Dr. Bendiabdallah is also a co-founder and 16.25 shareholder of Portman. 

PsychoGenics, Inc. 

We are currently negotiating with PsychoGenics, Inc. PsychoGenics for the conduct of one of our preclinical studies. PsychoGenics is a CMO with extensive experience running studies like the one we plan
on conducting. Pursuant to the proposed transaction, we anticipate aggregate payments to PsychoGenics may total approximately 0.3 million
over the term of the contract. 

Dr. Emer Leahy, a member of our Board, is the current
Chief Executive Officer and a less than 5 owner of PsychoGenics. 

74 

Brio
Financial Group 

On April 13, 2021, we entered into the Brio Agreement pursuant to which
Brio provided Stanley M. Gloss to serve as our Chief Financial Officer and also provided certain other specified financial and accounting
services typically provided by a chief financial officer. The initial term of the Brio Agreement ran through March 31, 2022. The Company
paid a monthly fixed fee of 7,500 during the term of the Brio Agreement. In addition, 25,000 restricted shares of Common Stock were issued
to Brio which vested over the 1-year term of the Brio Agreement. Further, the Company issued Stanley M. Gloss stock options to purchase
up to 100,000 shares of Common Stock, which options vested fully upon execution of the Brio Agreement and had an exercise price of 5.00
per share. As of June 7, 2022, Mr. Gloss no longer provided any services to the Company pursuant to the Brio Agreement. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
Board of the Company has appointed Marcum LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm (the Independent Auditor for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The following table sets forth the fees billed to the Company for professional services
rendered by Marcum LLP for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

Year
 Ended December 31, 
 
 Services: 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 295,546 
 179,347 
 
 Audit-Related Fees (2) 
 51,034 
 16,480 
 
 Tax Fees (3) 
 - 
 - 
 
 All
 Other Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total
 fees 
 346,580 
 195,827 

(1) Audit
fees consisted of audit work performed in the preparation of financial statements, as well as work generally only the independent registered
public accounting firm can reasonably be expected to provide, such as statutory audits. 

(2) Audit
related fees consisted principally of procedures related to regulatory filings in 2022 and 2021. 

(3) The
tax fees were paid for reviewing various tax related matters. 

Policy
on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-audit Services of Independent Public Accountant 

Consistent
with SEC policies regarding auditor independence, the Audit Committee has responsibility for appointing, setting compensation and overseeing
the work of our independent registered public accounting firm. In recognition of this responsibility, the Audit Committee has established
a policy to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. 

75 

Prior
to engagement of an independent registered public accounting firm for the next year s audit, management will submit an aggregate
of services expected to be rendered during that year for each of four categories of services to the Audit Committee for approval. 

1. Audit
 services include audit work performed in the preparation of financial statements, as well as work that generally only an independent
registered public accounting firm can reasonably be expected to provide, including comfort letters, statutory audits, and attest services
and consultation regarding financial accounting and/or reporting standards. 

2. Audit-Related
 services are for assurance and related services that are traditionally performed by an independent registered public accounting
firm, including due diligence related to mergers and acquisitions, employee benefit plan audits, and special procedures required to meet
certain regulatory requirements. 

3. Tax
 services include all services performed by an independent registered public accounting firm s tax personnel except those
services specifically related to the audit of the financial statements, and includes fees in the areas of tax compliance, tax planning,
and tax advice. 

4. Other
Fees are those associated with services not captured in the other categories. The Company generally does not request such services
from our independent registered public accounting firm. 

Prior
to engagement, the Audit Committee pre-approves these services by category of service. The fees are budgeted and the Audit Committee
requires our independent registered public accounting firm and management to report actual fees versus the budget periodically throughout
the year by category of service. During the year, circumstances may arise when it may become necessary to engage our independent registered
public accounting firm for additional services not contemplated in the original pre-approval. In those instances, the Audit Committee
requires specific pre-approval before engaging our independent registered public accounting firm. 

The
Audit Committee may delegate pre-approval authority to one or more of its members. The member to whom such authority is delegated must
report, for informational purposes only, any pre-approval decisions to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. 

All
services rendered by Marcum after our initial public offering in our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were pre-approved by
our Audit Committee. 

76 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

a) Financial
Statements 

Our
consolidated financial statements are set forth in Part II, Item 8 of this 10-K and are incorporated herein by reference. 

b) Financial
Statement Schedules 

No
financial statement schedules have been filed as part of this 10-K because they are not applicable or are not required or because the
information is otherwise included herein. 

c) Exhibits
required by Regulation S-K 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 2.01 
 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement entered into June 21, 2022, by and among Pasithea Therapeutics Corp., Alpha-5 integrin, LLC, and certain Sellers (as defined in the agreement) (incorporated by reference to exhibit 2.01 of the Company s Form 10-Q, filed with the Commission on August 15, 2022). 
 
 2.02 
 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated October 11, 2022 by and among Pasithea Therapeutics Corp., AlloMek Therapeutics, LLC, the Persons listed on Schedule 1.1 thereto, and Uday Khire, not individually but in his capacity as the representative of the Persons listed on Schedule 1.1 thereto (incorporated by reference to exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on October 12, 2022). 
 
 2.03 
 
 Form of Lock-up Agreement dated October 11, 2022 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on October 12, 2022). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Pasithea Therapeutics Corp. (incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-255205), filed with the Commission on April 13, 2021, as amended). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended Restated Bylaws of Pasithea Therapeutics Corp. 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate evidencing the shares of Common Stock (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-255205), filed with the Commission on April 13, 2021, as amended). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant Agent Agreement, including Form of Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-255205), filed with the Commission on April 13, 2021, as amended). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Representative Warrant (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.3 of the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-255205), filed with the Commission on April 13, 2021, as amended). 
 
 4.4 
 
 Description of Securities. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Zen Knightsbridge Collaboration Agreement (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-255205), filed with the Commission on April 13, 2021, as amended). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Zen Baker Street Collaboration Agreement (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-255205), filed with the Commission on April 13, 2021, as amended). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Professional Corporation Agreement (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-255205), filed with the Commission on April 13, 2021, as amended). 
 
 10.4 
 
 IV Docs Subcontract Agreement (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-255205), filed with the Commission on April 13, 2021, as amended). 

77 

10.5+ 
 
 Employment Agreement between Pasithea Therapeutics Corp. and Dr. Tiago Reis Marques (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-255205), filed with the Commission on April 13, 2021, as amended). 
 
 10.6+ 
 
 2021 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-255205), filed with the Commission on April 13, 2021, as amended). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Officers and Directors (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.8 of the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-255205), filed with the Commission on April 13, 2021, as amended). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Stock Option Grant Notice and Agreement between Pasithea Therapeutics Corp. and Stanley M. Gloss (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.9 of the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-255205), filed with the Commission on April 13, 2021, as amended). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Placement Agent Agreement, dated November 24, 2021 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on November 29, 2021). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on November 29, 2021). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form of Warrants (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on November 29, 2021). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on November 29, 2021). 

10.13+ 
 
 Yassine Bendiabdallah Consulting Agreement with Pasithea Therapeutics Limited (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.14 of the Company s Form 10-K, filed with the Commission on March 30, 2022). 

10.14+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2022, between Pasithea Therapeutics Corp. and Dr. Tiago Reis Marques (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.15 of the Company s Form 10-K/A, filed with the Commission on May 12, 2022). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Stock Option Agreement, dated December 20, 2021, between Pasithea Therapeutics Corp. and Dr. Tiago Reis Marques (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.16 of the Company s Form 10-K/A, filed with the Commission on May 12, 2022). 
 
 10.16 
 
 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, dated December 20, 2021, between Pasithea Therapeutics Corp. and Dr. Tiago Reis Marques (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.17 of the Company s Form 10-K/A, filed with the Commission on May 12, 2022). 
 
 10.17+ 
 
 Employment Agreement with Daniel Schneiderman (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 10-Q, filed with the Commission on November 14, 2022). 
 
 10.18 
 
 Settlement and Cooperation Agreement dated December 9, 2022, by and between Pasithea Therapeutics Corp. and Camac Fund, LP and its affiliates (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on December 14, 2022). 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Marcum LLP). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a), promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a), promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 
 
 + 
 Indicates a management
 contract or any compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not
applicable. 

78 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

PASITHEA
THERAPEUTICS CORP. 

By: 
 /s/
 Dr. Tiago Reis Marques 

Dr. Tiago Res Marques 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 30, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Daniel Schneiderman 

Daniel Schneiderman 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: March 30, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Dr. Tiago Reis Marques 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Dr. Tiago Reis Marques 
 
 (Principal executive officer) 

/s/ Daniel
 Schneiderman 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Daniel Schneiderman 
 
 (Principal financial and accounting officer) 

/s/ Prof.
 Lawrence Steinman 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Prof. Lawrence Steinman 

/s/ Simon
 Dumesnil 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Simon Dumesnil 

/s/ Dr.
 Emer Leahy 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Dr. Emer Leahy 

/s/ Alfred
 Novak 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Alfred Novak 

79 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

PASITHEA
THERAPEUTICS CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM PCAOB ID# F-2 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Pasithea Therapeutics Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Pasithea Therapeutics Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in
the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). 
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended
December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting
firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March 30 , 2023 

F- 2 

PASITHEA
THERAPEUTICS CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Other receivables 
 
 -

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Right of use asset-operating lease 
 
 -

Intangibles, net 
 
 -

Goodwill 
 
 -

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Lease liability - short term position 
 
 -

Total current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

Lease liability 
 
 -

Warrant liabilities 

Total non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 15) 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value , shares authorized; issued and outstanding 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value , shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

PASITHEA
THERAPEUTICS CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 

Cost of services 

Gross margin 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 

Research and development 
 
 -

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Interest expense 

Gain on forgiveness of accounts payable 
 
 -

Litigation settlements 
 
 -

Other income, net 

Loss before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted net loss per common share

Comprehensive loss: 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation 

Comprehensive loss 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

PASITHEA
THERAPEUTICS CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Loss 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balance
 at December 31, 2020 

- 

Stock-based
 compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of shares for cash 

- 
 - 

Issuance
 of shares for services 

- 
 - 

Share
 adjustment (Note 8) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance
 of public warrants 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of representatives warrants 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Sale
 of Units, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs 

- 
 - 

Sale
 of common stock and warrants, net of fees and costs 

- 
 - 

Exercise
 of warrants for cash 

- 
 - 

Foreign
 currency translation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 at December 31, 2021 

Stock-based
 compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Shares
 issued for services 

- 

Common
 shares and warrants issued for acquisition 

- 
 - 

Common
 shares and warrants issued for acquisition of intangible assets 

- 
 - 

Shares
 repurchased in litigation settlement 

- 
 - 

Foreign
 currency translation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 at December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

PASITHEA
THERAPEUTICS CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Stock-based compensation 

Shares issued for services 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Amortization expense 
 
 -

Bad debt expense 
 
 -

Non-cash lease expense 
 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 
 
 -

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Cash acquired in business combination 
 
 -

Acquisitions of intangible assets 
 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Cash proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of fees and costs 
 -

Cash proceeds from sale of units in IPO, net of fees and costs 
 -

Sale of common stock and warrants, net of fees and costs 
 -

Cash proceeds received from exercise of warrants 
 -

Payment of offering costs 
 -

Repurchase of shares in litigation settlement 
 
 -

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Effect of foreign currency translation on cash 

NET CHANGE IN CASH 

Cash - Beginning of period 

Cash - End of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Equity purchase consideration for acquired business 
 
 -

Equity purchase consideration for acquired intangible assets 
 
 -

Lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets 
 
 -

Initial recording of warrant liabilities 
 -

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

PASITHEA
THERAPEUTICS CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

F- 7 

million in its operating bank account and working capital of approximately
 million. The Company s major sources of cash have been comprised of proceeds from various private offerings, the Initial
Public Offering and exercise of warrants. The Company is dependent on obtaining additional working
capital funding from the sale of equity and/or debt securities in order to continue to execute its development plans and continue operations.
 Based on the foregoing, management believes that the Company will have sufficient working capital to meet its needs through twelve
months from the date of these financial statements. 

F- 8 

million of grant income related
to this grant as a contra expense within research and development. 

, consisting of of underwriting
fees and expenses and of costs related to the Initial Public Offering. Offering costs are allocated to the separable financial
instruments issued in the Initial Public Offering based on the relative fair value basis compared to total proceeds received. 

balance of deferred tax assets on the consolidated
balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F- 9 

. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not experienced
losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

F- 10 

- 
 - 
 
 Representative Warrant liabilities, December 31, 2022 
 
 - 
 - 

Liabilities: 

Public Warrant liabilities, December 31, 2021 
 
 - 
 - 

Representative Warrant liabilities, December 31, 2021 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuances 
 -

Exercises 
 -

Change in fair value 

Representative warrant liabilities, December 13, 2021 

Issuances 
 -

Exercises 
 -

Changes in fair value 

Representative warrant liabilities, December 31, 2022 

of the
payment in advance from the patients, who personally pay for the services. The Company retains of revenues from ketamine infusion
treatments, less certain clinical staff costs which result from the provision of the treatments. The Company has determined that it acts
as an agent under the business support services agreements and recognizes the net revenues retained from ketamine infusion treatments
in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

F- 11 

(the Common
Stock outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted earnings per share is computed similar to basic earnings per share, except
the weighted average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding are increased to include additional shares from the assumed exercise
of share options, if dilutive. Since the effect of common stock equivalents is anti-dilutive with respect to losses, options, warrants,
and restricted stock units have been excluded from the Company s computation of net loss per common share for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

Average rate, GBP to US 
 for the period ended 

Closing rate, Euro (EUR)
 to US at period end 

Average rate, EUR to US 
 for the period ended 

F- 12 

F- 13 

Units at a price of per Unit for total gross
proceeds of million. The Company incurred offering costs of approximately million, consisting of approximately million
of underwriting fees and expenses and approximately million of costs related to the Initial Public Offering for total net proceeds
to the Company of approximately million. 

shares of Common Stock
and/or warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On September 17, 2021,
the underwriters exercised their option to purchase an additional Public Warrants at per warrant, resulting in proceeds
to the Company of approximately . On October 29, 2021, the underwriters option with respect to shares of Common Stock
lapsed. 

- 
 
 Medical equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Office
 equipment 

Property and equipment,
 gross 

Less:
 accumulated depreciation 

Property
 and equipment, net 

F- 14 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

at inception. The ROU asset is recorded as a component of non-current assets and the liability a component of current
and non-current liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company discounted the future lease payments of this
lease using the prevailing collateralized lending rate which would be extended to the Company based on its credit profile relative to
the period of inception, and the duration of the lease from inception. The interest rate used in calculating the fair value listed above
was . 

per month to December
31, 2022. Starting January 1, 2023, the monthly rent will increase by annually, to per month in 2023, and in 2024. 

at inception. The ROU asset is recorded as a component of non-current assets and
the liability a component of current and non-current liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company discounted
the future lease payments of this lease using the prevailing collateralized lending rate which would be extended to the Company based
on its credit profile relative to the period of inception, and the duration of the lease from inception. The interest rate used in calculating
the fair value listed above was . 

Current liabilities 
 operating lease liabilities 

Non-current liabilities
 operating lease liabilities 

Cash paid for amounts included
 in the measurement of operating lease liabilities 

F- 15 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

of Alpha-5 s outstanding membership interests. One of the sellers of Alpha-5, Lawrence Steinman, is the Company s Chairman,
and as such is considered a related party to the Company. Alpha-5 was a preclinical-stage company developing a monoclonal antibody (mAbs)
for the treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ALS and other neuroinflammatory disorders, such as Multiple Sclerosis.
In connection with the transaction, the Company issued to the Alpha-5 sellers shares of Common Stock, which had a market value
of on the date of the transaction, and warrants to acquire shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share,
for a period of from the acquisition date, the aggregate fair value of which was million at the date of acquisition. 

Warrants
 issued as consideration 

Total purchase consideration 

Prepaid assets 

Fixed assets 

In-process research and development 

Accounts
 payable accrued expenses 
 ) 
 
 Net
 assets acquired, excluding Goodwill 

Goodwill 

. 

F- 16 

of the issued
and outstanding equity interests of AlloMeK Therapeutics, LLC AlloMek from the holders thereof on a cash free, debt-free
basis (the AlloMek Acquisition ). AlloMek was a pre-clinical biotechnology company focused on developing CIP-137401, a macrocyclic
MEK Inhibitor with a unique potency, safety and pharmacokinetic profile. The Company acquired all issued and outstanding equity interests
of AlloMek in exchange for: In connection with the closing, each of the sellers
entered into a two-year Lock-up Agreement with the Company regarding the shares of Common Stock received by the sellers pursuant. On
the one-year anniversary of the closing date, the restrictions contained in the Lock-Up Agreements will terminate for shares
of Common Stock, and then in each subsequent month, the restrictions will cease for an additional shares of Common Stock. 

shares of Pasithea common stock 

Warrants to acquire shares of common stock at exercise price of 

Cash 

Non-refundable payment for
 AlloMek transaction expenses 

Pasithea
 transaction expenses 

Total
 cost of asset acquisition 

-

Patents and intellectual property 

Intangible assets, net 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

million of goodwill in connection with the acquisition of Alpha-5 Integrin.
The goodwill recognized is allocated to the Therapeutics segment. 

F- 17 

shares. 

and shares of its Common Stock issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

vote for each share of Common Stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders.
Our Charter and Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws do not provide for cumulative voting rights. 

shares, which will, on January 1 of each calendar year, beginning
on January 1, 2022 and ending on and including January 1, 2031, unless the Board decides otherwise, automatically increase to equal to
the lessor of (A) three percent of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding
calendar year or (B) such smaller number of Shares as is determined by the Board. 

to . The Company issued an aggregate of and stock options under the 2021 Plan during the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, total shares were available under the 2021 Plan, of which 
were issued and outstanding and shares were available for potential issuances. 

per share that closed on of January 31, 2021. The Company issued a total of shares of Common
Stock for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately related to such private placement. 

F- 18 

per share that closed on June 30, 2021. The Company issued a total of shares of
Common Stock for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately related to such second private placement. 

shares of Common Stock to existing investors related
to an administrative correction, with no significant effect on the Company s financial statements. 

shares of Common Stock in connection with the Initial
Public Offering as referenced in Note 3. 

shares of Common Stock pursuant to exercises of Public
Warrants for gross proceeds of million as referenced in Note 9. 

shares of Common Stock (the PIPE Shares and warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock (the
 PIPE Warrants . The combined purchase price for one PIPE Share and one PIPE Warrant was . The PIPE Warrants are
immediately exercisable, expire from the date of issuance and have an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment
as set forth in the PIPE Warrants. 

or of the Company s then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock, at the investor s
election. 

of the gross proceeds raised in the November 2021 Private Placement, and a cash fee equal to of the gross
proceeds raised in the November 2021 Private Placement for non-accountable expenses, and also reimbursed the placement agent 
for accountable expenses. 

PIPE Shares and PIPE Warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock. The offering price per PIPE Share and accompanying
PIPE Warrant was , resulting in aggregate gross proceeds of approximately million and net proceeds to the Company, net of
underwriter discounts and fees, of approximately million. No liability accounting or valuation is deemed necessary for these warrants. 

shares of Common Stock in connection with the business combination with
Alpha-5 as referenced in Note 6. 

F- 19 

shares of Common Stock in connection with the acquisition of AlloMek as referenced in
Note 6. 

shares of Common Stock held by the Camac Group at a price of per share, the equivalent to the 5-day volume-weighted
average price of the Common Stock. Additionally, the Company reimbursed approximately of certain fees and expenses of the Camac
Group. 

. 

RSUs with a grant date fair value of . During the year ended December 31, 2022, 
RSUs vested. The Company recognized approximately and of stock-based compensation expense for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, remaining unamortized RSU compensation expense was approximately . 

shares of restricted Common Stock to certain consultants
for services provided. These shares of restricted Common Stock had a total grant date fair value of approximately and
vested immediately. The Company recognized approximately of stock-based compensation expense for these restricted stock issuances
for year ended December 31, 2022. 

shares of restricted Common Stock to Brio Financial Group, LLC Brio pursuant to which Brio provided Stanley M. Gloss to serve as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company and also provided certain other
specified financial and accounting services typically provided by a Chief Financial Officer. These shares of restricted Common
Stock had a grant date fair value of and vest over a one-year period for services to be provided. The Company recognized approximately
 and of stock-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

of stock-based compensation expense related to 
shares of restricted Common Stock entitled to a consultant for services provided. The Company issued these shares of restricted
Common Stock during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

shares of Common Stock with strike prices ranging from to per share and a term of . One-third of these options vest
on the one-year anniversary of the issuance date and then the remaining stock options vest in equal quarterly installments over the remaining
 . These options had a total fair value of approximately , as calculated using the Black-Scholes model. 

shares of Common Stock with a strike prices of per share and a term of . One-third of these options
vest on the one-year anniversary of the issuance date, one-third of these options vest on the two-year anniversary of the issuance date
and one-third of these options vest on the three-year anniversary of the issuance date. These options had a total fair value of approximately
 , as calculated using the Black-Scholes model. 

F- 20 

shares of Common Stock with strike prices ranging from per share and a term of . One-half of these
options vest on the one-year anniversary of the issuance date and one-half of these options vest on the two-year anniversary of the issuance
date. These options had a total fair value of approximately , as calculated using the Black-Scholes model. 

shares of Common Stock under our 2021 Plan were cancelled
with a strike price of per share. 

shares of Common Stock, subject to time-based milestone
vesting conditions, vested. 

of stock-based compensation which was included as part
of general and administrative expense. 

shares of Common Stock each with a strike price of per share and a term of . One-half of these
options vest on the one-year anniversary of the issuance date and one-half of these options vest on the two-year anniversary of the issuance
date. These options had a total fair value of approximately , as calculated using the Black-Scholes model. 

of stock-based compensation which was included as part
of general and administrative expense. 

- 
 - 
 
 Expired/Cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding,
 December 31, 2021 

- 

Exercisable,
 December 31, 2021 

- 

Outstanding,
 January 1, 2022 

- 
 
 Granted 

- 
 - 
 
 Expired/Cancelled 

- 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding,
 December 31, 2022 

- 

Exercisable,
 December 31, 2022 

- 

. 

F- 21 

Expected term (in years) 

Weighted-average risk-free
 interest rate 

Weighted average fair value of underlying interest 

Expected dividends 
 - 
 - 

per option and
 per option, respectively. 

shares of Common Stock (the AlloMek
Warrants to certain sellers in connection with the acquisition of AlloMek as referenced in Note 6. The AlloMek Warrants were
issued on October 11, 2022, are immediately exercisable at per share and expire from the date of issuance. The total
grant date fair value of the AlloMek Warrants was determined to be approximately million, as calculated using the Black-Scholes
model and were capitalized and included in intangible assets. The assumption used in the Black-Scholes calculation were as follows: volatility
 ; duration five years; and a risk-free rate of . 

AlloMek Warrants were outstanding. 

shares of Common Stock (the Alpha-5
Warrants )to certain sellers in connection with the acquisition of Alpha-5 as referenced in Note 6. The Alpha-5 Warrants were issued
on June, 21, 2022, are immediately exercisable at per share and expire from the date of issuance. The total grant date
fair value of the Alpha-5 Warrants was determined to be approximately million, as calculated using the Black-Scholes model and were
recorded as an increase to additional paid-in capital. This amount was included as part of the consideration paid for the Alpha-5 acquisition
and were included as part of the purchase price allocation accordingly. The assumption used in the Black-Scholes calculation were as
follows: volatility ; duration five years; and a risk-free rate of . 

Alpha-5 Warrants were outstanding. 

F- 22 

shares of Common Stock to certain
investors in connection with the November 2021 Private Placement as referenced in Note 8. The PIPE Warrants were issued on November 24,
2021, are immediately exercisable at per share and expire from the date of issuance. 

and PIPE Warrants were outstanding, respectively. 

shares of Common Stock as
referenced in Note 3. 

Representative
Warrants that became exercisable commencing six (6) months following issuance at an exercise
price of per share and expire from issuance. 

Public Warrants and Representative Warrants were outstanding. 

per Public Warrant based on the closing price of
the Public Warrants on The Nasdaq Capital Market. The fair value of the Representative Warrants was approximately per Representative
Warrant which was based on the relative fair value to the Public Warrants. 

Public Warrants were exercised at a price of per share for total proceeds to the Company
of million. 

Public Warrants and Representative Warrants were outstanding. 

per Public Warrant which was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the
following assumptions: exercise price of , dividend yield of , term of years, volatility of , and risk-free rate of .
The fair value of the Representative Warrants was approximately per Representative Warrant which was determined using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model with the following assumptions: exercise price of , dividend yield of , term of years, volatility of ,
and risk-free rate of . 

F- 23 

- 

Expired/Cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 

Outstanding
 and exercisable on December 31, 2021 
 
 - 

Outstanding
 and exercisable on January 1, 2022 
 
 - 

Granted 

Expired/Cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding
 and exercisable on December 31, 2022 
 
 - 

Research development costs 
 
 -

ROU asset 
 
 -

Warrant liabilities 
 
 -

Stock-based compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Net operation loss carryforwards 

Total deferred tax asset 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Depreciation 

Net deferred tax asset 

Valuation allowance 

-
 
 -

F- 24 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Stock-based compensation 

Shares issued for services 
 -

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 -

Permanent items 
 
 - 
 
 Other 
 
 -

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

and , respectively, which do not expire. 

shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise
of outstanding warrants, and shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options as their effect
would be antidilutive during the periods prior to conversion. 

shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise
of outstanding warrants, and shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options as their effect would
be antidilutive during the periods prior to conversion. 

F- 25 

Total revenues 

Net loss 

Drug Research and Development 

Clinics 

Total net loss 

and , respectively. 

owner of Alpha-5 at the time of the transaction. Alpha-5 is a preclinical-stage company developing a mAbs for the
treatment of ALS and other neuroinflammatory disorders, such as Multiple Sclerosis. Alpha-5 is based in Charlottesville, Virginia. In
connection with the transaction, we issued to the Sellers shares of our Common Stock, which had a market value of million
on the date of the transaction, and warrants exercisable for shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share,
expiring five years from the acquisition date, the aggregate fair value of which was million at the date of acquisition. 

F- 26 

of all revenues less certain staff costs which results from the provision of the Treatments
provided at the Zen Knightsbridge Clinic and the Zen Baker Street Clinic. 

shareholder of Purecare. Dr. Bendiabdallah is also a co-founder and shareholder of Portman. 

during the term of the Brio Agreement.
In addition, restricted shares of Common Stock were issued to Brio which vested over the 1-year term of the Brio Agreement. Further,
the Company issued Stanley M. Gloss stock options to purchase up to shares of the Company s Common Stock, which options
vested fully upon execution of the Brio Agreement and are exercisable at a price equal to the public price of the Company s Common
Stock sold in our initial public offering. As of June 7, 2022, Mr. Gloss no longer provided any services to the Company pursuant to the
Brio Agreement. 

F- 27 

minimum bid price requirement
set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market (the Bid Price Requirement ).
The Notice does not result in the immediate delisting of the Common Stock from The Nasdaq Capital Market. 

per share and, based upon the closing bid price
of the Company s common stock for 30 consecutive business days prior to the delivery of the Notice, the Company no longer meets
this requirement. The Notice indicated that the Company will be provided 180 calendar days in which to regain compliance, or until July
18, 2023. If at any time during this period the bid price of the Company s common stock closes at or above per share for
a minimum of ten consecutive business days, the Nasdaq staff (the Staff will provide the Company with a written confirmation
of compliance and the matter will be closed. 

shares of Common Stock to
certain employees of the Company. These stock options had a
strike price of per share and a term of ten years. 

F-28 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 f10k2022ex3-2_pasitheathera.htm
 AMENDED & RESTATED BYLAWS OF PASITHEA THERAPEUTICS CORP

Exhibit 3.2 

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 

 OF 

 Pasithea Therapeutics Corp. 

 a Delaware Corporation 

 (as amended and restated through March 29, 2023) 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS 
 
 1 

1.1. Definitions . 
 
 1 

1.2. Offices. 
 
 1 

ARTICLE II. OFFICES 
 
 1 

2.1. Principal Office. 
 
 1 

2.2. Registered Office. 
 
 1 

2.3. Other Offices. 
 
 1 

ARTICLE III. MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
 
 1 

3.1. Annual Meetings. 
 
 1 

3.2. Special Meetings. 
 
 1 

3.3. Place of Meetings. 
 
 1 

3.4. Notice of Meetings. 
 
 2 

3.5. Notice of Stockholder Business and Nominations. 
 
 2 

3.6. Waiver of Notice. 
 
 3 

3.7. Postponement and Adjournment of Meeting. 
 
 3 

3.8. Quorum. 
 
 3 

3.9. Organization. 
 
 3 

3.10. Conduct of Business. 
 
 4 

3.11. List of Stockholders. 
 
 4 

3.12. Fixing of Record Date. 
 
 4 

3.13. Voting of Shares. 
 
 4 

3.14. Inspectors. 
 
 5 

3.15. Proxies. 
 
 5 

3.16. Action by Consent. 
 
 5 

3.17. Cumulative Voting. 
 
 6 

3.18. Telephonic or Virtual Meetings. 
 
 9 

ARTICLE IV. BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 
 6 

4.1. General Powers. 
 
 6 

4.2. Number. 
 
 6 

4.3. Election of Directors and Term of Office. 
 
 7 

4.4. Resignations. 
 
 7 

4.5. Removal. 
 
 7 

4.6. Vacancies. 
 
 7 

4.7. Chairman of the Board. 
 
 7 

4.8. Compensation. 
 
 7 

4.9. Insuring Directors, Officers, and Employees. 
 
 7 

4.10. Delegation of Authority. 
 
 7 

ARTICLE V. MEETINGS OF DIRECTORS 
 
 7 

5.1. Regular Meetings. 
 
 7 

5.2. Place of Meetings. 
 
 7 

i 

5.3. Meetings by Telecommunications or other Electronic Meetings. 
 
 8 

5.4. Special Meetings. 
 
 8 

5.5. Notice of Special Meetings. 
 
 8 

5.6. Waiver by Presence. 
 
 8 

5.7. Quorum. 
 
 8 

5.8. Conduct of Business. 
 
 8 

5.9. Action by Consent. 
 
 8 

5.10. Transactions with Interested Directors. 
 
 9 

ARTICLE VI. COMMITTEES 
 
 9 

6.1. Committees of the Board. 
 
 9 

6.2. Selection of Committee Members. 
 
 9 

6.3. Conduct of Business. 
 
 9 

6.4. Authority. 
 
 9 

6.5. Minutes. 
 
 9 

6.6. Committees. 
 
 9 

All Committees and all powers provided to such Committees shall be consistent 
 
 9 

ARTICLE VII. OFFICERS 
 
 9 

7.1. Officers of the Company. 
 
 9 

7.2. Election and Term. 
 
 9 

7.3. Compensation of Officers. 
 
 10 

7.4. Removal of Officers and Agents. 
 
 10 

7.5. Resignation of Officers and Agents. 
 
 10 

7.6. Bond. 
 
 10 

7.7. Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 10 

7.8. President. 
 
 10 

7.9. Vice Presidents. 
 
 10 

7.10. Chief Financial Officer. 
 
 10 

7.11. Secretary. 
 
 10 

7.12. Assistant Secretaries. 
 
 11 

7.13. Treasurer. 
 
 11 

7.14. Assistant Treasurers. 
 
 11 

7.15. Other Officers. 
 
 11 

7.16. Delegation of Authority. 
 
 11 

7.17. Action with Respect to Securities of Other Corporations. 
 
 11 

7.18. Vacancies. 
 
 11 

7.19. Corporate Governance Compliance. 

ARTICLE VIII. CONTRACTS, DRAFTS, DEPOSITS AND ACCOUNTS 
 
 11 

8.1. Contracts. 
 
 11 

8.2. Drafts. 
 
 11 

8.3. Deposits. 
 
 11 

8.4. General and Special Bank Accounts. 
 
 12 

ii 

ARTICLE IX. CERTIFICATES FOR SHARES AND THEIR TRANSFER 
 
 12 

9.1. Certificates for Shares. 
 
 12 

9.2. Transfer of Shares. 
 
 12 

9.3. Lost Certificates. 
 
 13 

9.4. Regulations. 
 
 13 

9.5. Holder of Record. 
 
 13 

9.6. Treasury Shares. 
 
 13 

9.7. Consideration For Shares. 
 
 13 

ARTICLE X. INDEMNIFICATION 
 
 13 

10.1. Definitions. 
 
 13 

10.2. Indemnification. 
 
 14 

10.3. Successful Defense. 
 
 14 

10.4. Determinations. 
 
 14 

10.5. Advancement of Expenses. 
 
 15 

10.6. Employee Benefit Plans. 
 
 15 

10.7. Other Indemnification and Insurance. 
 
 15 

10.8. Notice. 
 
 15 

10.9. Construction. 
 
 15 

10.10. Continuing Offer, Reliance, etc. 
 
 15 

10.11. Effect of Amendment. 
 
 16 

ARTICLE XI. TAKEOVER OFFERS 
 
 16 

11.1. Takeover Offers. 
 
 16 

ARTICLE XII. DIVIDENDS 
 
 16 

12.1. General. 
 
 16 

12.2. Dividend Reserve. 
 
 16 

ARTICLE XIII. NOTICES 
 
 16 

13.1. General. 
 
 16 

13.2. Waiver of Notice. 
 
 16 

13.3. Electronic Notice. 
 
 16 

13.4. Undeliverable Notices. 
 
 17 

ARTICLE XIV. MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 17 

14.1. Facsimile Signatures. 
 
 17 

14.2. Corporate Seal. 
 
 17 

14.3. Fiscal Year. 
 
 17 

14.4. Bylaw Provisions Additional and Supplemental to Provisions of Law. 
 
 17 

14.5. Bylaw Provisions Contrary to or Inconsistent with Provisions of Law. 
 
 17 

ARTICLE XV. AMENDMENTS 
 
 17 

15.1. Amendments. 
 
 17 

iii 

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 

 OF 

 Pasithea Therapeutics Corp. 

 a Delaware Corporation 

 Adopted March [ ], 2023 

ARTICLE I. 
DEFINITIONS 

1.1. Definitions . 
Unless the context clearly requires otherwise, in these Bylaws: 

1.1.1 Board 
means the board of directors of the Company and/or an authorized Committee of the Board, as applicable. 

1.1.2 Bylaws 
means these Bylaws as adopted by the Board and includes amendments subsequently adopted by the Board or by the Stockholders. 

1.1.3 Certificate
of Incorporation or Certificate means the Certificate of Incorporation of Pasithea Therapeutics
Corp., as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and includes all amendments thereto and restatements thereof subsequently
filed. 

1.1.4 Company 
means Pasithea Therapeutics Corp., a Delaware corporation. 

1.1.5 Delaware
Law means the Delaware General Corporation Law (Title 8, Chapter 1 of the Delaware Code). 

1.1.6 Section 
refers to sections of these Bylaws. 

1.1.7 Stockholder 
means stockholders of record of the Company. 

1.2. Offices . The title
of an office refers to the person or persons who at any given time perform the duties of that particular office for the Company. 

 ARTICLE II. 
OFFICES 

 2.1. Principal Office .
The Company may locate its principal office within or without the state of incorporation as the Board may determine. 

2.2. Registered Office .
The registered office of the Company required by law to be maintained in the state of incorporation may be, but need not be, the same
as the principal place of business of the Company. The Board may change the address of the registered office from time to time. 

2.3. Other Offices .
The Company may have offices at such other places, either within or without the state of incorporation, as the Board may designate or
as the business of the Company may require from time to time. 

ARTICLE III. 
MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 

3.1. Annual Meetings .
The Stockholders of the Company shall hold their annual meetings for the purpose of electing directors and for the transaction of such
other proper business as may come before such meetings at such time, date and place as the Board shall determine by resolution, provided
the Board may also determine that a virtual meeting of Stockholders by means of remote communication shall be held in addition to or instead
of a physical meeting as permitted by Delaware law. 

3.2. Special Meetings .
The Board, the Chairman of the Board, the President, or a majority of the members of a committee of the Board duly designated, and whose
powers and authority include the power to call meetings, may call special meetings of the Stockholders of the Company at any time for
any purpose or purposes, and may not be called by any other person or persons. 

3.3. Place of Meetings .
The Stockholders shall hold all meetings at such places, within or without the State of Delaware, as the Board or a committee of the Board
shall specify in the notice or waiver of notice for such meetings. 

1 

3.4. Notice of Meetings .
Except as otherwise required by law, the Board or a committee of the Board shall give notice of each meeting of Stockholders, whether
annual or special, not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting. The Board or a committee of the Board shall
deliver a notice to each Stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting by delivering a typewritten or printed notice thereof to him personally,
or by depositing such notice in the United States mail, in a postage prepaid envelope, directed to him at his address as it appears on
the records of the Company, or by transmitting a notice thereof to him at such address by telegraph, telecopy, cable or wireless or, if
the Stockholder has provided the Company his, her or its, email and authorization to be contacted via email, via email. If mailed, notice
is given on the date deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the Stockholder at his address as it appears on
the records of the Company. If emailed, in accordance with the above, notice is given on the date the email is sent to the Stockholder
at his, her or its email address as it appears on the records of the Company. An affidavit of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary
or of the Transfer Agent of the Company that he has given notice shall constitute, in the absence of fraud, prima facie evidence of the
facts stated therein. 

Every notice of a meeting
of the Stockholders shall state the place, date and hour of the meeting and, in the case of a special meeting, also shall state the purpose
or purposes of the meeting. Furthermore, if the Company will maintain the list at a place other than where the meeting will take place,
every notice of a meeting of the Stockholders shall specify where the Company will maintain the list of Stockholders entitled to vote
at the meeting. 

3.5. Notice of Stockholder
Business and Nominations . Subject to the Certificate of Incorporation, the Stockholders who intend to nominate persons to the Board,
subject where applicable to these Bylaws and applicable law, or propose any other action at an annual meeting of Stockholders must timely
notify the Secretary of the Company of such intent in order for such nomination or other actions to be properly brought before an annual
meeting. To be timely, a Stockholder s notice must be delivered and received to the Secretary of the Company not earlier than the
close of business on the day which falls 120 days prior to the one year anniversary of the Company s last annual meeting of Stockholders
and not later than the close of business on the day which falls 90 days prior to the one year anniversary of the Company s last
annual meeting of Stockholders, together with written notice of the stockholder s intention to present a proposal for action at
the meeting; provided, that if the Company s annual meeting date occurs more than 30 days before or 60 days after the one year anniversary
of the Company s last annual meeting of Stockholders, the Company must receive proposals not earlier than the close of business
on the 120th day prior to the date of the annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to
the date of the annual meeting or, if the first public announcement (or announcement to the stockholders if the Company is privately held)
of the date of the annual meeting is less than 100 days prior to the date of the meeting, the 10th day following the day on which the
Company first makes a public announcement of the date of the annual meeting (or if the Company is privately held, the first stockholder
announcement of the date of the annual meeting). In no event shall an adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting for which notice
has been given commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder s notice described herein. Such notice must be in writing
and must include (a) the name and record address of the Stockholder who intends to propose the business and the class or series and number
of shares of capital stock of the Company which are owned beneficially or of record by such Stockholder; (b) a representation that the
Stockholder is a holder of record of stock of the Company entitled to vote at such meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy
at the meeting to introduce the business specified in the notice; (c) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before
the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting; (d) any material interest of the Stockholder in
such business; (e) a representation as to whether the Stockholder or the beneficial owner, if any, intends or is part of a group which
intends (i) to deliver a proxy statement and/or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Company s outstanding
capital stock required to approve or adopt the proposal or elect the nominee and/or (ii) otherwise to solicit proxies or votes from
stockholders in support of such proposal or nomination, and (f) any other information that is required to be provided by the Stockholder
pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (such act, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, the Exchange Act ), if the Company is subject to the Exchange Act. In the event the Stockholder
proposal relates to a nomination for appointment of a director of the Company, the notice shall also forth, as to each person whom the
Stockholder proposes to nominate for election as a director, (i) the name, age, business address and residence address of the person,
(ii) the principal occupation or employment of the person, (iii) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Company
which are owned beneficially or of record by the person, (iv) a description of all direct and indirect compensation and other material
monetary agreements, arrangements and understandings during the past three (3) years, and any other material relationships, between or
among such proposing Stockholder or any of its respective affiliates and associates, on the one hand, and each proposed nominee, and his
or her respective affiliates and associates, on the other hand, including all information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant
to Rule 404 promulgated under Regulation S-K if the proposing Stockholder or any of its respective affiliates and associates were the
 registrant for purposes of such rule and the nominee were a director or executive officer of such registrant, and (v) any
other information relating to the person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made
in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. In addition, the Company may require the proposing Stockholder to furnish such other information as may be reasonably
requested, including such information as would be necessary for the Company to determine whether the proposed nominee can be considered
an independent director. The notice in the foregoing paragraph must also be accompanied by a representation as to whether or not such
Stockholder or beneficial owner intends to solicit proxies in support of any director nominees other than the Company s nominees
in accordance with Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act, and, where such Stockholder or beneficial owner intends to so solicit proxies,
the notice and information required by Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act. 

2 

Nominations of persons for
election to the Board may be made at any annual meeting of Stockholders, or at any special meeting of Stockholders called for the purpose
of electing directors, (a) by or at the direction of the Board (or any duly authorized committee thereof) or (b) by any Stockholder of
the Company (i) who is a Stockholder of record on the date of the giving of the notice provided for in this Section 3.5 and on
the record date for the determination of Stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such meeting and (ii) who complies with the
notice procedures set forth in this Section 3.5 ; provided that such notice is received by the Secretary of the Company not later
than the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which the Company first makes a public announcement of the date of the
annual meeting (or if the Company is privately held, the first stockholder announcement of the date of the annual meeting). 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in order to include information with respect to a Stockholder proposal in the proxy statement and form of proxy for a stockholder s
meeting, Stockholders must provide notice as required by, and otherwise comply with the requirements of, the Exchange Act and the regulations
promulgated thereunder. The Board reserves the right to refuse to submit any such proposal to Stockholders at an annual meeting if, in
its judgment, the information provided in the notice is inaccurate or incomplete. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing Section
3.5 shall be the exclusive means for a Stockholder to make nominations or propose business (other than business included in the Company s
proxy materials pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act, if the Company is subject to the Exchange Act) at an annual meeting of
stockholders. For purposes of these Bylaws, public announcement shall mean disclosure in a press release reported
by a national service or in a document publicly filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13,
14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or if the Company is privately held, a private announcement by the Company to its stockholders. Notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.5 , a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange
Act and applicable state law with respect to matters set forth in this Section 3.5 , if the Company is subject to the Exchange Act.
Nothing in this Section 3.5 shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Company s
proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act (if the Company is subject to the Exchange Act), or the Company s
or the Board of Director s rights and obligations under the Exchange Act (if the Company is subject to the Exchange Act) and state
law, as applicable. 

3.6. Waiver of Notice .
Whenever these Bylaws require written notice, a written waiver thereof, signed by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after
the time stated therein, shall constitute the equivalent of notice. Attendance of a person at any meeting shall constitute a waiver of
notice of such meeting, except when the person attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting,
to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. No written waiver of notice need specify either
the business to be transacted at, or the purpose or purposes of any regular or special meeting of the Stockholders, directors or members
of a committee of the Board. 

3.7. Postponement and Adjournment
of Meeting . Any annual or special meeting of the Stockholders may be postponed or rescheduled by the Board. Whether or not a quorum
is present or represented at any annual or special meeting of the Stockholders, the Board, any committee of the Board, or the chairman
of the meeting may adjourn the meeting from time to time without further notice, unless otherwise required by these Bylaws or Delaware
Law. In addition, if a quorum is not present or represented at a meeting, holders of a majority of the shares represented at the meeting
may adjourn the meeting from time to time without further notice, unless otherwise required by these Bylaws or Delaware Law. If a quorum
is present or represented at a reconvened meeting following such an adjournment, any business may be transacted that might have been transacted
at the meeting as originally called. If an adjournment is for more than 30 days or, if after the adjournment, the Board or a committee
of the Board fixes a new record date for the adjourned meeting, the Board or a committee of the Board shall give notice of the adjourned
meeting to each Stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. 

3.8. Quorum . Except
as otherwise required by law, the holders of 33 1/3 of all of the shares of the stock entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person
or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for all purposes at any meeting of the Stockholders except as otherwise provided by applicable
law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws. 

Votes cast shall include votes
cast against any proposal and shall exclude abstentions and broker non-votes, provided that votes cast against any proposal, abstentions
and broker non-votes shall be counted in determining a quorum at any meeting. 

3.9. Organization .
Such person as the Board may have designated or, in the absence of such a person, the highest ranking officer of the Company who is present
shall call to order any meeting of the Stockholders, determine the presence of a quorum, and act as chairman of the meeting. In the absence
of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company, the chairman shall appoint someone to act as the secretary of the meeting. 

3 

3.10. Conduct of Business .
The chairman of any meeting of Stockholders shall determine the order of business and the procedure at the meeting, including such regulations
of the manner of voting and the conduct of discussion as he deems in order. 

3.11. List of Stockholders .
At least 10 days before every meeting of Stockholders, the Secretary shall prepare a list of the Stockholders entitled to vote at the
meeting or any adjournment thereof, arranged in alphabetical order, showing the address of each Stockholder and the number of shares registered
in the name of each Stockholder. The Company shall make the list available for examination by any Stockholder for any purpose germane
to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least 10 days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city
where the meeting will take place or at the place designated in the notice of the meeting. 

The list shall constitute
presumptive proof of the identity of the Stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting and the number of shares each Stockholder holds. 

A determination of Stockholders
entitled to vote at any meeting of Stockholders pursuant to this Section shall apply to any adjournment thereof. 

3.12. Fixing of Record
Date . For the purpose of determining Stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of Stockholders or any adjournment
thereof, or Stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend, or in order to make a determination of Stockholders for any other
proper purpose, the Board or a committee of the Board may fix in advance a date as the record date for any such determination of Stockholders.
However, the Board shall not fix such date, in any case, more than 60 days nor less than 10 days prior to the date of the particular action. 

If the Board or a committee
of the Board does not fix a record date for the determination of Stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of Stockholders,
the record date shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given or if notice is waived, at
the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held or the date on which the Board adopts the resolution
declaring a dividend. 

3.13. Voting of Shares .
Except as otherwise required by Delaware Law, the Certificate, any certificate of designations, or the Bylaws, (i) at all meetings of
Stockholders for the election of directors, a plurality of votes cast shall be sufficient to elect such directors; (ii) any other action
taken by Stockholders shall be valid and binding upon the Company with the affirmative vote of the holders of the majority of the shares
entitled to vote on, and who voted for, against, or expressly abstained with respect to, the matter at a Stockholders meeting of
the Company at which a quorum is present, except that adoption, amendment or repeal of the Bylaws by Stockholders will require the vote
of a majority of the shares entitled to vote; and (iii) broker non-votes are considered for purposes of establishing a quorum but not
considered as votes cast for or against a proposal or director nominee. Each Stockholder shall have one vote for every share of stock
having voting rights registered in his name on the record date for the meeting, except as otherwise provided in any preferred stock designation
setting forth the right of preferred stock stockholders. The Company shall not have the right to vote treasury stock of the Company, nor
shall another corporation have the right to vote its stock of the Company if the Company holds, directly or indirectly, a majority of
the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors of such other corporation. Persons holding stock of the Company in a fiduciary
capacity shall have the right to vote such stock. Persons who have pledged their stock of the Company shall have the right to vote such
stock unless in the transfer on the books of the Company the pledgor expressly empowered the pledgee to vote such stock. In that event,
only the pledgee, or his proxy, may represent such stock and vote thereon. 

Where a separate vote by a
class or classes is required, a majority of the outstanding shares of such class or classes, present in person or represented by proxy,
shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to that vote on that matter and the affirmative vote of the majority of
shares of such class or classes present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting shall be the act of such class. 

4 

3.14. Inspectors . At
any meeting in which the Stockholders vote by ballot, the chairman may appoint one or more inspectors. Each inspector shall take and sign
an oath to execute the duties of inspector at such meeting faithfully, with strict impartiality, and according to the best of his ability.
The inspectors shall ascertain the number of shares outstanding and the voting power of each; determine the shares represented at a meeting
and the validity of proxies and ballots; count all votes and ballots; determine and retain for a reasonable period a record of the disposition
of any challenges made to any determination by the inspectors; and certify their determination of the number of shares represented at
the meeting, and their count of all votes and ballots. The certification required herein shall take the form of a subscribed, written
report prepared by the inspectors and delivered to the Secretary of the Company. An inspector need not be a Stockholder of the Company,
and any officer of the Company may be an inspector on any question other than a vote for or against a proposal in which he has a material
interest. 

3.15. Proxies . A Stockholder
may exercise any voting rights in person or by his proxy appointed by an instrument in writing, which he or his authorized attorney-in-fact
has subscribed and which the proxy has delivered to the Secretary of the meeting pursuant to the manner prescribed by law. 

A proxy is not valid after
the expiration of 3 years after the date of its execution, unless the person executing it specifies thereon the length of time for which
it is to continue in force or limits its use to a particular meeting. Each proxy is irrevocable if it expressly states that it is irrevocable
and if, and only as long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power. 

The attendance at any meeting
of a Stockholder who previously has given a proxy shall not have the effect of revoking the same unless he notifies the Secretary in writing
prior to the voting of the proxy. 

3.16. Action by Consent .
Any action required to be taken at any annual or special meeting of Stockholders of the Company or any action which may be taken at any
annual or special meeting of such Stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent
or consents in writing setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the
minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action that is the subject of the consent at a meeting in which
each Stockholder entitled to vote on the action is present and votes, and shall be delivered to the Company by delivery to its registered
office, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the Company having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings
of stockholders are recorded. 

Every written consent shall
bear the date of signature of each Stockholder who signs the consent, and no written consent shall be effective to take the corporate
action referred to therein unless, within 60 days (or such other period as provided by applicable law) of the earliest dated consent delivered
in the manner required by this Section to the Company, written consents signed by a sufficient number of holders to take action are delivered
to the Company by delivery to its registered office, its principal place of business or an officer or agent of the Company having custody
of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the Company s registered office shall
be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. 

Prompt notice of the taking
of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those Stockholders who have not consented
in writing, provided further that failure to provide such notice shall not effect the validity of such action. 

5 

In the event of the delivery
to the Company of a consent or consents in writing Consents ), the secretary of the Company, or such other
officer of the Company as the Board may designate, shall provide for the safe-keeping of such Consents and any related revocations and
shall promptly conduct such ministerial review of the sufficiency of all Consents and any related revocations and of the validity of the
action to be taken by Stockholder consent as the secretary of the Company, or such other officer of the Company as the Board may designate,
as the case may be, deems necessary or appropriate, including, without limitation, whether the Stockholders of a number of shares having
the requisite voting power to authorize or take the action specified in Consents have given consent; provided, however, that if the corporate
action to which the Consents relate is the removal or replacement of one or more members of the Board, the secretary of the Company, or
such other officer of the Company as the Board may designate, as the case may be, shall promptly designate two persons, who shall not
be members of the Board, to serve as inspectors Inspectors with respect to such Consent and such Inspectors
shall discharge the functions of the secretary of the Company, or such other officer of the Company as the Board may designate, as the
case may be, under this section. If after such investigation the secretary of the Company, such other officer of the Company as the Board
may designate or the Inspectors, as the case may be, shall determine that the action purported to have been taken is duly authorized by
the Consents, that fact shall be certified on the records of the Company kept for the purpose of recording the proceedings of meetings
of Stockholders and the Consents shall be filed in such records. 

In conducting the investigation
required by this section, the secretary of the Company, such other officer of the Company as the Board may designate or the Inspectors,
as the case may be, may, at the expense of the Company, retain special legal counsel and any other necessary or appropriate professional
advisors as such person or persons may deem necessary or appropriate and shall be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the opinion
of such counsel or advisors. 

No action by written consent
without a meeting shall be effective until such date as the secretary of the Company, such other officer of the Company as the Board may
designate, or the Inspectors, as applicable, certify to the Company that the Consents delivered to the Company in accordance with this
section, represent at least the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to take the corporate action in accordance with Delaware
law and the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Company. 

Nothing contained in this
 Section 3.16 shall in any way be construed to suggest or imply that the Board or any Stockholder shall not be entitled to contest
the validity of any Consents or related revocations, whether before or after such certification by the secretary of the Company, such
other officer of the Company as the Board may designate or the Inspectors, as the case may be, or to take any other action (including,
without limitation, the commencement, prosecution, or defense of any litigation with respect thereto, and the seeking of injunctive relief
in such litigation). 

3.17. Cumulative Voting .
Cumulative voting is expressly forbidden. 

3.18. Telephonic or Virtual
Meetings . Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, meetings of the Stockholders may be held
through the use of conference telephone or similar communications equipment (including, but not limited to video conferencing), email
or instant mail as long as all members participating in such meeting can communicate with one another at the time of such meeting. Participation
in such meeting constitutes presence in person at such meeting. 

ARTICLE IV. 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

4.1. General Powers .
The Board shall manage the property, business and affairs of the Company. 

4.2. Number . The number
of directors who shall constitute the Board shall equal not less than 1 nor more than 10, as the Board or majority Stockholders may determine
by resolution from time to time. 

6 

4.3. Election of Directors
and Term of Office . The Stockholders of the Company shall elect the directors at the annual or adjourned annual meeting (except as
otherwise provided herein for the filling of vacancies). Each director shall hold office until his death, resignation, retirement, removal,
or disqualification, or until his successor shall have been elected and qualified. 

4.4. Resignations .
Any director of the Company may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Board or to the Secretary of the Company. Any resignation
shall take effect upon receipt or at the time specified in the notice. Unless the notice specifies otherwise, the effectiveness of the
resignation shall not depend upon its acceptance. 

4.5. Removal . Unless
otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, any applicable certificate of designation or these Bylaws, stockholders holding
a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote at an election of directors may remove any director or the entire Board at any time,
with or without cause. 

4.6. Vacancies . Unless
otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, any applicable certificate of designation or these Bylaws, and subject to applicable
law, any vacancy on the Board, whether because of death, resignation, disqualification, an increase in the number of directors, or any
other cause may be filled by a majority of the remaining directors, a sole remaining director, or the majority Stockholders. Whenever
the holders of any class or classes of stock or series thereof are entitled to elect one or more directors by the provisions of the Certificate
of Incorporation or any applicable certificate of designation, vacancies and newly created directorships of such class or classes or series
may be filled by a majority of the directors elected by such class or classes or series thereof then in office, or by a sole remaining
director so elected. Any director elected to fill a vacancy shall hold office until his death, resignation, retirement, removal, or disqualification,
or until his successor shall have been elected and qualified. 

4.7. Chairman of the Board .
At the initial and annual meeting of the Board, the directors may elect from their number a Chairman of the Board. The Chairman shall
preside at all meetings of the Board and shall perform such other duties as the Board may direct. The Board also may elect a Vice Chairman
and other officers of the Board, with such powers and duties as the Board may designate from time to time. 

4.8. Compensation .
The Board may compensate directors for their services and may provide for the payment of all expenses the directors incur by attending
meetings of the Board or otherwise. 

4.9. Insuring Directors,
Officers, and Employees . The Company may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any director, officer, employee, or agent of
the Company, or on behalf of any person serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, or agent of another company,
partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise, against any liability asserted against that person and incurred by that person
in any such company, whether or not the Company has the power to indemnify that person against liability for any of those acts. 

4.10. Delegation of Authority .
Notwithstanding any provision of these Bylaws to the contrary, the Board may delegate the powers or duties of any officer to any other
officer or agent. 

ARTICLE V. 
MEETINGS OF DIRECTORS 

5.1. Regular Meetings .
The Board may hold regular meetings at such places, dates and times as the Board shall establish by resolution. If any day fixed for a
meeting falls on a legal holiday, the Board shall hold the meeting at the same place and time on the next succeeding business day. The
Board need not give notice of regular meetings. 

5.2. Place of Meetings .
The Board may hold any of its meetings in or out of the State of Delaware, at such places as the Board may designate, at such places as
the notice or waiver of notice of any such meeting may designate, or at such places as the persons calling the meeting may designate. 

7 

5.3. Meetings by Telecommunications
or other Electronic Meetings . Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, meetings of the Board
or of any committee designated by the Board may be held through the use of a conference telephone or similar communications equipment
such as email, instant messaging or similar communication so long as all members participating in such meeting can communicate with one
another at the time of such meeting. Participation in such a meeting constitutes presence in person at such meeting. Each person participating
in the meeting, or a duly appointed Secretary of the meeting, who attended such meeting, shall sign the minutes thereof, which may be
in counterparts. Approval of said meeting may be accomplished via email or fax. 

5.4. Special Meetings .
The Chairman of the Board (or if there is no Chairman, any member of the Board), the President (or any Vice President if the President
is absent or unable or refuses to act), or any two directors then in office (not including the Chairman, if the Company has a Chairman)
may call a special meeting of the Board. The person or persons authorized to call special meetings of the Board may fix any place, either
in or out of the State of Delaware as the place for the meeting. 

5.5. Notice of Special
Meetings . The person or persons calling a special meeting of the Board shall give written notice to each director of the time, place,
date and purpose of the meeting of not less than three business days if by mail and not less than 24 hours if by facsimile (with confirmation
of delivery), email or in person before the date of the meeting, or as otherwise provided by law. If mailed, notice is given on the date
deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, to such director. If emailed, notice is given on the date the email is sent the
member of the Board at his or her email address as it appears on the records of the Company. A director may waive notice of any special
meeting, and any meeting shall constitute a legal meeting without notice if all the directors are present or if those not present sign
either before or after the meeting a written waiver of notice, a consent to such meeting, or an approval of the minutes of the meeting.
A notice or waiver of notice need not specify the purposes of the meeting or the business which the Board will transact at the meeting.
Generally, a tentative agenda will be included, but the meeting shall not be confined to any agenda included with the notice. 

Upon providing notice, the
Secretary or other officer sending notice shall sign and file in the Corporate Record Book a statement of the details of the notice given
to each director. If such statement should later not be found in the Corporate Record Book, due notice shall be presumed. 

5.6. Waiver by Presence .
Except when expressly for the purpose of objecting to the legality of a meeting, a director s presence at a meeting shall constitute
a waiver of notice of such meeting. 

5.7. Quorum . A majority
of the directors then in office shall constitute a quorum for all purposes at any meeting of the Board. In the absence of a quorum, a
majority of directors present at any meeting may adjourn the meeting to another place, date or time without further notice. No proxies
shall be given by directors to any person for purposes of voting or establishing a quorum at a directors meeting. 

5.8. Conduct of Business .
The Board shall transact business in such order and manner as the Board may determine. Except as the law requires otherwise, the Board
shall determine all matters by the vote of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present. The directors
shall act as a Board, and the individual directors shall have no power as such. At every meeting of the Board, the Chairman of the Board,
if there is such an officer, and if not, the President, or in the President s absence, a Vice President designated by the President,
or in the absence of such designation, a Chairman chosen by a majority of the directors present, shall preside. The Secretary of the Company
shall act as Secretary of the Board s meetings. When the Secretary is absent from any meeting or in the discretion of the Chairman,
the Chairman may appoint any person to act as Secretary of that meeting. 

5.9. Action by Consent .
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board,
or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto
in writing or by electronic transmission and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes
of proceedings of the Board or committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be
in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form. 

8 

5.10. Transactions with
Interested Directors . Any contract or other transaction between the Company and any of its directors (or any corporation or firm in
which any of its directors are directly or indirectly interested) shall be valid for all purposes notwithstanding the presence of that
director at the meeting during which the contract or transaction was authorized, and notwithstanding the directors participation
in that meeting. This Section shall apply only if the contract or transaction is just and reasonable to the Company at the time it is
authorized and ratified, the interest of each director is known or disclosed to the Board, and the Board (or an authorized committee thereof)
nevertheless authorizes or ratifies the contract or transaction by a majority of the disinterested directors present (or by authorized
committee of the Board). Each interested director is to be counted in determining whether a quorum is present, but shall not vote and
shall not be counted in calculating the majority necessary to carry the vote. This Section shall not be construed to invalidate contracts
or transactions that would be valid in its absence. 

ARTICLE VI. 
COMMITTEES 

6.1. Committees of the
Board . The Board may designate, by a vote of a majority of the directors then in office, committees of the Board. The committees shall
serve at the pleasure of the Board and shall possess such lawfully delegable powers and duties as the Board may confer. 

6.2. Selection of Committee
Members . The Board shall elect by a vote of a majority of the directors then in office a director or directors to serve as the member
or members of a committee. By the same vote, the Board may designate other directors as alternate members who may replace any absent or
disqualified member at any meeting of a committee. In the absence or disqualification of any member of any committee and any alternate
member in his place, the member or members of the committee present at the meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he
or they constitute a quorum, may appoint by unanimous vote another member of the Board to act at the meeting in the place of the absent
or disqualified member. 

6.3. Conduct of Business .
Each committee may determine the procedural rules for meeting and conducting its business and shall act in accordance therewith, except
as the law or these Bylaws require otherwise and except as the Board shall otherwise determine. Each committee shall make adequate provision
for notice of all meetings to members. A majority of the members of the committee shall constitute a quorum, unless the committee consists
of one or two members. In that event, one member shall constitute a quorum. A majority vote of the members present shall determine all
matters. A committee may take action without a meeting if all the members of the committee consent in writing and file the consent or
consents with the minutes of the proceedings of the committee. 

6.4. Authority . Any
committee, to the extent the Board provides, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board in the management of
the business and affairs of the Company, and may authorize the affixation of the Company s seal to all instruments which may require
or permit it. However, no committee shall have any power or authority with regard to amending the Certificate of Incorporation, adopting
an agreement of merger or consolidation, recommending to the Stockholders the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the
Company s property and assets, recommending to the Stockholders a dissolution of the Company or a revocation of a dissolution of
the Company, or amending these Bylaws of the Company. Unless a resolution of the Board expressly provides, no committee shall have the
power or authority to declare a dividend, to authorize the issuance of stock, or to adopt a certificate of ownership and merger. 

6.5. Minutes . Each
committee shall keep regular minutes of its proceedings and report the same to the Board when required. 

6.6. Committees . All
Committees and all powers provided to such Committees shall be consistent with Delaware Law, the Certificate and the rules and regulations
of the principal market or exchange on which the Company s capital stock then trades. 

 ARTICLE VII. 
OFFICERS 

7.1. Officers of the Company .
The officers of the Company may consist of a Chief Executive Officer, President, a Secretary, a Treasurer and such Vice Presidents, a
Chief Financial Officer, Assistant Secretaries, Assistant Treasurers, and other officers as the Board may designate and elect from time
to time. The same person may hold at the same time any two or more offices. 

7.2. Election and Term .
The Board shall elect the officers of the Company. Each officer shall hold office until his death, resignation, retirement, removal or
disqualification, or until his successor shall have been elected and qualified. 

9 

7.3. Compensation of Officers .
The Board shall fix the compensation of all officers of the Company. No officer shall serve the Company in any other capacity and receive
compensation, unless the Board authorizes the additional compensation. 

7.4. Removal of Officers
and Agents . The Board may remove any officer or agent it has elected or appointed at any time, with or without cause. 

7.5. Resignation of Officers
and Agents . Any officer or agent the Board has elected or appointed may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Board,
the Chairman of the Board, the President, or the Secretary of the Company. Any such resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt
of such notice or at any later time specified. Unless otherwise specified in the notice, the Board need not accept the resignation to
make it effective. 

 7.6. Bond . The Board
may require by resolution any officer, agent, or employee of the Company to give bond to the Company, with sufficient sureties conditioned
on the faithful performance of the duties of his respective office or agency. The Board also may require by resolution any officer, agent
or employee to comply with such other conditions as the Board may require from time to time. 

7.7. Chief Executive Officer .
The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) shall be the chief operating officer of the Company and, subject to the Board s control, shall
supervise and direct all of the business and affairs of the Company. When present, he shall sign (with or without the Secretary, an Assistant
Secretary, or any other officer or agent of the Company which the Board has authorized) deeds, mortgages, bonds, contracts or other instruments
which the Board has authorized an officer or agent of the Company to execute. However, the Chief Executive Officer shall not sign any
instrument which the law, these Bylaws, or the Board expressly require some other officer or agent of the Company to sign and execute.
In general, the Chief Executive Officer shall perform all duties incident to the office of Chief Executive Officer and such other duties
as the Board may prescribe from time to time. 

7.8. President . Each
President shall have such powers and duties as may be delegated to him or her by the Board. A President may be designated by the Board
to perform the duties and exercise the powers of the CEO in the event of the CEO s absence or disability. In the event the Company
does not have a Chief Executive Officer, all of the powers of the CEO, as set forth in Section 7.7 , above, shall be held by the
President. 

7.9. Vice Presidents .
In the absence of the President or in the event of his death, inability or refusal to act, the Vice Presidents in the order of their length
of service as Vice Presidents, unless the Board determines otherwise, shall perform the duties of the President. When acting as the President,
a Vice President shall have all the powers and restrictions of the Presidency. A Vice President shall perform such other duties as the
President or the Board may assign to him from time to time. 

7.10. Chief Financial Officer .
The Chief Financial Officer shall keep and maintain, or cause to be kept and maintained, adequate and correct books and records of accounts
of the properties and business transactions of the Company, including accounts of its assets, liabilities, receipts, disbursements, gains,
losses, capital, retained earnings and shares. The books of account shall at all reasonable times be open to inspection by any director. 

The Chief Financial Officer
shall deposit all money and other valuables in the name and to the credit of the Company with such depositories as the Board may designate.
The Chief Financial Officer shall disburse the funds of the Company as may be ordered by the Board, shall render to the Chief Executive
Officer or, in the absence of a Chief Executive Officer, any president and directors, whenever they request it, an account of all of his
or her transactions as Chief Financial Officer and of the financial condition of the Company, and shall have other powers and perform
such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board or these Bylaws. 

The Chief Financial Officer
may be the Treasurer of the Company. 

7.11. Secretary . The
Secretary shall (a) keep the minutes of the meetings of the Stockholders and of the Board in one or more books for that purpose, (b) give
all notices which these Bylaws or the law requires, (c) serve as custodian of the records and seal of the Company, (d) affix the seal
of the Company to all documents which the Board has authorized execution on behalf of the Company under seal, (e) maintain a register
of the address of each Stockholder of the Company (unless maintained by a duly appointed Transfer Agent), (f) sign, with the President,
a Vice President, or any other officer or agent of the Company which the Board has authorized, certificates for shares of the Company,
(g) have charge of the stock transfer books of the Company, and (h) perform all duties which the President or the Board may assign to
him from time to time. 

10 

7.12. Assistant Secretaries .
In the absence of the Secretary or in the event of his death, inability or refusal to act, the Assistant Secretaries in the order of their
length of service as Assistant Secretary, unless the Board determines otherwise, shall perform the duties of the Secretary. When acting
as the Secretary, an Assistant Secretary shall have the powers and restrictions of the Secretary. An Assistant Secretary shall perform
such other duties as the President, Secretary or Board may assign from time to time. 

7.13. Treasurer . The
Treasurer shall (a) have responsibility for all funds and securities of the Company, (b) receive and give receipts for moneys due and
payable to the Company from any source whatsoever, (c) deposit all moneys in the name of the Company in depositories which the Board selects,
and (d) perform all of the duties which the President or the Board may assign to him from time to time. 

7.14. Assistant Treasurers .
In the absence of the Treasurer or in the event of his death, inability or refusal to act, the Assistant Treasurers in the order of their
length of service as Assistant Treasurer, unless the Board determines otherwise, shall perform the duties of the Treasurer. When acting
as the Treasurer, an Assistant Treasurer shall have the powers and restrictions of the Treasurer. An Assistant Treasurer shall perform
such other duties as the Treasurer, the President, or the Board may assign to him from time to time. 

7.15. Other Officers .
The Board may appoint, or empower the Chief Executive Officer, or any other duly appointed officer of the Company, to appoint, such other
officers and agents as the business of the Company may require. Each of such officers and agents shall hold office for such period, have
such authority, and perform such duties as are provided in these Bylaws or as the Board, Chief Executive Officer, or other designated
officer may from time to time determine. 

7.16. Delegation of Authority .
Notwithstanding any provision of these Bylaws to the contrary, the Board may delegate the powers or duties of any officer to any other
officer or agent. 

7.17. Action with Respect
to Securities of Other Corporations . Unless the Board directs otherwise, the Chief Executive Officer and President shall have the
power to vote and otherwise act on behalf of the Company, in person or by proxy, at any meeting of stockholders of or with respect to
any action of stockholders of any other corporation in which the Company holds securities. Furthermore, unless the Board directs otherwise,
the Executive Officer and President shall exercise any and all rights and powers which the Company possesses by reason of its ownership
of securities in another corporation. 

7.18. Vacancies . The
Board may fill any vacancy in any office because of death, resignation, removal, disqualification or any other cause in the manner which
these Bylaws prescribe for the regular appointment to such office. 

ARTICLE VIII. 
CONTRACTS, DRAFTS, DEPOSITS AND ACCOUNTS 

8.1. Contracts . Except
as otherwise provided in these Bylaws, the Board, or any officers of the corporation authorized thereby, may authorize any officer or
officers, or agent or agents, to enter into any contract or execute any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Company; such authority
may be general or confined to specific instances. 

8.2. Drafts . From time
to time, the Board shall determine by resolution which person or persons may sign or endorse all checks, drafts, other orders for payment
of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness that are issued in the name of or payable to the corporation, and only the persons
so authorized shall sign or endorse those instruments. 

8.3. Deposits . The
Treasurer shall deposit all funds of the Company not otherwise employed in such banks, trust companies, or other depositories as the Board
may select or as any officer, assistant, agent or attorney of the Company to whom the Board has delegated such power may select. For the
purpose of deposit and collection for the account of the Company, the President or the Treasurer (or any other officer, assistant, agent
or attorney of the Company whom the Board has authorized) may endorse, assign and deliver checks, drafts and other orders for the payment
of money payable to the order of the Company. 

11 

8.4. General and Special
Bank Accounts . The Board may authorize the opening and keeping of general and special bank accounts with such banks, trust companies,
or other depositories as the Board may select or as any officer, assistant, agent or attorney of the Company to whom the Board has delegated
such power may select. The Board may make such special rules and regulations with respect to such bank accounts, not inconsistent with
the provisions of these Bylaws, as it may deem expedient. 

ARTICLE IX. 
CERTIFICATES FOR SHARES AND THEIR TRANSFER 

9.1. Certificates for Shares .
Shares of the capital stock of the Company may be certificated or uncertificated, as provided under Delaware Law. Each Stockholder, upon
written request to the Transfer Agent or registrar of the Company, shall be entitled to a certificate of the capital stock of the Company
in such form as may from time to time be prescribed by the Board. The Secretary, Transfer Agent, or registrar of the Company shall number
the certificates representing shares of the stock of the Company in the order in which the Company issues them. The President or any Vice
President and the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary shall sign the certificates in the name of the Company. Any or all certificates
may contain facsimile signatures. In case any officer, Transfer Agent, or registrar who has signed a certificate, or whose facsimile signature
appears on a certificate, ceases to serve as such officer, Transfer Agent, or registrar before the Company issues the certificate, the
Company may issue the certificate with the same effect as though the person who signed such certificate, or whose facsimile signature
appears on the certificate, was such officer, Transfer Agent, or registrar at the date of issue. The Secretary, Transfer Agent, or registrar
of the Company shall keep a record in the stock transfer books of the Company of the names of the persons, firms or corporations owning
the stock represented by the certificates, the number and class of shares represented by the certificates and the dates thereof and, in
the case of cancellation, the dates of cancellation. The Secretary, Transfer Agent, or registrar of the Company shall cancel every certificate
surrendered to the Company for exchange or transfer. Except in the case of a lost, destroyed, stolen or mutilated certificate, the Secretary,
Transfer Agent, or registrar of the Company shall not issue a new certificate in exchange for an existing certificate until he has canceled
the existing certificate. 

If the Company shall be authorized
to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating,
optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualification, limitations or restrictions of such preferences
and/or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate which the Company shall issue to represent
such class or series of stock, provided that, except as otherwise provided in Section 202 of Delaware Law, in lieu of the foregoing requirements,
there may be set forth on the face or back of the certificate which the Company shall issue to represent such class or series of stock,
a statement that the Company will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and
relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations
or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights. 

9.2. Transfer of Shares .
A holder of record of shares of the Company s stock, or his attorney-in-fact authorized by power of attorney duly executed and filed
with the Secretary, Transfer Agent or registrar of the Company, may transfer his shares only on the stock transfer books of the Company.
Such person shall furnish to the Secretary, Transfer Agent, or registrar of the Company proper evidence of his authority to make the transfer
and shall properly endorse and surrender for cancellation his existing certificate or certificates for such shares. Whenever a holder
of record of shares of the Company s stock makes a transfer of shares for collateral security, the Secretary, Transfer Agent, or
registrar of the Company shall state such fact in the entry of transfer if the transferor and the transferee request. When a transfer
of shares is requested and there is reasonable doubt as to the right of the person seeking the transfer, the Company or its Transfer Agent,
before recording the transfer of the shares on its books or issuing any certificate there for, may require from the person seeking the
transfer reasonable proof of that person s right to the transfer. If there remains a reasonable doubt of the right to the transfer,
the Company may refuse a transfer unless the person gives adequate security or a bond of indemnity executed by a corporate surety or by
two individual sureties satisfactory to the Company as to form, amount, and responsibility of sureties. The bond shall be conditioned
to protect the Company, its officers, Transfer Agents, and registrars, or any of them, against any loss, damage, expense, or other liability
for the transfer or the issuance of a new certificate for shares. 

12 

9.3. Lost Certificates .
The Board may direct the Secretary, Transfer Agent, or registrar of the Company to issue a new certificate to any holder of record of
shares of the Company s stock claiming that he has lost such certificate, or that someone has stolen, destroyed or mutilated such
certificate, upon the receipt of an affidavit from such holder to such fact. When authorizing the issue of a new certificate, the Board,
in its discretion may require as a condition precedent to the issuance that the owner of such certificate give the Company a bond of indemnity
in such form and amount as the Board may direct. 

9.4. Regulations . The
Board may make such rules and regulations, not inconsistent with these Bylaws, as it deems expedient concerning the issue, transfer and
registration of certificates for shares of the stock of the Company. The Board may appoint or authorize any officer or officers to appoint
one or more Transfer Agents, or one or more registrars, and may require all certificates for stock to bear the signature or signatures
of any of them. 

9.5. Holder of Record .
The Company may treat as absolute owners of shares the person in whose name the shares stand of record as if that person had full competency,
capacity and authority to exercise all rights of ownership, despite any knowledge or notice to the contrary or any description indicating
a representative, pledge or other fiduciary relation, or any reference to any other instrument or to the rights of any other person appearing
upon its record or upon the share certificate. However, the Company may treat any person furnishing proof of his appointment as a fiduciary
as if he were the holder of record of the shares. 

9.6. Treasury Shares .
Treasury shares of the Company shall consist of shares which the Company has issued and thereafter acquired but not canceled. Treasury
shares shall not carry voting or dividend rights. 

9.7. Consideration For
Shares . Shares may be issued for such consideration as may be fixed from time to time by the Board, but not less than the par value
stated in the Certificate. 

ARTICLE X. 
INDEMNIFICATION 

 10.1. Definitions .
In this Article: 

(a) Indemnitee 
means (i) any present or former director, advisory director or officer of the Company, (ii) any person who while serving in any of the
capacities referred to in clause (i) hereof served at the Company s request as a director, officer, partner, venturer, proprietor,
trustee, employee, agent or similar functionary of another foreign or domestic corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee
benefit plan or other enterprise, and (iii) any person nominated or designated by (or pursuant to authority granted by) the Board or any
committee thereof to serve in any of the capacities referred to in clauses (i) or (ii) hereof. 

(b) Official
Capacity means (i) when used with respect to a director, the office of director of the Company, and (ii) when used with
respect to a person other than a director, the elective or appointive office of the Company held by such person or the employment or agency
relationship undertaken by such person on behalf of the Company, but in each case does not include service for any other foreign or domestic
corporation or any partnership, joint venture, sole proprietorship, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise. 

(c) Proceeding 
means any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, arbitrative or investigative,
any appeal in such an action, suit or proceeding, and any inquiry or investigation that could lead to such an action, suit or proceeding. 

13 

10.2. Indemnification .
The Company shall indemnify every Indemnitee against all judgments, penalties (including excise and similar taxes), fines, amounts paid
in settlement and reasonable expenses actually incurred by the Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding in which he was, is or is
threatened to be named defendant or respondent, or in which he was or is a witness without being named a defendant or respondent, by reason,
in whole or in part, of his serving or having served, or having been nominated or designated to serve, in any of the capacities referred
to in Section 10.1 , if it is determined in accordance with Section 10.4 that the Indemnitee (a) conducted himself in good
faith, (b) reasonably believed, in the case of conduct in his Official Capacity, that his conduct was in the Company s best interests
and, in all other cases, that his conduct was at least not opposed to the Company s best interests, and (c) in the case of any criminal
proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful; provided, however, that in the event that an Indemnitee
is found liable to the Company or is found liable on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received by the Indemnitee the indemnification
(i) is limited to reasonable expenses actually incurred by the Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding and (ii) shall not be made
in respect of any Proceeding in which the Indemnitee shall have been found liable for willful or intentional misconduct in the performance
of his duty to the Company. Except as provided in the immediately preceding proviso to the first sentence of this Section 10.2 ,
no indemnification shall be made under this Section 10.2 in respect of any Proceeding in which such Indemnitee shall have been
(a) found liable on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received by him, whether or not the benefit resulted from an action
taken in the Indemnitee s Official Capacity, or (b) found liable to the Company. The termination of any Proceeding by judgment,
order, settlement or conviction, or on a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, is not of itself determinative that the Indemnitee
did not meet the requirements set forth in clauses (a), (b) or (c) in the first sentence of this Section 10.2 . An Indemnitee shall
be deemed to have been found liable in respect of any claim, issue or matter only after the Indemnitee shall have been so adjudged by
a court of competent jurisdiction after exhaustion of all appeals therefrom. Reasonable expenses shall, include, without limitation, all
court costs and all fees and disbursements of attorneys for the Indemnitee. The indemnification provided herein shall be applicable whether
or not negligence or gross negligence of the Indemnitee is alleged or proven. 

10.3. Successful Defense .
Without limitation of Section 10.2 and in addition to the indemnification provided for in Section 10.2 , the Company shall
indemnify every Indemnitee against reasonable expenses incurred by such person in connection with any Proceeding in which he is a witness
or a named defendant or respondent because he served in any of the capacities referred to in Section 10.1 , if such person has been
wholly successful, on the merits or otherwise, in defense of the Proceeding. 

10.4. Determinations .
Any indemnification under Section 10.2 (unless ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction) shall be made by the Company only
upon a determination that indemnification of the Indemnitee is proper in the circumstances because he has met the applicable standard
of conduct. Such determination shall be made (a) by the Board by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who, at the time
of such vote, are not named defendants or respondents in the Proceeding; (b) if such a quorum cannot be obtained, then by a majority vote
of a committee of the Board, duly designated to act in the matter by a majority vote of all directors (in which designated directors who
are named defendants or respondents in the Proceeding may participate), such committee to consist solely of two (2) or more directors
who, at the time of the committee vote, are not named defendants or respondents in the Proceeding; (c) by special legal counsel selected
by the Board or a committee thereof by vote as set forth in clauses (a) or (b) of this Section 10.4 or, if the requisite quorum
of all of the directors cannot be obtained therefor and such committee cannot be established, by a majority vote of all of the directors
(in which directors who are named defendants or respondents in the Proceeding may participate); or (d) by the stockholders in a vote that
excludes the shares held by directors that are named defendants or respondents in the Proceeding. Determination as to reasonableness of
expenses shall be made in the same manner as the determination that indemnification is permissible, except that if the determination that
indemnification is permissible is made by special legal counsel, determination as to reasonableness of expenses must be made in the manner
specified in clause (c) of the preceding sentence for the selection of special legal counsel. In the event a determination is made under
this Section 10.4 that the Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct as to some matters but not as to others, amounts
to be indemnified may be reasonably prorated. 

14 

10.5. Advancement of Expenses .
Reasonable expenses (including court costs and attorneys fees) incurred by an Indemnitee who was or is a witness or was, is or
is threatened to be made a named defendant or respondent in a Proceeding shall be paid by the Company at reasonable intervals in advance
of the final disposition of such Proceeding, and without making any of the determinations specified in Section 10.4 , after receipt
by the Company of (a) a written affirmation by such Indemnitee of his good faith belief that he has met the standard of conduct necessary
for indemnification by the Company under this Article and (b) a written undertaking by or on behalf of such Indemnitee to repay the amount
paid or reimbursed by the Company if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company as authorized
in this Article. Such written undertaking shall be an unlimited obligation of the Indemnitee but need not be secured and it may be accepted
without reference to financial ability to make repayment. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article, the Company may pay or
reimburse expenses incurred by an Indemnitee in connection with his appearance as a witness or other participation in a Proceeding at
a time when he is not named a defendant or respondent in the Proceeding. 

10.6. Employee Benefit
Plans . For purposes of this Article, the Company shall be deemed to have requested an Indemnitee to serve an employee benefit plan
whenever the performance by him of his duties to the Company also imposes duties on or otherwise involves services by him to the plan
or participants or beneficiaries of the plan. Excise taxes assessed on an Indemnitee with respect to an employee benefit plan pursuant
to applicable law shall be deemed fines. Action taken or omitted by an Indemnitee with respect to an employee benefit plan in the performance
of his duties for a purpose reasonably believed by him to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of the plan shall be
deemed to be for a purpose which is not opposed to the best interests of the Company. 

10.7. Other Indemnification
and Insurance . The indemnification provided by this Article shall (a) not be deemed exclusive of, or to preclude, any other rights
to which those seeking indemnification may at any time be entitled under the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, any law, agreement
or vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise, or under any policy or policies of insurance purchased and maintained
by the Company on behalf of any Indemnitee, both as to action in his Official Capacity and as to action in any other capacity, (b) continue
as to a person who has ceased to be in the capacity by reason of which he was an Indemnitee with respect to matters arising during the
period he was in such capacity, (c) inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person and (d) not be required
if and to the extent that the person otherwise entitled to payment of such amounts hereunder has actually received payment therefor under
any insurance policy, contract or otherwise. 

10.8. Notice . Any indemnification
of or advance of expenses to an Indemnitee in accordance with this Article shall be reported in writing to the stockholders of the Company
with or before the notice or waiver of notice of the next stockholders meeting or with or before the next submission to stockholders
of a consent to action without a meeting and, in any case, within the 12-month period immediately following the date of the indemnification
or advance. 

10.9. Construction .
The indemnification provided by this Article shall be subject to all valid and applicable laws, including, without limitation, Delaware
Law, and, in the event this Article or any of the provisions hereof or the indemnification contemplated hereby are found to be inconsistent
with or contrary to any such valid laws, the latter shall be deemed to control and this Article shall be regarded as modified accordingly,
and, as so modified, to continue in full force and effect. 

10.10. Continuing Offer,
Reliance, etc . The provisions of this Article (a) are for the benefit of, and may be enforced by, each Indemnitee of the Company,
the same as if set forth in their entirety in a written instrument duly executed and delivered by the Company and such Indemnitee and
(b) constitute a continuing offer to all present and future Indemnitees. The Company, by its adoption of these Bylaws, (a) acknowledges
and agrees that each Indemnitee of the Company has relied upon and will continue to rely upon the provisions of this Article in becoming,
and serving in any of the capacities referred to in Section 10.1 of this Article, (b) waives reliance upon, and all notices of
acceptance of, such provisions by such Indemnitees and (c) acknowledges and agrees that no present or future Indemnitee shall be prejudiced
in his right to enforce the provisions of this Article in accordance with its terms by any act or failure to act on the part of the Company. 

15 

10.11. Effect of Amendment .
No amendment, modification or repeal of this Article or any provision hereof shall in any manner terminate, reduce or impair the right
of any past, present or future Indemnitees to be indemnified by the Company, nor the obligation of the Company to indemnify any such Indemnitees,
under and in accordance with the provisions of the Article as in effect immediately prior to such amendment, modification or repeal with
respect to claims arising from or relating to matters occurring, in whole or in part, prior to such amendment, modification or repeal,
regardless of when such claims may arise or be asserted. 

ARTICLE XI. 
TAKEOVER OFFERS 

11.1. Takeover Offers .
In the event the Company receives a takeover offer, the Board shall consider all relevant factors in evaluating such offer, including,
but not limited to, the terms of the offer, and the potential economic and social impact of such offer on the Company s Stockholders,
employees, customers, creditors and community in which it operates. 

ARTICLE XII. 
DIVIDENDS 

12.1. General . The
Board, subject to any restrictions contained in either (i) Delaware Law, or (ii) the Certificate, may declare and pay dividends upon the
shares of its capital stock. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the Company s capital stock. 

12.2. Dividend Reserve .
The Board may set apart out of any of the funds of the Company available for dividends a reserve or reserves for any proper purpose and
may abolish any such reserve. 

ARTICLE XIII. 
NOTICES 

13.1. General . Whenever
these Bylaws require notice to any Stockholder, director, officer or agent, such notice does not mean personal notice. A person may give
effective notice under these Bylaws in every case by depositing a writing in a post office or letter box in a postpaid, sealed wrapper,
or by dispatching a prepaid telegram addressed to such Stockholder, director, officer or agent at his address on the books of the Company.
Unless these Bylaws expressly provide to the contrary, the time when the person sends notice shall constitute the time of the giving of
notice. 

13.2. Waiver of Notice .
Whenever the law or these Bylaws require notice, the person entitled to said notice may waive such notice in writing, either before or
after the time stated therein. 

13.3. Electronic Notice .
Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to Stockholders pursuant to Delaware Law, the Certificate
or these Bylaws, any notice to Stockholders given by the Company under any provision of Delaware Law, the Certificate or these Bylaws
shall be effective if given by a form of electronic transmission consented to by the Stockholder to whom the notice is given. Any such
consent shall be revocable by the Stockholder by written notice to the Company. Any such consent shall be deemed revoked if: 

(i) 
 the Company is unable to deliver by electronic transmission two consecutive notices given by the Company in accordance with such consent; and 

(ii) 
 such inability becomes known to the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company or to the Transfer Agent, or other person responsible for the giving of notice. 

However, the inadvertent failure
to treat such inability as a revocation shall not invalidate any meeting or other action. 

Any notice given pursuant
to the preceding paragraph shall be deemed given: 

(i) 
 if by facsimile telecommunication, when directed to a number at which the Stockholder has consented to receive notice; 

16 

(ii) 
 if by electronic mail, when directed to an electronic mail address at which the Stockholder has consented to receive notice; 

(iii) 
 if by a posting on an electronic network together with separate notice to the Stockholder of such specific posting, upon the later of (A) such posting and (B) the giving of such separate notice; and 

(iv) 
 if by any other form of electronic transmission, when directed to the Stockholder. 

An affidavit of the Secretary
or an Assistant Secretary or of the Transfer Agent or other agent of the Company that the notice has been given by a form of electronic
transmission shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein. An electronic transmission 
means any form of communication, not directly involving the physical transmission of paper, that creates a record that may be retained,
retrieved, and reviewed by a recipient thereof, and that may be directly reproduced in paper form by such a recipient through an automated
process. 

Notwithstanding the above,
no notice by a form of electronic transmission shall be effective if prohibited by Delaware Law, the Certificate or these Bylaws. 

13.4. Undeliverable Notices .
Whenever notice is required to be given, under any provision of Delaware Law, the Certificate or these Bylaws, to any Stockholder to whom
(a) notice of two (2) consecutive annual meetings, or (b) all, and at least two (2) payments (if sent by first-class mail) of dividends
or interest on securities during a twelve (12) month period, have been mailed addressed to such person at such person s address
as shown on the records of the Company and have been returned undeliverable, the giving of such notice to such person shall not be required.
Any action or meeting which shall be taken or held without notice to such person shall have the same force and effect as if such notice
had been duly given. If any such person shall deliver to the Company a written notice setting forth such person s then current address,
the requirement that notice be given to such person shall be reinstated. In the event that the action taken by the Company is such as
to require the filing of an amendment to the Certificate with the Secretary of State of Delaware, the amendment need not state that notice
was not given to persons to whom notice was not required to be given pursuant to Delaware Law. 

ARTICLE XIV. 
MISCELLANEOUS 

14.1. Facsimile Signatures .
In addition to the use of facsimile signatures which these Bylaws specifically authorize, the Company may use such facsimile signatures
of any officer or officers, agents or agent, of the Company as the Board or a committee of the Board may authorize. 

14.2. Corporate Seal .
The Board may provide for a suitable seal containing the name of the Company, of which the Secretary shall be in charge. The Treasurer,
any Assistant Secretary, or any Assistant Treasurer may keep and use the seal or duplicates of the seal if and when the Board or a committee
of the Board so directs. 

 14.3. Fiscal Year .
The Board shall have the authority to fix and change the fiscal year of the Company. 

14.4. Bylaw Provisions
Additional and Supplemental to Provisions of Law . All restrictions, limitations, requirements and other provisions of these Bylaws
shall be construed, insofar as possible, as supplemental and additional to all provisions of law applicable to the subject matter thereof
and shall be fully complied with in addition to the said provisions of law unless such compliance shall be illegal. 

14.5. Bylaw Provisions
Contrary to or Inconsistent with Provisions of Law . Any article, section, subsection, subdivision, sentence, clause or phrase of these
Bylaws which, upon being construed in the manner provided in Section 14.4 of these Bylaws, shall be contrary to or inconsistent
with any applicable provision of law, shall not apply so long as said provisions of law shall remain in effect, but such result shall
not affect the validity or applicability of any other portions of these Bylaws, it being hereby declared that these Bylaws, and each article,
section, subsection, subdivision, sentence, clause, or phrase thereof, would have been adopted irrespective of the fact that any one or
more articles, sections, subsections, subdivisions, sentences, clauses or phrases is or are illegal. 

ARTICLE XV. 
AMENDMENTS 

15.1. Amendments . Subject
to the provisions of the Certificate, the Stockholders or the Board may amend or repeal these Bylaws at any stockholders or directors
meeting, subject to the voting and approval requirements of the stockholders and the directors, as applicable, set forth herein for general
Company matters. All amendments shall be upon advice of counsel as to legality, except in emergency. Bylaw changes shall take effect upon
adoption unless otherwise specified. 

17 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-4.4>
 3
 f10k2022ex4-4_pasitheathera.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.4 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES 

 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

As of December 31, 2022, Pasithea Therapeutics
Corp. (the Company , we or our had common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Common
Stock ), and warrants issued in connection with our initial public offering exercisable to purchase shares of Common Stock Warrants ),
registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

General 

The Company does not have a classified board of
directors. Pasithea is authorized to issue an aggregate of 500,000,000 shares. The authorized capital stock is divided into 495,000,000
shares of Common Stock having a par value of 0.0001 per share and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock having a par value of 0.0001 per
share. 

Common Stock 

All shares of Common Stock of the Company are
one and the same class, identical in all respects and have equal rights, powers and privileges. 

Voting. Except as otherwise provided for
by resolution of the board of directors, the holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock have the exclusive right to vote on all matters
requiring stockholder action. On each matter on which holders of Common Stock are entitled to vote, each outstanding share of such Common
Stock is entitled to one vote. 

Dividends. Subject to the rights of holders
of any series of outstanding preferred stock, holders of shares of Common Stock have equal rights of participation in the dividends and
other distributions in cash, stock or property of the Company when, as and if declared thereon by the board of directors from time to
time out of assets or funds of the Company legally available therefor and shall have equal rights to receive the assets and funds of the
Company available for distribution to stockholders in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company,
whether voluntary or involuntary.. 

Liquidation. Subject to the rights of holders
of any series of outstanding preferred stock, holders of shares of Common Stock have equal rights to receive the assets and funds of the
Company available for distribution to stockholders in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company,
whether voluntary or involuntary. 

Rights and Preferences. Holders of our
Common Stock will have no preemptive, conversion or subscription rights, and there will be no redemption or sinking funds provisions applicable
to our Common Stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of our Common Stock will be subject to, and may be adversely
affected by, the rights of the holders of share of any series of our preferred stock that we may designate and issue in the future. 

Fully Paid and Nonassessable. All of our
outstanding shares of Common Stock are, and the shares of Common Stock to be issued upon exercise of the Warrants will be, fully paid
and nonassessable. 

Warrants 

The following summary of certain terms and
provisions of the Warrants is not complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the provisions of the Warrant Agent Agreement
between us and VStock Transfer, LLC, as warrant agent, and the form of Warrant, both of which are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report
on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.4 is a part. We encourage you to review the terms and provisions set forth in the Warrant Agency
Agreement and form of Warrant. 

Exercisability. The Warrants are exercisable
at any time up to the date that is five years after their original issuance. The Warrants will be exercisable, at the option of each holder,
in whole or in part by delivering to us a duly executed exercise notice and, at any time a registration statement registering the issuance
of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act is effective
and available for the issuance of such shares, or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act is available for the issuance
of such shares, by payment in full in immediately available funds for the number of shares of Common Stock purchased upon such exercise.
If a registration statement registering the issuance of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants under the Securities Act is
not effective or available and an exemption from registration under the Securities Act is not available for the issuance of such shares,
the holder may, in its sole discretion, elect to exercise the Warrant through a cashless exercise, in which case the holder would receive
upon such exercise the net number of shares of Common Stock determined according to the formula set forth in the Warrant. No fractional
shares of Common Stock will be issued in connection with the exercise of a Warrant. In lieu of fractional shares, we will round up or
down, as applicable, to the nearest whole number the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to such holder. 

Exercise Limitation. A holder will not
have the right to exercise any portion of the Warrant if the holder (together with its affiliates) would beneficially own more than 4.99 
of the outstanding Common Stock after exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the Warrants,
except that upon notice from the holder to us, the holder may waive such limitation up to a percentage, not in excess of 9.99 of the
number of shares of our Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined
in accordance with the terms of the Warrants. 

Exercise Price. The exercise price per
whole share of Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of the Warrants is 6.25 per share. The exercise price is subject to appropriate
adjustment in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events
affecting our Common Stock and also upon any distributions of assets, including cash, stock or other property to our stockholders. 

Transferability. Subject to applicable
laws, the Warrants may be offered for sale, sold, transferred or assigned without our consent. 

Warrant Agent. The Warrants were issued
in registered form under a Warrant Agent Agreement between VStock Transfer, LLC, as warrant agent, and us. The Warrants were initially
represented only by one or more global Warrants deposited with the warrant agent, as custodian on behalf of The Depository Trust Company DTC and registered in the name of Cede Co., a nominee of DTC, or as otherwise directed by DTC. 

Fundamental Transactions. In the event
of a fundamental transaction, as described in the Warrants and generally including any reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification
of our Common Stock, the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of our properties or assets, our consolidation
or merger with or into another person, the acquisition of more than 50 of our outstanding Common Stock, or any person or group becoming
the beneficial owner of 50 of the voting power represented by our outstanding Common Stock, the holders of the Warrants will be entitled
to receive upon exercise of the Warrants the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property that the holders would have received
had they exercised the Warrants immediately prior to such fundamental transaction. 

2 

Rights as a Stockholder. Except as otherwise
provided in the Warrants or by virtue of such holder s ownership of shares of our Common Stock, the holder of a Warrant does not
have the rights or privileges of a holder of our Common Stock, including any voting rights, until the holder exercises the Warrant. 

Governing Law. The Warrants and the Warrant
Agent Agreement are governed by New York law. 

Preferred Stock 

Shares of preferred stock of the Company may be
issued from time to time in one or more series, the shares of each series to have such voting powers, full or limited, if any, and such
designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions
thereof, as are stated and expressed in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of such series, adopted by the board of
directors. The resolutions providing for issuance of any series of preferred stock may provide that such series shall be superior to,
rank equally with or be junior to any other series of preferred stock to the extent permitted by law and the terms of any other series
of preferred stock. 

Anti-Takeover Provisions 

Some provisions of Delaware law could make the
following transactions more difficult: an acquisition of us by means of a tender offer; an acquisition of us by means of a proxy contest
or otherwise; or the removal of our incumbent officers and directors. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult
to accomplish or could deter transactions that stockholders may otherwise consider to be in their best interests or in our best interests,
including transactions that provide for payment of a premium over the market price for our shares. 

 These provisions, summarized below, are intended
to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking
to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of the increased protection of our
potential ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure us outweigh the disadvantages
of discouraging these proposals because negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. 

Undesignated Preferred Stock. The ability
of our board of directors, without action by our stockholders, to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock with voting
or other rights or preferences as designated by our board of directors could impede the success of any attempt to effect a change in control
of our company. These and other provisions may have the effect of deferring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in control or management
of our company. 

Requirements for Advance Notification of Stockholder
Nominations and Proposals. Our amended and restated bylaws establish advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals
to be brought before a stockholder meeting and the nomination of candidates for election as directors, other than nominations made by
or at the direction of our board of directors of a committee of our board of directors. 

Potential Effects of Authorized but Unissued
Stock. We have shares of common stock and preferred stock available for future issuance without stockholder approval. We may utilize
these additional shares for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings to raise additional capital, to facilitate
corporate acquisitions or payment as a dividend on the capital stock. 

The existence of unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred
stock may enable our board of directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current management or to issue preferred stock with terms
that could render more difficult or discourage a third-party attempt to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy
contest or otherwise, thereby protecting the continuity of our management. In addition, the board of directors has the discretion to determine
designations, rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption
privileges and liquidation preferences of each series of preferred stock, all to the fullest extent permissible under the DGCL and subject
to any limitations set forth in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. The purpose of authorizing the board of directors
to issue preferred stock and to determine the rights and preferences applicable to such preferred stock is to eliminate delays associated
with a stockholder vote on specific issuances. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing desirable flexibility in connection with
possible financings, acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third-party to
acquire, or could discourage a third-party from acquiring, a majority of our outstanding voting stock. 

3 

Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law. We are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, which prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with
any interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, with the
following exceptions: 

before such date, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or
the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

upon completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder,
the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction began, excluding
for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) those
shares owned (i) by persons who are directors and also officers and (ii) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have
the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or 

on or after such date, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at
an annual or special meeting of the stockholder, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 of the outstanding
voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

In general, Section 203 defines business combination
to include the following: 

any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder; 

any sale, transfer, pledge or other disposition of 10 or more of the assets of the corporation involving
the interested stockholder; 

subject to certain exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation
of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder; 

any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of
the stock or any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; or 

the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loss, advances, guarantees, pledges or
other financial benefits by or through the corporation. 

In general, Section 203 defines an interested
stockholder as an entity or person who, together with the person s affiliates and associates, beneficially owns, or within
three years prior to the time of determination of interested stockholder status did own, 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of
the corporation. 

Listing 

We have listed our Common Stock and Warrants on
The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols KTTA and KTTAW respectively since September 15, 2021. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The transfer agent and registrar for our Common
Stock and Warrants is VStock Transfer, LLC. 

4 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex21-1_pasitheathera.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of Pasithea Therapeutics Corp. 

Legal Name 
 
 Jurisdiction 
 
 Pasithea Therapeutics Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 
 
 Pasithea Clinics Corp. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Pasithea Therapeutics Portugal, Sociedade Unipessoal Lda 
 
 Portugal 
 
 Alpha 5 Integrin, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 AlloMek Therapeutics, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex23-1_pasitheathera.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (MARCUM LLP)

Exhibit 23.1 

INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S CONSENT 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of Pasithea Therapeutics Corp. on Form S-1 [FILE NOS. 333-255205
and 333-261573] and Form S-8 [FILE NO. 333-267535] of our report dated March 30, 2023, with respect to our audits of the consolidated
financial statements of Pasithea Therapeutics Corp. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for the years then ended, which report is included
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pasithea Therapeutics Corp. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

New Haven, CT 

 March 30, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex31-1_pasitheathera.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

PASITHEA THERAPEUTICS CORP. 

 CEO CERTIFICATE 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, Dr. Tiago Res Marques, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2022 for Pasithea Therapeutics Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 March 30, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Dr. Tiago Res Marques 

Name: 
 Dr. Tiago Res Marques 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex31-2_pasitheathera.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

PASITHEA THERAPEUTICS CORP. 

 CFO CERTIFICATE 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, Daniel Schneiderman, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Pasithea Therapeutics Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 March 30, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Daniel Schneiderman 

Name: 
 Daniel Schneiderman 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 f10k2022ex32-1_pasitheathera.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

PASITHEA THERAPEUTICS CORP. 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

This Certification is being filed pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. This Certification is included solely for the purposes
of complying with the provisions of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and is not intended to be used for any other purpose. In connection
with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pasithea Therapeutics Corp. (the Company for the year ended December
31, 2022 (the Annual Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies in his capacity as an officer of the Company that to such
officer s knowledge: 

1. The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Dr. Tiago Res Marques 

Name: 
 Dr. Tiago Res Marques 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

This certification shall not be deemed filed for any
purpose, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 f10k2022ex32-2_pasitheathera.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

PASITHEA THERAPEUTICS CORP. 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

This Certification is being filed pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. This Certification is included solely for the purposes
of complying with the provisions of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and is not intended to be used for any other purpose. In connection
with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pasithea Therapeutics Corp. (the Company for the year ended December
31, 2022 (the Annual Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies in his capacity as an officer of the Company that to such
officer s knowledge: 

1. 
 The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Daniel Schneiderman 

Name: 
 Daniel Schneiderman 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer and 
Principal Accounting Officer) 

This certification shall not be deemed filed for any
purpose, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 ktta-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 ktta-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 ktta-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 ktta-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 ktta-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

