<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230320_10-K_edgar_data_1941536_0001193125-23-074792.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1395731</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>551611</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>34825</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>712037</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-074792.hdr.sgml : 20230320
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230320161552
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-074792
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		10
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230320
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230320

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bridger Aerospace Group Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001941536
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41603
		FILM NUMBER:		23746570

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		90 AVIATION LANE
		CITY:			BELGRADE
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59714
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(406) 813-0079

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		90 AVIATION LANE
		CITY:			BELGRADE
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59714

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Wildfire New PubCo, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220805

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-074792.txt : 20230320

10-K
 1
 d479797d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 10-K 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM
 TO
 
 Commission File Number: 001-41603 
 
 BRIDGER AEROSPACE GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
 
 88-3599336 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

90 Aviation Lane 
 Belgrade, MT 
 
 59714 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 (406) 813-0079 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading 
 Symbols 
 
 Name of each exchange 
 on which registered 

Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share 
 
 BAER 
 
 The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share 
 
 BAERW 
 
 The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. YES NO Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days. YES NO Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit such files). YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated 
filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. (See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal
control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in
the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those
error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to
 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s outstanding shares of common stock, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the
registrant, at January 25, 2023, the first day of the registrant s shares of common stock began trading, computed by reference to the closing price for registrant s common stock on such date, as reported on The Nasdaq Global Market,
was 131,215,986.24. As of March 17, 2023, there were 43,769,290 shares of Common Stock, 0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of the registrant s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholder, to be filed no later than 120 days after the end of
the fiscal year to which this Annual Report on Form 10-K relates, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 
 The financial statements covered in this annual report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report of Bridger Aerospace Group Holdings, Inc. (the Company present the financial condition and results of operations of the Company s predecessor, Bridger Aerospace Group Holdings, LLC and its subsidiaries (collectively, Legacy
Bridger ), which operated the majority of the historical business and was identified as the acquirer and predecessor upon the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 3, 2022
(the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated therein, the Business Combination ), by and among JCIC, the Company, Wildfire Merger Sub I, Inc., a Delaware corporation and direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Company, Wildfire Merger Sub II, Inc., a Delaware corporation and direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, Wildfire Merger Sub III, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, Wildfire GP Sub
IV, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, BTOF (Grannus Feeder) NQ L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, and Legacy Bridger on January 24, 2023. 
 The Company did not conduct any activity prior to the Business Combination and Legacy Bridger became a subsidiary of the Company upon closing
of the various formation transactions completed concurrently with the Business Combination. The information provided in this Annual Report only reflects the financial condition and results of operations of Legacy Bridger as of December 31, 2022
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Because the Business Combination was completed subsequent to the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, the information provided herein regarding Legacy Bridger does
not include financial or other information regarding the other entities who were parties to the Business Combination or whose assets became part of the Business Combination. The consolidated financial data for Legacy Bridger is not necessarily
indicative of the Company s results of operations, cash flows or financial position following the completion of the Business Combination and related formation transactions. 
 Unless the context indicates otherwise, references in this Annual Report to the Company, Bridger, we, 
 us, our, and similar terms refer to Bridger Aerospace Group Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (formerly known as Wildfire New PubCo, Inc.), and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

1 

Item 1. Business 

1 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

14 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

53 

Item 2. Properties 

53 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

53 

Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 

53 

PART II 

54 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters
 and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

54 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

54 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
 Results of Operations 

55 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk 

72 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

72 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
 Disclosure 

107 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

107 

Item 9B. Other Information 

108 

Item 9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

108 

PART III 

109 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance 

109 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

109 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
 Stockholder Matters 

109 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

109 

Item 14. Principal Account Fees and Services 

109 

PART IV 

110 

Item 15. Exhibits 

110 

Item 16. Form 10-K 
Summary 

114 

i 

Table of Contents 

FREQUENTLY USED TERMS 
 Unless otherwise stated, references in this Annual Report to: 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws means the Amended and Restated Bylaws of Bridger, dated as of January 24, 2023. 
 Amended and Restated Charter means the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Bridger, dated as of January 24, 2023. 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement means the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of January 24,
2023, by and among Bridger, JCIC Sponsor, the BTO Stockholders and certain stockholders of Legacy Bridger. Board means the Bridger Board of
Directors. Blackstone means Blackstone Inc. 
 BTO Stockholders means certain direct and indirect equityholders of Bridger Aerospace Group Holdings, LLC that are affiliates of Blackstone Inc.
 Closing means the closing of the Business Combination (as defined herein). 
 Common Stock means our shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share. 
 DGCL means the Delaware General Corporation Law. 
 Existing Warrant Agreement means that certain Warrant Agreement, dated as of January 26, 2021, by and between JCIC and Continental Stock
Transfer Trust Company. JCIC means Jack Creek Investment Corp., a special purpose acquisition company which participated in the
Business Combination with Bridger and Legacy Bridger . JCIC Class A Ordinary Share means the JCIC s Class A ordinary
shares, par value 0.0001 per share. JCIC IPO means JCIC s initial public offering, which was consummated on January 26, 2021. 
 JCIC Sponsor means JCIC Sponsor LLC, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership. 
 JCIC Units means the 34,500,000 units originally issued and outstanding in connection with JCIC s initial public offering, each of which
originally consisted of one JCIC Class A Ordinary Share, and one-half of one redeemable warrant of JCIC, each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one JCIC Class A Ordinary Share at
an exercise price of 11.50 per share. JCIC Warrants means the 26,650,000 warrants to purchase one JCIC Class A Ordinary Share at an
exercise price of 11.50 originally issued in connection with JCIC s initial public offering. Legacy Bridger Class A Common Shares 
are to Class A common shares of Legacy Bridger, which were converted into Common Stock at the Closing. Legacy Bridger Class B Common
Shares are to Class B common shares of Legacy Bridger, which were converted into Common Stock at the Closing. 
 ii 

Table of Contents 

Legacy Bridger Class C Common Shares are to Class C common shares of Legacy Bridger,
which were converted into Common Stock at the Closing. Legacy Bridger Class D Common Shares are to Class D common shares of Legacy
Bridger, which were converted into Common Stock at the Closing. Legacy Bridger Common Shares are to Class A, Class B, Class C
and Class D common shares of Legacy Bridger, which were converted into Common Stock at the Closing. Legacy Bridger Equityholders means
(a) the holders of Legacy Bridger s equity immediately prior to the Closing Date, which include the former direct and indirect equityholders of Bridger Element LLC, Bridger Management Stockholders, BTO Stockholders, and Series C
Shareholders, except for Blocker and (b) Blocker s equityholders, collectively. Legacy Bridger Incentive Units are to Legacy
Bridger Class D Common Shares, which were converted into Common Stock upon the Closing. Legacy Bridger Series A Preferred Shares means
Legacy Bridger Series A-1 Preferred Shares and Legacy Bridger Series A-2 Preferred Shares. 
 Legacy Bridger Series A-1 Preferred Shares means Series A-1 
preferred shares of Legacy Bridger, which were fully redeemed prior to Closing. Legacy Bridger Series A-2 
Preferred Shares means Series A-2 preferred shares of Legacy Bridger, which were fully redeemed prior to Closing. 
 Legacy Bridger Series B Preferred Shares means Series B preferred shares of Legacy Bridger, which were fully redeemed prior to Closing. 
 Legacy Bridger Series C Preferred Shares means Series C preferred shares of Legacy Bridger, which were surrendered and exchanged into Bridger
Series A Preferred Stock on a one-to-one basis in connection with the Business Combination. 
 Nasdaq means the Nasdaq Global Market. 
 Preferred Stock means preferred stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share. 
 Private Placement Warrants means the 9,400,000 warrants to purchase a share of Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, which were
issued in exchange for the 9,400,000 JCIC Warrants originally purchased in a private placement by JCIC Sponsor at a purchase price of 1.00 per share contemporaneously with the JCIC IPO. 
 Public Warrants means the 17,250,000 warrants to purchase a share of Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, which were issued in
exchange for the 17,250,000 JCIC Warrants originally issued as part of the units JCIC issued in the JCIC IPO. Securities Act means the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time. Series 2021 Bond means the Gallatin County municipal bond historically issued by Legacy
Bridger and that has been fully settled with the issuance of Series 2022 Bonds. 
 iii 

Table of Contents 

Series 2022 Bonds means the Gallatin municipal bond issuances by Bridger Aerospace Group
Holdings, LLC totaling 160,000,000 of gross proceeds that closed in July and August 2022. Series A Preferred Stock means the 1,000,000
shares of Preferred Stock that have the rights, powers, designations, preferences, and qualifications, limitations and restrictions set forth in Section 4.5 of the Amended and Restated Charter. 
 Stockholders Agreement means that certain agreement, dated January 24, 2023, by and among the Company, the former direct and indirect
equityholders of Bridger Element LLC and the BTO Stockholders. Super Scooper means a Viking Air
 CL-415EAF. Transaction Agreements means the Merger Agreement, JCIC Sponsor Agreement, the
Stockholders Agreement and the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, in each case, including all annexes, exhibits, schedules, attachments and appendices thereto, and any certificate or other instrument delivered by any party to any
other party pursuant to any of the foregoing. Warrant Agreement means the Existing Warrant Agreement as assumed by the Company by virtue of
the Warrant Assumption Agreement. Warrant Assumption Agreement means the Warrant Assumption Agreement, dated January 24, 2023, by and
among JCIC, the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. Warrants means the Public Warrants and Private Placement
Warrants. Warrant Agent means Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 
 Warrant Holders means the holders of the Warrants. 
 iv 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain statements included in this Annual Report are not historical facts but are forward-looking statements, including for purposes of the
safe harbor provisions under the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements generally are accompanied by words such as believe, may, will, estimate, 
 continue, anticipate, intend, expect, should, would, plan, project, forecast, predict, potential, seem, 
 seek, future, outlook, target, and similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters, but the absence of these words does not mean
that a statement is not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, (1) anticipated expansion of Bridger s operations and increased deployment of Bridger s aircraft fleet; (2) Bridger s
business plans and growth plans; (3) increases in the aerial firefighting market; (4) current and future potential commercial and customer relationships; and (5) anticipated investments in additional aircraft, capital resource, and
research and development and the effect of these investments. These statements are based on various assumptions, whether or not identified in this Annual Report, and on the current expectations of Bridger s management and are not predictions of
actual performance. These forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as, and must not be relied on by any investor as, a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of
fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of Bridger. These forward-looking statements are subject to a
number of risks and uncertainties, including: changes in domestic and foreign business, market, financial, political and legal conditions; failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination; Bridger s ability to
successfully and timely develop, sell and expand its technology and products, and otherwise implement its growth strategy; risks relating to Bridger s operations and business, including information technology IT and cybersecurity
risks, loss of requisite licenses, flight safety risks, loss of key customers and deterioration in relationships between Bridger and its employees; risks related to increased competition; risks relating to potential disruption of current plans,
operations and infrastructure of Bridger as a result of the consummation of the Business Combination; risks that Bridger is unable to secure or protect its intellectual property; risks that Bridger experiences difficulties managing its growth and
expanding operations; the ability to compete with existing or new companies that could cause downward pressure on prices, fewer customer orders, reduced margins, the inability to take advantage of new business opportunities, and the loss of market
share; the impact of the coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic; the ability to successfully select, execute or integrate future acquisitions into the business, which could result in material adverse
effects to operations and financial conditions; and those factors discussed in the section of this Annual Report entitled Risk Factors contained in this Annual Report. If any of these risks materialize or our assumptions prove
incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties above are not exhaustive, and there may be additional risks that Bridger presently does not know or that
Bridger currently believes are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements reflect Bridger s expectations, plans or forecasts of
future events and views as of the date of this Annual Report. Bridger anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause Bridger s assessments to change. However, while Bridger may elect to update these forward-looking statements at
some point in the future, Bridger specifically disclaims any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Bridger s assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this Annual Report.
Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report. 
 v 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this section to Bridger, we , us ,
 our or the Company refer to the business of Legacy Bridger and its subsidiaries prior to the consummation of the Business Combination and the business of Bridger Aerospace Group Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries after the
consummation of the Business Combination. Company Overview 
 Bridger provides aerial wildfire surveillance, relief and suppression and aerial firefighting services using next-generation technology and
environmentally friendly and sustainable firefighting methods primarily throughout the United States. Our mission is to save lives, property and habitats threatened by wildfires, leveraging our high-quality team, specialized aircraft and innovative
use of technology and data. We are meeting an underserved and growing need for next-generation full-service aerial firefighting platforms. 
 Bridger was founded by our Chief Executive Officer and former Navy SEAL officer Timothy Sheehy, in Bozeman, Montana in 2014 with one aircraft
and a vision to build a global enterprise to fight wildfires. Bridger has since grown into a full-spectrum aerial firefighting service provider in the U.S. and in the field of aerial wildfire management, offering technology and services to provide
front-line firefighters and fire suppression decision-makers access to key fire data in order to effectively combat wildfires. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has a team of 166 employees and has developed an ecosystem of solutions, services and
technologies supporting firefighting ground crews and the public. The areas in which human development meets or intermingles with
undeveloped wildland and vegetative fuels that are both fire-dependent and fire-prone wildland-urban interface or WUI have grown by more than 179 thousand square kilometers in the U.S. from 1980 to 2020, according to a
2022 article by the United States Forest Service (the USFS and the USFS WUI Increase Article ). 2 WUI areas, which comprise 9.4 of the U.S. land area, now include nearly one-third of all residences, according to the USFS WUI Increase Article. At the same time, the annual acres burned per fire between 1985 and 2020 have increased by nearly five-fold according to data published by the
National Interagency Fire Center (the NIFC ). 3 As the WUI areas continue to grow and wildfires grow larger, more aggressive firefighting strategies are necessary to ensure public
safety. Additionally, the NIFC Suppression Costs Data shows total number of U.S. acres burned annually has increased more than three-fold from 1985 to 2020. 
 These trends have led to a response by the U.S. federal government to increase spending on fire suppression since 1985 with a compound annual
growth rate of 8.4 to 4.4 billion in 2021, according to the NIFC Suppression Costs Data. Even with this increased spending and demand, unfulfilled requests for fixed wing aircraft for aerial firefighting grew at a compound annual growth rate
of 4.7 between 2002 and 2022, with 654 unfulfilled requests in 2022, according to National Interagency Coordination Center (the NICC ). 4 

2 
 United States Department of Agriculture Forest Service, New Analyses Reveal WUI Growth in the
U.S. , last modified Sept. 8, 2022 (https://www.nrs.fs.usda.gov/data/WUI/). 

3 
 NIFC, Suppression Costs , last accessed Feb. 24, 2022
(https://www.nifc.gov/fire-information/statistics/suppression-costs) (the NIFC Suppression Costs Data ). 

4 
 National Interagency Coordination Center, Wildland Fire Summary Statistics Annual Report 2022 , last
accessed Feb. 28, 2023 (https://www.predictiveservices.nifc.gov/intelligence/2022_statssumm/annual_report_2022.pdf) (the NICC 2022 Annual Report NIFC, 2002 Statistics Summary , last accessed Feb. 28, 2022
(https://www.nifc.gov/nicc/predictive/intelligence/2002_statssumm/incident_support.pdf). 
 1 

Table of Contents 

Bridger s management estimates that aerial suppression spend represented approximately
42.7 of an estimated 21.9 billion firefighting market globally in 2021. 5 There is a rapidly growing global need for fire suppression assets, and Bridger s management believes that a
shift away from ground services to air-based suppression has already commenced. The market is anticipated to continue to expand as wildfires rage across Europe and the U.S. 
 Our Services Our portfolio is organized
across two core offerings: 

Fire Suppression: Consists of deploying specialized Super Scooper aircraft to drop large amounts of water quickly
and directly on wildfires. 

Aerial Surveillance: Consists of providing aerial surveillance for fire suppression aircraft over an incident and
providing tactical coordination with the incident commander. Aerial surveillance uses both manned aircraft Air Attack and unmanned aircraft. 
 Fire Suppression We provide
direct fire suppression aerial firefighting support for ground crews by operating the Super Scooper. Aerial fire suppression is provided in conjunction with traditional ground firefighting approaches, and specialized aircraft drop high volumes of
water directly onto active wildfires. Because wildfires largely occur within close proximity to a major water source, leveraging readily available resources is more time- and fuel- efficient in combating wildfires when time is of the essence. The
Super Scooper aircraft allow for rapid delivery of water strikes to extinguish wildfires, particularly when deployed in tandem or larger groups to allow for continuous water delivery as aircraft return to the water source. In 2020, we were the first
launch customer for the Super Scooper aircraft produced by Viking Air Limited Viking ), an affiliate of Longview Aviation Services Inc. LAS ), and we immediately deployed the aircraft to combat wildfires in Nevada, Oregon and
Washington. Aerial Surveillance 
 Wildfires can spread quickly and change course in an instant. Our aerial surveillance services provide decision-makers rapid, current
intelligence from useful aerial vantage points, giving them access to key information to support more effective deployment of ground firefighters and improved safety for the public at large. Our aerial surveillance services leverage manned and
unmanned aircraft. Our manned aerial surveillance services operate 13 aircraft, including five Twin Commanders Twin
Commanders ), four Daher Kodiak 100s Daher Kodiak ), three Pilatus PC-12 and one DeHaviland Twin Otter Twin Otter ). We have seven years of experience in providing USFS Type 1 Air
Tactical Group Supervisors ATGS the aerial platform to relay the necessary information to ground-based Interagency Incident Commanders Incident Commanders who are responsible for the overall management of the wildfire and
determine how resources are deployed. We are one of the largest ATGS platform providers in the U.S. and have contracts covering 100 of the U.S. 

5 
 Bridger management defines the global firefighting market as the sum of the
 air-based suppression, ground, and fire data, aerial imagery-related, and emergency mobile application markets. The air-based suppression market is based on the global
aerial firefighting market size from the June 2021 Verified Market Research report. The ground market is based on Bridger management s estimated 4.3 billion US ground market based on budgeted wildfire expenditures for key federal and
state agencies; Bridger management estimated that the US ground market represented approximately 45 of the global ground market. The fire data, aerial imagery-related, and emergency mobile application market is based on Bridger management s
estimated 0.9 billion US market for the fire data and surveillance-related emergency market based on review of available peer company data; Bridger management estimated that the US fire data and surveillance-related emergency market
represented approximately 30 of the global fire data, aerial imagery-related, and emergency mobile application market. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Our unmanned aerial surveillance UAS services fly in low-visibility or in hazardous conditions over active wildfires where manned aircraft are not optimal due to safety concerns. UAS surveillance services provide near real-time data to USFS Incident Commanders using
infrared and optical imagery to track the movement and status of the entire fire area and inform decisions in allocating resources. The data from UAS surveillance is displayed on a tablet, providing decision-makers with near real-time data from the
aircraft in flight. Our current UAS include two Aurora Vertical Take-Off and Landing eVTOL Skiron systems Aurora eVTOL Skiron ). The two Aurora eVTOL Skiron aircraft are fully
electric and emit zero emissions during operations, supporting our sustainable and environmentally friendly firefighting methods. Our UAS operations have logged over 385 hours of flight time in multiple wildland complexes since inception. As a
result, the U.S. Department of the Interior chose us to be the first ever Type I UAS on a call-when-needed basis over active wildfires throughout the U.S. 
 Our Aircraft We deploy modern technology
to track and attack wildland fires and have an expansive fleet of specialized firefighting aircraft stationed at two existing hangars at the Bozeman Yellowstone International Airport in Belgrade, Montana. Our aircraft form the basis of our service
offerings and, as such, we strive to continually invest in advancements in aerial firefighting platforms. We continually invest in our fleet to expand our capabilities while assessing opportunities to acquire next-generation firefighting assets to
combat the rising threat of wildfires. We currently operate an aircraft fleet of 21 planes, comprised of the following: 

6 Super Scoopers 

5 Twin Commanders 

4 Daher Kodiak 

3 Pilatus PC-12 (one owned and two unowned) 

2 Aurora eVTOL Skiron 

1 Twin Otter (unowned) 
 Super Scooper The Super Scooper
is the only aircraft designed and built to fight fires and can fly more aggressively in extreme terrains over all other aircraft with equal or greater water capacity. The Super Scooper is an amphibious aircraft that skims the surface of a body of
water to scoop water into onboard tanks to drop on a fire. The purposeful design of the Super Scooper allows for an aggressive low-altitude flight profile, which enables pilots to deliver their drops with more
precision, hitting the fire harder and extinguishing it faster. Super Scoopers can scoop up to 1,412 gallons of water in approximately 12 seconds, and with 90 of wildfires within 20 miles of a major water source (see graph below), Super Scoopers
provide an extremely effective tool to economically and expeditiously deliver water to a fire without having to return to an airport to refill the water tanks. With a water source within a five-mile radius, the Super Scooper can drop on its target
up to every seven minutes for a total of approximately 35 drops, or 50,000 gallons of water, before needing to refuel. As a result of our operations of these Super Scooper assets, in conjunction with our Air Attack and UAS fleet, we believe that we
are one of the most full-spectrum aerial fire service providers in North America. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Source: 2012 Air Attack Against Wildfire Study by the Rand Homeland Security and Defense Center. 
 The Super Scooper aircraft has an impeccable safety record, direct support from the original equipment manufacturer (the OEM ),
short take-off and landing capabilities STOL and a multi-crew flight deck. The Super Scooper has a cruising speed of 207 miles per hour. Additionally, the Super Scooper is a highly efficient
aircraft when fighting wildland fires and has the ability to drop a higher volume of liquid than retardant-dropping fixed-wing aircraft over the same amount of time due to its ability to gather water from nearby bodies of water. 
 Our Super Scoopers have an immaculate safety record, as we have never been assessed with any safety violations and/or citations, nor have any
of our aircraft ever been involved in any crashes or serious injuries. We have also adopted a safety management system SMS designed to reduce the likelihood of safety-related issues from arising in the course of our overall operations.
The SMS program has been audited by both the Federal Aviation Administration (the FAA and the USFS. Furthermore, the Super
Scooper has the ability to operate from smaller airports with runways as short as 2,500 feet in length while larger jet-powered aerial firefighting aircraft often need a runway of at least 4,000 feet in
length. The Super Scooper is capable of scooping water in 12 seconds from bodies of water of 4,900 feet or more in length and can empty the water load in 3 seconds in one drop or split the drop into two. The Super Scooper s water tank capacity
is shown in the table below: 

Volume Liters 

Imp Gal 

U.S. Gal 

Weight Kg 

Lbs 

Each tank 

2,673 

588 

706 

2,722 

6,000 

Total both tanks 

5,346 

1,176 

1,412 

5,443 

12,000 

4 

Table of Contents 

A summary graphic of the Super Scooper and its efficiency in collecting water is provided
below. 

Source: United States Department of Agriculture Amphibious Water Scooper Aircraft Operations Plan
2016. Air Attack Fleet 
 Air Attack aircraft provide high level situational awareness of fire growth, ground firefighting elements, other aircraft within the fire
traffic area, and changing weather conditions to Incident Commanders. Each aircraft is outfitted with a broad suite of communication technologies. The Daher Kodiak and Pilatus PC-12 aircraft, the newest
additions to our Air Attack fleet, are particularly renowned for their rugged build and versatility in landing on challenging terrain which is an asset given the inconsistent and harsh flying conditions that challenge aerial firefighting. Our Air
Attack fleet is suitable for STOL, allowing for deployment in a greater range of scenarios. A high level of reliability allows the aircraft to be serviced and available for contract for more days, with fewer unscheduled maintenance events in-field. Above active wildfires, the aircraft can maintain the fuel efficiency required to loiter for four to seven hours with slow and stable flight characteristics, offering the ATGS greater visibility. 
 Unmanned Aircraft Systems We own
and operate two Aurora eVTOL Skiron UAS as part of our unmanned aerial surveillance services. The Aurora eVTOL Skiron provide real time data to firefighters using infrared and optical imagery and have extended flight endurance of two to four hours.
Our dual-sensor imaging systems are capable of single-pass fire perimeter mapping. The data can be displayed on a tablet, allowing decision-makers to leverage near real-time data from the aircraft in flight. Belly-mounted compact dual-sensor imaging
systems generate large scale orthographic images and fire perimeter mapping, which can be overlayed on a Google Earth image for greater ease of use. Our Aurora eVTOL Skiron use a hybrid vertical take-off and
landing to facilitate agile flight operations, have an extended flight endurance of two to four hours and provide persistent intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance to Incident Commanders while minimizing downtime. The two Aurora eVTOL Skiron
aircraft are fully electric and emit zero emissions during operations, supporting our sustainable and environmentally friendly firefighting methods. Our Aurora eVTOL Skiron, while still a burgeoning capability, offer our clients consistent
surveillance when traditional manned solutions are limited. Key Market Drivers and Opportunities 
 There are several key market drivers and opportunities for our business, including: 
 Longer and more severe fire seasons drive demand for fire suppression and aerial surveillance services 
 NIFC Suppression Costs Data supports that the acreage burned in the U.S. has increased over time. While there is variability in the acreage
burned in any given year, the annual average of 7.0 million acres burned since 2000 has more than doubled the annual average acreage burned in the 1990s of 3.3 million. The year 2020 was one of the most intense fire years recorded in U.S.
history with over 10.1 million acres burned. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

While the North American wildfire off-season is
typically between November and April, fires are starting earlier in the spring and lasting deeper into the fall according to the United States Environmental Protection Agency (the
 EPA ). 6 The U.S. fire season is also lengthening on a consistent basis according to Climate Central, the U.S. fire season is on average 105 days longer than it was in 1970.
Climate Central also reported that the average number of large fires (larger than 1,000 acres) burning each year had tripled between the period of the 1970s to the 2010s, and the acres burned by such fires showed a
 six-fold increase in the 2010s compared to the 1970s. 7 Climate Central attributes the lengthening wildfire season to factors including warmer springs,
longer summer dry seasons and drier soils and vegetation, with climate change threatening to increase the extent and severity of these fires. The United States national fire preparedness level has increased over time. The five preparedness levels
range from the lowest (1) to the highest (5) and are dictated by fuel and weather conditions, fire activity, and fire suppression resource availability throughout the country. Level 5 represents that several geographic areas are
experiencing large, complex wildland fire incidents, which have the potential to exhaust national wildland firefighting resources, while Level 1 represents there is very minimal fire activity. According to data provided by the NIFC, the average
U.S. fire preparedness level during the main wildfire season (June through September) has increased over time by almost half of a level: during the past five years (2018 2022) the average U.S. fire preparedness level was 3.24, while the
average U.S. fire preparedness level since 1990 was 2.80. 8 In 2022, about
7.6 million acres of U.S. land had burned, according to the 2022 annual report by the National Centers for Environmental Information National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration NCEI ), up 7.6 from the 2001-2020 average
for the same period. 9 However, the number of wildfires during 2022 was down 3.6 from the 2001-2020 average for the same period. Additionally, according to data from the NIFC, the average national
wildland fire preparedness levels per month in 2022 reached a high of Level 4. In the same period in 2021 and 2020, the average national preparedness levels per month reached a high of
Level 5. 10 This decrease in the U.S. national level of fire preparedness in 2022 may be partially attributed to the Western United States, which experienced one of the slowest wildfire
seasons in recent years, according to a November 2022 Wall Street Journal article, due to increased and timely precipitation and cooler temperatures. 11 
 Increasing federal and state funding for wildfire control 
 National funding for wildfire management is appropriated by Congress and each state pays for wildland firefighting slightly differently. While
fire suppression activities on wildlands in the U.S. are financed through federal funds, budget-making processes may restrict the amount allocated. According to the NIFC Suppression Costs Data, federal government fire suppression spending in 2021
increased by 93.0 from 2020 to 4.4 billion. The funding is allocated to the Department of the Interior (the DOI and the USFS. Our company then enters into short, medium 

6 
 United States Environmental Protection Agency, Climate Change Indicators: Wildfires , last accessed Oct.
26, 2022 (https://www.epa.gov/climate-indicators/climate-change-indicators-wildfires) (the EPA Climate Change Indicators Article ). 

7 
 Climate Central, Climate Change is Tipping Scales Toward More Wildfires , Jun. 23, 2016
(https://www.climatesignals.org/headlines/climate-change-tipping-scales-toward-more-wildfires) (the Climate Central Article ). 

8 
 NIFC, Fire Information , last accessed Feb. 24, 2023
(https://www.nifc.gov/fire-information#current-level). 

9 
 NCEI, Monthly Wildfires Report for Annual 2022, last accessed Feb. 19, 2023
(https://www.ncei.noaa.gov/access/monitoring/monthly-report/fire/202213). 

10 
 NIFC, Fire Information , last accessed Feb. 24, 2023
(https://www.nifc.gov/fire-information#current-levels). 

11 
 J. Carlson, Wildfire Season in U.S. West Ends with Fewer Blazes, Less Damage , Wall Street Journal, Nov.
17, 2022 (https://www.wsj.com/articles/wildfire-season-in-u-s-west-ends-with-fewer-blazes-less-damage-11668691872) WSJ Wildfire Season Article ). 
 6 

Table of Contents 

and long-term contracts with federal agencies during the firefighting season. Additionally, on the state level, we are generally seeing significant increases in several state governments and
private entities who are preparing themselves for the new fire reality. For example, in December 2022, the federal government announced the allocation of an additional 228.0 million in fiscal year 2023 to wildfire mitigation efforts, and in
2021, Washington State invested 328.0 million over the five following years to fight wildfires. 12 While this level of commitment is unique, it is reflective of the increased awareness across
many levels of government and private entities that wildfire risk has entered a new era of severity. Given our long-standing customer
relationships with governmental bodies, we have an opportunity to fulfill this increased demand for firefighting services driven by longer and more severe fire seasons. We view the increased demand as a means to further government agency ties and to
capitalize on new aircraft investments. Increased demand and limited supply of purpose-built suppression aircraft 
 According to the reports published by the National Interagency Coordination Center, demand for Type 3 multi-engine airtankers, which includes
the Super Scooper aircraft, increased by over 56 for the two-year period of 2021 and 2022 compared to the prior two-year period of 2019 and 2020. 13 The Wildland Fire Reports showed that the increase in demand led to a higher percentage of unfulfilled requests, and in 2022, 34.9 of Type 3 multi-engine airtankers requests were unfulfilled
compared to 8.9 in 2020. Super Scoopers are multi-engine airtankers built specifically for aerial firefighting. They are highly
effective at fighting fires and have historically been owned and operated by foreign governments throughout Europe (there are approximately 40 amphibious scooping aircraft owned by France, Greece, Italy and Spain) and as a result, used amphibious
scooping aircraft are difficult to locate and obtain in the United States. We are an original customer for LAS launch of their Super Scooper CL-415EAF (Enhanced Aerial Firefighter) Program. LAS has only
made a limited number of Super Scoopers available for sale between 2020 and 2025, and pursuant to our purchase agreement with LAS and Viking, dated April 13, 2018 (as amended and supplemented from time to time, the LAS Purchase
Agreement ), which has been amended numerous times to add additional planes and upgrades, we agreed to purchase six of the limited number of Super Scoopers. On February 17, 2023, we received our sixth Super Scooper, which will allow
greater deployment of the Bridger aircraft fleet across the U.S. LAS may terminate the LAS Purchase Agreement with respect to a purchased aircraft for which the closing has not occurred by providing at least thirty (30) days notice upon
occurrence of certain events of default by us and certain excusable delays. We have the right to terminate the LAS Purchase Agreement with respect to a purchased aircraft 

12 
 U.S. Department of the Interior, Deputy Secretary Beaudreau Announces 228 Million for Wildfire Mitigation
and Resilience from Bipartisan Infrastructure Law , Dec. 14, 2022 (https://www.doi.gov/pressreleases/deputy-secretary-beaudreau-announces-228-million-wildfire-mitigation-and-resilience 
 #:~:text=The 20 24228 20million 20announced 20today,of 20 24408 20million 20in 20funding.); L. Pulkkinen, Inside Washington s 328M push to prevent disastrous wildfires , CrossCut,
Apr. 16, 2021 (https://crosscut.com/politics/2021/04/inside-washingtons-328m-push-prevent-disastrous-wildfires); Washington State Legislature, HB1168 2021-22 , last accessed Oct. 26, 2022
(https://app.leg.wa.gov/billsummary?BillNumber=1168 Year=2021 Initiative=false). 

13 
 The NICC 2022 Annual Report; National Interagency Coordination Center, Wildland Fire Summary and Statistics
Annual Report 2021 , last accessed Feb. 28, 2023 (https://www.predictiveservices.nifc.gov/intelligence/2021_statssumm/annual_report_2021.pdf); National Interagency Coordination Center, Wildland Fire Summary and Statistics Annual Report
2020 , last accessed Feb. 28, 2023 (https://www.predictiveservices.nifc.gov/intelligence/2020_statssumm/annual_report_2020.pdf); National Interagency Coordination Center, Wildland Fire Summary and Statistics Annual Report 2019 , last
accessed Feb. 28, 2023 (https://www.predictiveservices.nifc.gov/intelligence/2019_statssumm/annual_report_2019.pdf) (the Wildland Fire Reports ). 
 7 

Table of Contents 

for which the closing has not occurred by providing at least thirty (30) days notice upon occurrence of certain events of default by LAS or certain delays in aircraft delivery. As we
are a long-standing customer of LAS, and as LAS develops their next generation of aerial firefighting solutions, our continuous feedback informs advancements in firefighting technology. 
 Given the limited supply of purpose-built multi-engine airtankers, upkeep and maintenance of existing aircraft is vital to minimize lapses in
firefighting services occurring during wildfire season and to reduce the impact of any disruptions that occur. The Super Scooper is the only aerial fire suppression aircraft with factory OEM support which aids in reducing downtime. 
 Our Competitive Strengths Full spectrum of aerial
firefighting services We provide full-spectrum aerial firefighting services, offering both fire suppression and aerial
surveillance services in the U.S. We emphasize continued investment in new aerial surveillance and aerial fire suppression aircraft, as well as innovation in the realm of unmanned platforms. Our aerial surveillance fleet has evolved since our
inception from a single aircraft and pilot to the fleet operated today. The diversity of our service offerings affords customers the opportunity to select the appropriate services for their specific needs. 
 Purpose-built aircraft that can drop higher volumes of water 
 Our Super Scooper aircraft are the latest model in the LAS production line and feature enhanced industry technology. Viking, a subsidiary of
LAS, purchased the type certificate and is the OEM for the design of all the CL-215 and CL-415 models from Bombardier Aerospace. LAS then made significant improvements
and introduced the Super Scooper, which includes the following improvements over the CL-415: 

Higher cruising speed; 

Improved air safety; 

Latest-generation technological reliability; 

New avionics and instrumentation; 

More accurate water discharge technology; 

Suitability for mountainous terrain; 

STOL on asphalt, gravel and water; 

Lower speed during water-bombing (low and slow flight); 

Improved operational efficiency; and 

Structural integrity. 
 The Super Scooper leverages modern turbine engines to deliver superior high-altitude performance. The Super Scooper is able to reload in under
a minute, compared to a reload time of approximately 30 minutes to one hour, depending on base capabilities, for other air tankers enabling the Super Scooper to make more drops in the same amount of time. The Super Scooper can drop approximately
50,000 gallons before requiring refueling, while the largest tanker in the market can only drop 30 thousand gallons of retardant before needing to refuel and reload retardant. The Super Scooper aircraft allow for rapid delivery of water strikes
to extinguish wildfires, particularly when deployed in tandem or larger groups to allow for continuous water-delivery as aircraft return to the water source. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Highly-skilled crew of pilots and maintenance personnel 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have 12 captains on staff as part of the Super Scooper flight crew. Each captain has thousands of hours of flight
time in the Super Scooper conducting firefighting operations. All flight crew have a minimum of four years of aerial firefighting experience. Recurrent training for all flight crew is required in a Level D full motion flight simulator. 
 Each of our pilots attends annual and recurrent training specific to the aircraft they operate and to meet our standards of safety and
standard operating procedures. Each pilot that flies an aircraft on contract for a government agency receives a certification card on an annual basis that validates they are qualified by the government to safely operate the aircraft while on
contract. As of December 31, 2022, we have 11 crew chiefs on staff as part of the Super Scooper maintenance crew. Each crew chief has
thousands of hours maintaining aircraft in the Viking family and are familiar with firefighting operations. Factory training is mandatory for all of the maintenance team specific to the aircraft and components they maintain. They are also required
to complete company-specific training courses regarding safety, standard operating procedures and systems in which they track and sign-off on maintenance logs. 
 Long-standing client relationships 
 We have provided aerial firefighting services for six years to government agencies, including the USFS, California Department of Forestry and
Fire Protection Cal Fire and multiple other state governments. The Company was awarded the first contract by the DOI to operate a fleet of UAS on-call over active wildfires throughout the U.S. We
have been praised as an industry leader, specifically by the USFS, with regards to the SMS program and have been recommended by the USFS as a model for safe aircraft operations. Currently, we maintain active contracts with multiple federal agencies
and the state governments of many high wildfire risk states, and we have a 100 renewal rate on our federal and state contracts. We bid upon and were awarded a USFS multi-year contract beginning with the 2021 fire season through the beginning of the
2025 fire season for the use of our Super Scooper planes. Our relationship with the USFS involves three material service agreements:
Contract No. 1202SA21T9009, dated as of June 3, 2021 Call-When-Needed Water Scooper Contract ), Contract No. 12024B19C9025, dated as of May 15, 2019 Exclusive Use Light Fixed Wing Contract ), and Contract No.
1202SA21G5100, dated as of February 22, 2021 Call-When-Needed Light Fixed Wing Contract ). Under the Call-When-Needed Water Scooper Contract, we provide Super Scooper aircraft services for wildland firefighting on a national basis for a
period of four years from June 3, 2021. We generate revenue under the Call-When-Needed Water Scooper Contract from task orders placed by the USFS. Under the terms of the Call-When-Needed Water Scooper Contract, the USFS reserves the right to
terminate the Call-When-Needed Water Scooper Contract, or any part thereof, for its sole convenience or in the event of any default by us. Under the Exclusive Use Light Fixed Wing Contract, we provide light fixed wing aircraft firefighting services
on an exclusive use basis for the Northern, Rocky Mountain, Southwestern, Intermountain and Pacific Southwest regions, as defined by the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The original term of the Exclusive Use Light Fixed Wing Contract was for 12-months from May 15, 2019; however, the contract included an option to extend the contract for four additional periods of one year each, and the USFS has exercised its annual option to extend the contract for
 12-month periods on each of March 18, 2020, April, 21, 2021 and April 18, 2022. We generate revenue under the Exclusive Use Light Fixed Wing Contract by providing guaranteed availability of our services for
120 calendar days per year, with different rates charged for standby hours and flight hours. Under the terms of the Exclusive Use Light Fixed Wing Contract, the USFS reserves the right to terminate the Exclusive Use Light Fixed Wing Contract, or any
part thereof, for its sole convenience or 
 9 

Table of Contents 

in the event of any default by us. Under the Call-When-Needed Light Fixed Wing Contract, we provide light fixed wing aircraft firefighting services, on a call-when-needed basis, for the air
tactical group supervision mission on behalf of the Northern Region, as defined by the USFS. The term of the Call-When-Needed Light Fixed Wing Contract is for a period of four years. We generate revenue under the Call-When-Needed Light Fixed Wing
Contract by providing our services when called upon by the USFS, if available at time of call, with different rates charged for standby hours and flight hours. Under the terms of the Call-When- Needed Light Fixed Wing Contract, the USFS reserves the
right to terminate the Call-When-Needed Light Fixed Wing Contract, or any part thereof, for its sole convenience or in the event of any default by us. 
 Our Growth Strategy Acquire and deploy additional
aircraft to meet increased demand We are an original customer for LAS s launch of its Super Scooper CL-415EAF Program. There are approximately 40 amphibious scooping aircraft owned by France, Greece, Italy and Spain and as a result, used amphibious scooping aircraft are difficult to locate and obtain. LAS has only
made a limited number available for sale between 2020 and 2025, and we agreed to purchase six of this limited number and are in discussion to potentially purchase two more. 
 Expanding our services Fire
Monitoring Technology : With roughly 70,000 wildfires occurring each year in the U.S. (according to the NIFC Suppression Costs Data), news feeds are saturated with reports of wildfires that have grown quickly and are out of control.
Current consolidated fire data is controlled by wildfire agencies with limited to no access publicly available. We launched our FireTRAC application FireTRAC in April 2022 to provide a resource to the general public in easy to use
mobile and web applications. FireTRAC notifies users of potential fire danger and provides maps and high- resolution photo overlays so users can learn where the fires are located and find safety. FireTRAC provides near real-time data directly to
citizens, landowners, insurance companies, utilities, municipal and county governments and potentially federal agencies. The app provides consolidated information, imagery and data regarding critical wildfire incidents in a seamless and
user-friendly interface. The app puts this critical information in one place, providing rapid updates and building a user community along the way. 
 Maintenance, Repair, Overhaul : We have an experienced and well-trained crew of maintenance professionals. Maintenance
personnel and their maintenance support staff are current on all general aviation standards and requirements and are specifically trained to service our fleet of aircraft. We ensure our maintenance team has all the necessary equipment needed to
exceed FAA maintenance standards and maintain USFS and DOI contract aircraft requirements. We are a FAA Certified Part 145 Repair Station offering Airframe and Avionics repair capabilities for the Aerial Firefighting Fleet. In April 2022, our Part
145 Certified Repair Station was awarded an ISO 9110, certification which is one of the highest standards in a repair organization recognized by the FAA. This certification was completed by the British Standards Institution, recognized as an
industry leader in quality management systems. Domestic and international expansion 
 We are committed to increasing our market share and service offering domestically. Given our competitive strengths, we believe we are
well-positioned to take advantage of the growth in domestic demand for fire safety and environmental awareness. We currently have contracts in place with the USFS, the DOI, Washington State Department of Natural Resources, Alaska Department of
Natural Resources, Cal Fire, Idaho Department of Lands, Minnesota Department of Natural Resources, Montana Department of Natural Resources and Conservation, Nevada Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, and Oregon Department of Forestry.
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

We intend to penetrate certain additional domestic markets through leveraging existing
relationships and building local market teams. We have established this historically by maintaining relationships in the field with customers, gathering near real-time feedback to improve operations, as well as holding regular feedback sessions to
incorporate points of improvement and planning for subsequent years. While our current expansion focus is on domestic markets, we believe
international expansion may provide additional growth opportunities for us in the future. We are exploring the possibility of operating internationally during the North American wildfire off-season, which
generally occurs between November and April. We seek to become a global entity that provides aerial firefighting services worldwide. Our goal is to bring the Super Scooper to Europe, Asia and/or South America as our first international expansions in
the future and to demonstrate the platform s effectiveness. Currently, Super Scoopers are either not utilized on wildland fires in these areas or are not operated in a contractor-owned, contractor-operated business model. We plan to fill an
underserved need to provide an alternative solution to aging and obsolete government-owned, government- operated fleets. Pursuing Opportunistic
M A We intend to continue to evaluate M A opportunities to expand our fleet, add new geographies or add additional
services. Consistent with this strategy, we regularly evaluate potential acquisition opportunities, including ones that would be significant to us. We cannot predict the timing of any contemplated transactions, and none are currently probable. 
 Seasonality Our operating results are
impacted by seasonality. Climate conditions and other factors that may influence our revenues may vary each quarter and year. Many of these factors are outside of our control, including but not limited to: 

forest fires tend to have a higher occurrence during the summer months and during times of drought, but are
ultimately unpredictable; 

climate change and changes in global temperatures occur over time; 

unexpected weather patterns, natural disasters or other events that increase or decrease the rate or intensity of
wildfires or impair our ability to perform firefighting services; and 

changes in governmental regulations or in the status of our regulatory approvals or applications.
 Historically, the demand for our services has been higher in the second and third quarters of each fiscal year due to
the timing and duration of the North American fire season. Consequently, revenues, expenses, and operating cash flows from our services are generated mostly in the second and third quarters of our fiscal year. However, the seasonal fluctuation in
the need to fight wildfires based upon location and the varying intensity of the fire season may lead our operating results to fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year. 
 Our Customers Our high-performing
aircraft, including the Super Scooper, and full-service support platform have allowed us to enter into contracts with U.S. federal, state and local governmental entities and focus on growth while building additional services to map and analyze fire
boundaries. Currently, we are engaged in short, medium and long-term contracts with multiple federal agencies such as the USFS and DOI and the state governments of many of the states most endangered by wildfires. Automatically renewing contracts
with governmental entities provide stable revenue streams, allowing us to innovate in the aerial firefighting industry and diversify offerings to customers. We were awarded the first contract by the DOI to operate a fleet of UAS on-call over active wildfires throughout the U.S. We bid upon and were awarded a contract with the USFS for use of our Super Scooper aircraft, beginning in 2021 into 2025. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

While a majority of our existing contracts are for a
 one-year base term, we enter into short, medium and long-term contracts with customers, primarily with the aforementioned government agencies during the firefighting season, to deploy aerial fire management
assets. Contracts are based on either a Call-When-Needed CWN or Exclusive Use EU basis. Rates established are generally more competitive based on the security of the revenue from the contract (i.e., an EU versus only on
an as-needed basis in CWN). We have a 100 renewal rate on our federal and state contracts. Facilities
 Our headquarters are located in Belgrade, Montana, and our aircraft fleet resides at the Bozeman Yellowstone International Airport. We
lease five existing lots at the airport on 20-year and 10-year ground leases. We own two hangars and plan to construct two additional hangars adjacent to our existing
hangars. Our Competitors Our
primary competition is a private aerial firefighting operator that currently manages 4 CL-415s, 3 Type II Dash 8-400AT and 7 Avro RJ85s, which are designed to drop
retardant. Additionally, from time-to-time we may compete with aerial firefighting companies that drop water from helicopters. However, our management does not view
helicopters as a direct threat to our operations because while many helicopters are only able to pursue two-hour missions due to fuel capacity, our Super Scooper aircraft have four-hour fuel capacity. 
 Our Super Scooper program is not designed to replace the use of aircraft that drop fire retardant on wildfires. Fire retardant is a substance
frequently deployed by large air tankers to slow down or stop the spread of fire and is frequently used to create a perimeter or border around a fire. While it is possible for a fire to burn through a fire line created by fire retardant, fire
retardant remains a valuable tool in the fight and management of wildfires, and when combined with the deployment of Super Scoopers dropping water, can be effective in managing, controlling and slowing the spread of wildfires. 
 We believe our ability to compete successfully as an aerial firefighting service will depend on a number of factors, which may change in the
future due to increased competition, including the price of our offerings, consumer confidence in the safety and efficacy of our offerings and consumer satisfaction for the solutions we offer. 
 Our Environmental Impact According to
the EPA Climate Change Indicators Article, multiple studies have found that climate change has already led to an increase in wildfire season length, wildfire frequency and burned area , climate change threatens to increase the
frequency, extent and severity of fires through increased temperatures and drought and wildfires release a significant amount of carbon emissions each year. 
 Amid raging wildfires, changing climate and year-round fire season, we use sustainable and environmentally friendly firefighting methods. By
sourcing water near the fire for our fire suppression services, we minimize harm to the local water system by keeping water in the local ecology and reducing flight time between scoops and drops. Our mission is to save lives, property, and habitats
through our world-class team, specialized aircraft, and innovative use of technology and data. Human Capital 
 Our employees are critical to our success. As of December 31, 2022, we had 166 employees. We have high selection standards, recruiting
individuals with specific technical skills and demonstrated ability to work independently in a wide variety of work environments. Prior to joining our company, 
 12 

Table of Contents 

many of our employees had prior experience working for a wide variety of reputed research, commercial and military aerospace and non-aerospace 
organizations. As a company founded by veterans, we seek to employ qualified veterans and draw upon the experiences of their shared military background including their strategic mindset, management skillset and high level of discipline. As of
December 31, 2022, approximately 1 out of 5 of our employees is a veteran of the U.S. military. To date, we have not experienced any work
stoppages, and we consider our relationship with our employees to be good. We routinely solicit feedback from our entire employee base and empower individuals by encouraging them to formulate solutions and process improvements no matter the level of
role. Accordingly, our voluntary turnover is very low, employee engagement is high, and we have not experienced any interruptions of operations due to labor disagreements. Our employees are not subject to collective bargaining agreements or
represented by labor union. Health and Safety 
 We are committed to the safety of our employees. We maintain environmental, health and safety policies that seek to promote the operation of
our business in a manner that is protective of the health and safety of the public and its employees, particularly in response to the global COVID-19 pandemic. Depending on the current circumstances of the
evolving COVID-19 pandemic, we have implemented actions to maintain the health of our employees including social distancing measures, the use of masks, restricting visitors and unnecessary travel and working
from home, where appropriate. Our operations offer several health and welfare programs to employees to promote fitness and wellness and
to encourage preventative healthcare. In addition, our employees are offered a confidential employee assistance program that provides professional counseling to employees and their family members. We have a holistic philosophy for our benefits
offerings, supporting physical health, mental health, financial health, community support and a wide variety of insurance plans to hedge against uncertain losses (e.g., accident, short term disability, paid leaves, and life insurance). 
 Employee Trainings To address the
inherently dangerous nature of the job, we adhere to achieving operational excellence and providing our employees with the means to further their development. All of our pilots are given extensive training during the winter months, regardless of
tenure or previous experience. The trainings include classroom/ online courses, simulators, and in-plane time. We strive to have high industry standards and employ several dedicated pilot and airframe-specific
trainers. Routinely, we fund enhanced workforce training in specific technical fields related to those employees desires. In one instance, we have had an employee who was hired as a facility cleaner. With further training and investment, the
employee became a ground vehicle support manager and is now an aircraft mechanic. We also hire entry level mechanics and train them to obtain their airframe and powerplant certification, which allows them to perform maintenance on any aircraft
unsupervised. In addition to technical training, we invest heavily in leadership and management training as well as some of the most
advanced safety training available in our industry. The State of Montana Job Grant program has been a tremendous help to us through our early years by providing state funded training to employees attending schooling to better their position as
employees within the State of Montana. Before hiring externally as needs are identified, a careful analysis is done of our current staff to determine if the aptitude and interest is already in our employee base. By prioritizing training and
promoting current employees, we enhance employee engagement and cut costs simultaneously. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

Employee Retention and Opportunity 
 We believe that attraction and retention of top talent from a variety of backgrounds is important and we employ policies and procedures to
recruit diverse talent as well as policies to ensure pay equality. We have an Equal Employment Opportunity Policy whereby we commit to providing equal employment opportunity, promotion, services, or activities which operates for all qualified
employees and applicants without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, parental status, citizenship status, religion, national origin, disability, veteran status, age, marital status, pregnancy, genetic
information or other legally protected status. We drive a culture that understands and respects differences. We rely heavily on recruiting internationally to work on our purpose-built aerial firefighting aircraft and identify the cultural benefits
that these individuals bring to our company. Governmental Regulation 
 Federal Aviation Administration The
regulations, policies and guidance issued by the FAA apply to the use and operation of our aircraft. Operators of aircraft are required to have proper licenses, permits and authorizations from the FAA and comply with the FAA s insurance
requirements for third-party liability and government property. While our aircraft are currently registered with the FAA, in the event of a change in ownership, the FAA license will be updated with current information. In that instance, once any
such new vehicle registration applications are filed, the applications will serve as registrations until the FAA issues the new vehicle registrations, which will allow operations to continue during that period. 
 Failure to comply with the FAA s aviation or space transportation regulations may result in civil penalties or private lawsuits, or the
suspension or revocation of licenses or permits, which would prevent operating our aircraft. In addition to the FAA, our industry is
regulated by multiple federal agencies who, in some cases, act as both customer and regulator. We are proud to have a stellar record of performance both in flight and on the ground with respect to all of our regulatory bodies. 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 Risk Factors Summary An investment in
our securities involves substantial risk. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in the section of this Annual Report entitled Risk Factors, alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may
have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition or results of operations. These risks include the following: 

Our operation of aircraft involves a degree of inherent risk, and we could suffer losses and adverse publicity
stemming from any accident, whether related to us or not, involving aircraft, helicopters, or commercial drones similar to the assets we use in our operations. 

Our business is inherently risky in that it is fighting wildfires which are powerful and unpredictable.

The unavailability of an aircraft due to loss, delayed delivery of new aircraft, mechanical failure, lack of
pilots or mechanical personnel, especially a Super Scooper, would result in lower operating revenues for us for a period of time that would likely be prolonged, particularly as we lack diversification with respect to our fire suppression aircraft.

Our inability to source and hire personnel with appropriate skills and experience would inhibit operations.
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

The development of superior alternative firefighting tactics, technology or other businesses or government
entities who provide the services we provide could reduce demand for our services. 

A cyber-based attack of our IT systems could disrupt our ability to deliver services to our customers and could
lead to increased overhead costs, decreased sales, and harm to our reputation. 

Any failure to offer high-quality aerial firefighting services may harm relationships with our customers and
could adversely affect our reputation, brand, business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

We are subject to risks associated with climate change, including the potential increased impacts of severe
weather events on our operations and infrastructure, and changes in weather patterns may result in lower demand for our services if such changes result in a reduced risk of wildfires. 

We are highly dependent on our senior management team and other highly skilled personnel with unique skills.

There is a seasonal fluctuation in the need to fight forest fires based upon location, a substantial majority of
our revenue currently concentrated in the Western United States. As a result, our operating results may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and from year to year. 

The aerial firefighting industry is expected to grow in the near future and is volatile, and if it does not
develop, if it develops slower than we expect, if it develops in a manner that does not require use of our services, if it encounters negative publicity or if our solution does not drive commercial or governmental engagement, the growth of our
business will be harmed. 

We depend significantly on government customers, which subjects us to risks including early termination, audits,
investigations, sanctions and penalties. We are also subject to regulations applicable to government contractors which increase our operating costs and if we fail to comply, could result in the termination of our contracts with government entities.

We may be unable to manage our future growth effectively, which could make it difficult to execute our business
strategy. 

We rely on a few large customers for a majority of our business, and the loss of any of these customers, or other
adverse developments with respect to these customers could materially reduce our net income and operating results. 

We rely on a limited number of suppliers for certain raw materials, supplied components and new CL-415EAF aircraft. We may not be able to obtain sufficient raw materials, supplied components or CL-415EAF aircraft to meet our maintenance or operating needs or obtain such
materials on favorable terms or at all, which could impede our ability to increase our revenue and net income. 

We currently rely and will continue to rely on third-party partners to provide and store the parts and components
required to service and maintain our aircraft, and to supply critical components and systems, which exposes us to a number of risks and uncertainties outside our control. 

We may require substantial additional funding to finance our operations and growth strategy, but adequate
additional financing may not be available when we need it, on acceptable terms, or at all, and may depend in part, on the market price of our Common Stock. 

Our systems, aircraft, technologies and services and related equipment may have shorter useful lives than we
anticipate. 

We have a substantial amount of debt and servicing future interests or principal payments may require us to
change our business strategy to accommodate the repayment of our debt. 

We have incurred significant losses since inception, and we may not be able to achieve, maintain or increase
profitability or positive cash flow. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert our management s attention and
affect our ability to attract and retain additional executive management and qualified board members. 

We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which we are in the
process of, and are focused on, remediating. 

The price of our Common Stock and Warrants are likely to be highly volatile. 

Our Common Stock is subject to restrictions on ownership by non-U.S. 
citizens, which could require divestiture by non-U.S. citizen stockholders and could have a negative impact on the transferability of our common stock, its liquidity and market value, and such restrictions may
deter a potential change of control transaction. 

We may issue additional shares of our Common Stock or other equity securities, which would dilute your ownership
interest in us and may depress the market price of our Common Stock. 

There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with Nasdaq s continued listing standards.

The holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock have rights, preferences and privileges that are not held by,
and are preferential to, the rights of holders of our Common Stock. 

A small number of our stockholders could significantly influence our business. 

Future sales, or the perception of future sales, of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock and
Warrants, by us or our stockholders in the public market may cause the price of our Common Stock and Warrants to decline. 

Warrants are exercisable for our Common Stock and if exercised will, increase the number of shares eligible for
future resale in the public market and result in dilution to our shareholders. 

The price of our Common Stock may remain below 11.50 until expiration of the Warrant exercise period, and the
Warrants may expire worthless and the terms of the Warrants may be amended in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 65 of (i) the then-outstanding Public Warrants and/or (ii) the then-outstanding Private Placement Warrants,
as applicable, approve of such amendment. 

We may redeem your unexpired Warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby
making your Warrants worthless. The following risk factors and other information included in this Annual Report
should be carefully considered. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem less significant may also affect our business
operations or financial results. If any of the following risks actually occur, our stock price, business, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected and the market price of our securities could decline, causing
our equityholders to lose all or a portion of their investment. For more information, see below for more detailed descriptions of each risk factor. Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this section to Bridger, the
 Company, we, us, our, and other similar terms refer to the business of Legacy Bridger and its subsidiaries prior to the Business Combination and Bridger Aerospace Group Holdings, Inc. and its
subsidiaries following the Business Combination. Aviation and Firefighting Risks 
 Our operation of aircraft involves a degree of inherent risk, and we could suffer losses and adverse publicity stemming from any accident, whether
related to us or not, involving aircraft, helicopters, or commercial drones similar to the assets we use in our operations. The
operation of aircraft is subject to various risks, and demand for firefighting services, may in the future be impacted by accidents or other safety issues regardless of whether such accidents or issues involve Bridger flights, our aircraft
operators, or aircraft flown by our aircraft operators. Air transportation hazards, such as adverse 
 16 

Table of Contents 

weather conditions and fire and mechanical failures, may result in death or injury to personnel and passengers which could impact client confidence in a particular aircraft type. Safety
statistics for air travel are reported by multiple parties, including the Department of Transportation (the DOT and National Transportation Safety Board, and are often separated into categories of transportation. Because our aerial
firefighting services include a variety of aircraft, our clients may have a hard time determining how safe aerial firefighting services are, and their confidence in aerial firefighting may be impacted by, among other things, the classification of
accidents in ways that reflect poorly on aerial firefighting services or the methods that aerial firefighting services utilize. As the
owners and operators of certain aircraft, including the CL-415EAFs, we believe that safety and reliability are two of the primary attributes that customers consider when selecting aerial firefighting services.
Our failure to maintain standards of safety and reliability that are satisfactory to our customers may adversely impact our ability to retain current customers and attract new customers. We are at risk of adverse publicity stemming from any public
incident involving our company, our people, or our brand. Such an incident could involve the actual or alleged behavior of any of our employees. 
 Increased accident history could bar us from certain contracts, thereby reducing demand for our services. Further, if our personnel or one of
the aircraft models that is used by us is involved in a public incident, accident, catastrophe, or regulatory enforcement action, we could be exposed to significant reputational harm and potential legal liability. The insurance we carry may be
inapplicable or inadequate to cover any such incident, accident, catastrophe, or action. In the event that our insurance is inapplicable or inadequate, we may be forced to bear substantial losses from an incident or accident. In addition, any such
incident, accident, catastrophe, or action involving our employees or one of the aircraft models used by us could create an adverse public perception, which could harm our reputation, resulting in existing or potential customers being reluctant to
use our services and adversely impacting our business, results of operations, and financial condition. If one or more of our operators were to suffer an accident or lose the ability to fly certain aircraft due to safety concerns or investigations,
we may be required to cancel or delay certain aerial firefighting services until replacement aircraft and personnel are obtained. Our
operations may also be negatively impacted by accidents or other safety-related events or investigations that occur in or near the airports and the hangars we utilize for our aerial firefighting services. For example, if an accident were to occur at
or near one of our hangars that rely on for certain flights, we may be unable to utilize that hangar until the accident has been cleared, any damages to the facilities have been repaired, and any insurance, regulatory, or other investigations have
been completed. Similarly, an adverse safety event by a third- party with respect to the CL-415EAF or any of the other planes in our fleet could result in temporary or permanent bans on certain aircraft models
by our current or future customers. Our business is inherently risky in that it is fighting wildfires which are powerful and unpredictable.
 The performance of our services necessitates that we interact with wildfires. Wildfires can be massively unpredictable, and while
we have implemented safety protocols and systems, these protocols and systems cannot eliminate the risk of accidents. Further, to effectively fight fires, flight operations often require low-level flights and
involve performing services in mountainous terrain, both of which increase the risks involved with our services. To protect against these dangers, we may be required to incur more expenses and/or implement time- consuming safety protocols and
systems, which could cause our expenses to be higher than anticipated. We may also be more likely to experience an adverse safety event. The
unavailability of an aircraft due to loss, delayed delivery of new aircraft, mechanical failure, lack of pilots or maintenance personnel, especially one of the Viking Air CL-415EAFs (a Super Scooper), would
result in lower operating revenues for us for a period of time that cannot be determined and would likely be prolonged. Aircraft
loss for any reason could impact our ability to provide services. Short- or long-term unavailability of an aircraft may also result from an aging fleet or parts obsolescence. Replacement aircraft or replacement parts may not be available or only
available with significant delays. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Our revenues are disproportionately derived from the services of our six Super Scoopers. The
unavailability of one or more of our Super Scoopers could result in a significant reduction in our revenues and adversely affect our results of operations. For example, in 2022, we experienced a delay with the delivery of our fifth and sixth Super
Scooper aircraft and two Unmanned Aerial Systems UAS drones. We originally expected that the fifth Super Scooper, sixth Super Scooper, and the two UAS drones would be delivered in May 2022, July 2022 and May 2022, respectively, but
ultimately, the delivery and subsequent preparation for deployment of the fifth Super Scooper was delayed until September 2022, the two UAS drones were delivered in October 2022 and the sixth Super Scooper was not delivered until February 2023. As a
result of such delays, our results of operations for the 2022 wildfire season were materially affected. Additionally, only pilots with significant flight hours can operate Super Scoopers, and there is a limited number of available pilots due to the
demanding levels of training. There is a limited number of Super Scoopers in operation globally. Certain replacement parts may be unavailable or difficult to obtain, and we may be unable to hire sufficient mechanics trained to service Super
Scoopers. Our pilots and mechanics are required by contract to meet a minimum standard of operational experience. Finding and employing individuals
with the necessary level of experience and certification has required us to hire U.S. and Canadian personnel. Inability to source and hire personnel with appropriate skills and experience would inhibit operations. 
 Our business s success depends on our continued ability to attract, retain, and motivate highly qualified personnel with experience in
the aviation space, including pilots and mechanics. However, competition for qualified personnel is intense. Our business may not be successful in attracting qualified personnel to fulfill our current or future needs. In the event that we are unable
to fill critical open employment positions, we may need to delay our operational activities and goals, including the development and expansion of our business, and may have difficulty in meeting our obligations as a public company. 
 In addition, competitors and others may attempt to recruit our employees. The loss of the services of any of our key personnel, the inability
to attract or retain highly qualified personnel in the future or delays in hiring such personnel, particularly senior management, pilots, and other technical personnel, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations. In addition, the replacement of key personnel likely would involve significant time and costs and may significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives. 
 The development of superior alternative firefighting tactics or technology that do not rely on our existing and planned capital assets could reduce
demand for our services and result in a material reduction in our revenue and results of operations. Our aircraft have been
modified to deploy our technology and support our existing firefighting tactics to fight wildfires. In particular, the Super Scooper is specially designed to fight forest fires with water and to refill from open bodies of water. If new technology or
firefighting tactics are created or discovered that provide more powerful, more economic, faster, safer, more environmentally friendly or services that are otherwise superior in certain aspects to our current services, then we may see reduced demand
for our services or be required to incur additional costs to adapt our fleet to such technologies or firefighting tactics. Additionally, current and potential government customers may push towards contracting services from customers with modernized
fleets. All of these changes could narrow the scope of future contracts to exclude our existing assets, which could reduce demand for our services, our revenues, and earnings. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

Operations Risks 
 We rely on our IT systems to manage numerous aspects of our business. A cyber-based attack of these systems could disrupt our ability to deliver services
to our customers and could lead to increased overhead costs, decreased sales, and harm to our reputation. We rely on IT networks
and systems to operate and manage our business, including FireTRAC, which combines proprietary data and technology to deliver certain insights on fire risks. Our IT networks and systems process, transmit and store personal and financial information,
and proprietary information of our business. The technology also allows us to coordinate our business across our operation bases and communicate with our employees and externally with customers, suppliers, partners, and other third parties. While we
believe we take reasonable steps to secure these IT networks and systems, and the data processed, transmitted, and stored thereon, such networks, systems, and data may be susceptible to cyberattacks, viruses, malware, or other unauthorized access or
damage (including by environmental, malicious, or negligent acts), which could result in unauthorized access to, or the release and public exposure of, our proprietary information or our users personal information. In addition, cyberattacks,
viruses, malware, or other damage or unauthorized access to our IT networks and systems could result in damage, disruptions, or shutdowns to our platform. Any of the foregoing could cause substantial harm to our business, require us to make
notifications to our customers, governmental authorities, or the media, and could result in litigation, investigations or inquiries by government authorities, or subject us to penalties, fines, and other losses relating to the investigation and
remediation of such an attack or other unauthorized access or damage to our IT systems and networks. Our service, data and systems may be critical
to operations or involve the storage, processing and transmission of sensitive data, including valuable intellectual property, other proprietary or confidential data, regulated data, and personal information of employees, and others. Successful
breaches, employee malfeasance, or human or technological error could result in, for example, unauthorized access to, disclosure, modification, misuse, loss, or destruction of our or other third-party data or systems; theft of sensitive, regulated,
or confidential data including personal information and intellectual property; the loss of access to critical data or systems; service or system disruptions or denials of service. 
 Our ability to attract and retain customers, to efficiently operate our business, and to compete effectively depends in part upon the
sophistication, security, and reliability of our technology network, including our ability to provide features of service that are important to our customers, to protect our confidential business information and the information provided by our
customers, and to maintain customer confidence in our ability to protect our systems and to provide services consistent with their expectations. As a result, we are subject to risks imposed by data breaches and operational disruptions, including
through cyberattack or cyber-intrusion, by computer hackers, foreign governments, cyber terrorists and activists, cyber criminals, malicious employees or other insiders of the Company or third-party service providers, and other groups and
individuals. Data breaches of companies and governments continue to increase as the number, intensity, and sophistication of attempted
attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased and we, our customers, and third parties increasingly store and transmit data by means of connected IT systems. Additionally, risks such as code anomalies, Acts of God , data
leakage, cyber-fraud, and human error pose a direct threat to our services, systems, and data and could result in unauthorized or block legitimate access to sensitive or confidential data regarding our operations, customers, employees, and
suppliers, including personal information. We also depend on and interact with the technology and systems of third parties, including our
customers and third-party service providers such as cloud service providers. Such third parties may host, process, or have access to information we maintain about our company, customers, employees, and vendors or operate systems that are critical to
our business operations and services. Like us, these third parties are subject to risks imposed by data breaches, cyberattacks, and other events or actions that could damage, disrupt, or close down their networks or systems. We have security
processes, protocols, and standards in place, including contractual provisions requiring such security measures, that are applicable to such third parties and are designed to protect information that is held by them, or to which they have access, as
a result of their engagements with us. Nevertheless, a cyberattack could defeat one or more of such third parties security measures, allowing an attacker to obtain information about our company, customers, employees, and vendors or disrupt our
operations. These third parties may also experience operational disruptions or human error that could result in unauthorized access to sensitive or confidential data regarding our operations, customers, employees, and suppliers, including personal
information. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

A disruption to our complex, global technology infrastructure, including those impacting our
computer systems and website, could result in the loss of confidential business or customer information, require substantial repairs or replacements, resulting in significant costs, and lead to the temporary or permanent transfer by customers of
some or all of their business to our competitors. The foregoing could harm our reputation and adversely impact our operations, customer service, and results of operations. Additionally, a security breach could require us to devote significant
management resources to address the problems created. A significant data breach or any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with any federal, state, or foreign privacy laws, regulations, or other principles or orders to which we may be
subject could adversely affect our reputation, brand, and business, and may result in claims, investigations, proceedings, or actions against us by governmental entities, litigation, including class action litigation, from our customers, fines,
penalties, or other liabilities, or require us to change our operations or cease using certain data sets. Depending on the nature of the information compromised, we may also have obligations to notify users, law enforcement, government authorities,
payment companies, consumer reporting agencies, or the media about the incident and may be required to expend additional resources in connection with investigating and remediating such an incident, and otherwise complying with applicable privacy and
data security laws. These types of adverse impacts could also occur in the event the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of
company and customer information was compromised due to a data loss by us or a trusted third party. We or the third parties with which we share information may not discover any security breach and loss of information for a significant period of time
after the security breach occurs. We have invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives, information-technology risk
management, business continuity, and disaster recovery plans, including investments to retire and replace end-of-life systems. The development and maintenance of these
measures is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become increasingly more frequent, intense, and sophisticated. Despite our efforts, we are not fully insulated from data
breaches, technology disruptions, data loss, and cyber-fraud, which could adversely impact our competitiveness and results of operations. 
 While we have significant security processes and initiatives in place, we may be unable to detect or prevent a breach or disruption in the
future. Additionally, while we have insurance coverage designed to address certain aspects of cyber risks in place, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise. 
 Failure to comply with federal, state and foreign laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection and consumer protection, or the expansion of
current laws and regulations or the enactment of new laws or regulations in these areas, could adversely affect our business and our financial condition. 
 We are subject to a wide variety of laws in the United States and other jurisdictions related to privacy, data protection, and consumer
protection that are often complex and subject to varying interpretations. As a result, these privacy, data protection, and consumer protection laws may change or develop over time through judicial decisions or as new guidance or interpretations are
provided by regulatory and governing bodies and such changes or developments may be contrary to our existing practices. This may cause us to expend resources on updating, changing, or eliminating some of our privacy and data protection practices.
 Our reputation and ability to do business may be impacted by the improper conduct of our employees, agents or business partners. 
 We have implemented compliance controls, training, policies and procedures designed to prevent and detect reckless or criminal acts from being
committed by our employees, agents or business partners that would violate the laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate, including laws governing payments to government officials, such as the U.S. Foreign
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Corrupt Practices Act, the protection of export controlled or classified information, such as ITAR, false claims, procurement integrity, cost accounting and billing, competition, information
security and data privacy and the terms of our contracts. This risk of improper conduct may increase as we continue to grow and expand our operations. We cannot ensure, however, that our controls, training, policies and procedures will prevent or
detect all such reckless or criminal acts, and we have been adversely impacted by such acts in the past, which have been immaterial in nature. If not prevented, such reckless or criminal acts could subject us to civil or criminal investigations,
monetary and non-monetary penalties and suspension and debarment by the U.S. government and could have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct business, our results of operations and our
reputation. In addition, misconduct involving data security lapses resulting in the compromise of personal information or the improper use of our customer s sensitive or classified information could result in remediation costs, regulatory
sanctions against us and serious harm to our reputation and could adversely impact our ability to continue to contract with the U.S. government. 
 Any failure to offer high-quality aerial firefighting services to customers may harm our relationships with our customers and could adversely affect our
reputation, brand, business, financial condition, and results of operations. We strive to create high levels of customer
satisfaction and brand trust through our services and the support provided by our employees. Our customers depend on our team to resolve any issues relating to our services, which are often emergencies, in an efficient and accurate manner. Our
ability to provide effective and timely services is largely dependent on numerous factors, including our ability to maintain our existing fleet and our ability to attract and retain skilled employees who can support our customers and are
sufficiently knowledgeable about our services. As we continue to grow our business and improve our platform, we will face challenges related to providing quality support at scale. Any failure to provide efficient and timely services, or a market
perception that we do not maintain high-quality or dependable services, could adversely affect our reputation, brand, business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Natural disasters, unusual weather conditions, pandemic or epidemic outbreaks, terrorist acts and political events could disrupt our business.
 The occurrence of one or more natural disasters such as fires, tornados, hurricanes, floods and earthquakes, unusual weather
conditions, epidemic or pandemic outbreaks, terrorist attacks or disruptive political events where our facilities or the hangars where our aircraft fleets are located, could damage our fleet or other property and adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. Severe weather, such as rainfall, snowfall or extreme temperatures, may impact the ability for our aerial firefighting services to occur as planned, resulting in additional expense to reschedule or
cancel altogether, thereby reducing our sales and profitability. Terrorist attacks, actual or threatened acts of war or the escalation of current hostilities, or any other military or trade disruptions impacting our domestic or foreign suppliers of
components of our aircraft, may impact our operations by, among other things, causing supply chain disruptions and increases in commodity prices, which could adversely affect our raw materials or transportation costs. To the extent these events also
impact one or more of our suppliers or result in the closure of any of their facilities or our facilities, we may be unable to fulfill our other contracts. 
 We are subject to risks associated with climate change, including the potential increased impacts of severe weather events on our operations and
infrastructure, and changes in weather patterns may result in lower demand for our services if such changes result in a reduced risk of wildfires. 
 All climate change-related regulatory activity and developments may adversely affect our business and financial results by requiring us to
reduce our emissions, make capital investments to modernize certain aspects of our operations, purchase carbon offsets, or otherwise pay for our emissions. Such activity may also impact us indirectly by increasing our operating costs. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

The potential physical effects of climate change, such as increased frequency and severity
of storms, floods, fires, fog, mist, freezing conditions, sea-level rise, and other climate-related events, could affect our operations, infrastructure, and financial results. We could incur significant costs
to improve the climate resiliency of our infrastructure and otherwise prepare for, respond to, and mitigate such physical effects of climate change. We are not able to accurately predict the materiality of any potential losses or costs associated
with the physical effects of climate change. We believe that rising global temperatures have been, and in the future are expected to be, one factor contributing to increasing rates and severity of wildfires. Climate change and global temperatures
are impacted my many variables, however, and cannot be predicted with certainty. If global temperatures were to decrease, then the rate and severity of wildfires may decrease as well, resulting in lower demand for our services. 
 Our business is dependent on the availability of aircraft fuel. Continued periods of significant disruption in the supply or cost of aircraft fuel could
have a significant negative impact on consumer demand, our operating results, and liquidity. We are currently able to obtain
adequate supplies of aircraft fuel but we cannot predict the future availability. Natural disasters (including hurricanes or similar events in the U.S. Southeast and on the Gulf Coast, where we have performed our aerial firefighting services),
political disruptions or military conflicts involving oil-producing countries, economic sanctions imposed against oil-producing countries or specific industry
participants, changes in fuel-related governmental policy, the strength of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies, changes in the cost to transport or store petroleum products, changes in access to petroleum product pipelines and terminals,
speculation in the energy futures markets, changes in aircraft fuel production capacity, environmental concerns and other unpredictable events may result in fuel supply shortages or distribution challenges in the future. Any of these factors or
events could cause a disruption in or increased demands on oil production, refinery operations, pipeline capacity, or terminal access and possibly result in diminished availability of aircraft fuel supply for our business. The impact of such events
may limit our ability to perform our aerial firefighting services, which could result in loss of revenue and adversely affect our ability to provide our services. 
 System failures, defects, errors, or vulnerabilities in our website, applications, backend systems, or other technology systems or those of third-party
technology providers could harm our reputation and brand and adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our systems, or those of third parties upon which we rely, may experience service interruptions, outages, or degradation because of hardware
and software defects or malfunctions, human error, or malfeasance by third parties or our employees, contractors, or service providers, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, natural disasters, power losses, disruptions in telecommunications
services, fraud, military or political conflicts, terrorist attacks, cyberattacks, or other events. Our insurance may not be sufficient, and we may not have sufficient remedies available to us from our third-party service providers, to cover all of
our losses that may result from such interruptions, outages, or degradation. If we fail to adequately protect our proprietary intellectual property
rights, our competitive position could be impaired and we may lose market share, generate reduced revenue, and/or incur costly litigation to protect our rights. 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to protect our proprietary intellectual property rights, including certain technologies we
utilize in arranging air firefighting services. To date, we have relied primarily on trade secrets and trademarks to protect our proprietary technology. Our software is also subject to certain protection under copyright law, though we have chosen
not to register any of our copyrights. We routinely enter into non-disclosure agreements with our employees, consultants, third party aircraft operators, and other relevant persons and
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

take other measures to protect our intellectual property rights, such as limiting access to our trade secrets and other confidential information. We intend to continue to rely on these and other
means, including patent protection, in the future. However, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property may be inadequate, and unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our intellectual property or obtain and use information
that we regard as proprietary and, if successful, may potentially cause us to lose market share, harm our ability to compete, and result in reduced revenue. Moreover, our non-disclosure agreements do not
prevent our competitors from independently developing technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our products, and there can be no assurance that our competitors or third parties will comply with the terms of these agreements, or
that we will be able to successfully enforce such agreements or obtain sufficient remedies if they are breached. There can be no assurance that the intellectual property rights we own or license will provide competitive advantages or will not be
challenged or circumvented by our competitors. Further, obtaining and maintaining patent, copyright, and trademark protection can be
costly, and we may choose not to, or may fail to, pursue or maintain such forms of protection for our technology in the United States or foreign jurisdictions, which could harm our ability to maintain our competitive advantage in such jurisdictions.
It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our technology before it is too late to obtain patent protection, that we will be unable to devote the resources to file and prosecute all patent applications for such
technology, or that we will inadvertently lose protection for failing to comply with all procedural, documentary, payment, and similar obligations during the patent prosecution process. The laws of some countries do not protect proprietary rights to
the same extent as the laws of the United States, and mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights in some foreign countries may be inadequate to prevent other parties from infringing our proprietary technology. To the extent we expand
our international activities, our exposure to unauthorized use of our technologies and proprietary information may increase. We may also fail to detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property or be required to expend significant resources to
monitor and protect our intellectual property rights, including engaging in litigation, which may be costly, time-consuming, and divert the attention of management and resources, and may not ultimately be successful. If we fail to meaningfully
establish, maintain, protect, and enforce our intellectual property rights, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We use open-source software in connection with our platform, which may pose risks to our intellectual property. 
 We use open source software in connection with our technology products and plan to continue using open- source software in the future. Some
licenses governing the use of open-source software contain requirements that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon the open-source software. If we combine or link our proprietary source code with
open-source software in certain ways, we may be required, under the terms of the applicable open-source licenses, to make our proprietary source code available to third parties. Although we monitor our use of open-source software, we cannot provide
assurance that all open-source software is reviewed prior to use in our platform, that our developers have not incorporated open-source software into our platform that we are unaware of, or that they will not do so in the future. Additionally, the
terms of open-source licenses have not been extensively interpreted by United States or international courts, and so there is a risk that open-source software licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or
restrictions on us or our proprietary software. If an author or other third party that distributes such open-source software were to allege that we had not complied with the conditions of an open-source license, we could incur significant legal
costs defending ourselves against such allegations or remediating any alleged non-compliance with open-source licenses. Any such remediation efforts could require significant additional resources, and we may
not be able to successfully complete any such remediation. Further, in addition to risks related to license requirements, use of certain open-source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open-source
licensors generally do not provide warranties, and the open-source software may contain security vulnerabilities. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Our insurance may become too difficult or expensive for us to obtain or maintain. Increases in
insurance costs or reductions in insurance coverage may materially and adversely impact our results of operations and financial position. 
 As the owners and operators of certain aircraft, we maintain general liability aviation premise insurance,
 non-owned aircraft liability coverage, and directors and officers insurance, and we believe our level of coverage is customary in the industry and adequate to protect against claims. However, there can be no
assurance that it will be sufficient to cover potential claims or that present levels of coverage will be available in the future at reasonable cost. Additionally, replacement aircraft, especially new Super Scoopers, may not be readily available for
purchase, potentially resulting in lost revenue for extended periods of time. Further, we expect our insurance costs to increase as we anticipate adding aircraft, expanding our services, and entering into new markets. 
 We are highly dependent on our senior management team and other highly skilled personnel with unique skills. We will need to be able to continue to grow
our workforce with highly skilled workers in the future. If we are not successful in attracting or retaining highly qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy. 
 Our success depends, in significant part, on the continued services of our senior management team and on our ability to attract, motivate,
develop, and retain a sufficient number of other highly skilled personnel, including finance, marketing, sales, and technology and support personnel. We believe that the breadth and depth of our senior management team s experience across
multiple industries will be instrumental to our success. The loss of any one or more members of our senior management team, for any reason, including resignation or retirement, could impair our ability to execute our business strategy and have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Additionally, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected if we are unable to attract and retain skilled employees to support
our operations and growth. Our business may be adversely affected by labor and union activities. 
 None of our employees are currently represented by a labor union. However, it is common throughout the aerospace industry generally for many
employees at aerospace companies to belong to a union, which can result in higher employee costs and increased risk of work stoppages. We may also directly and indirectly depend upon other companies with unionized work forces, such as parts
suppliers and trucking and freight companies, and work stoppages or strikes organized by such unions could harm our business, financial condition or operating results. 
 Past performance by our management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 
 Our management team has successfully grown and exited prior business ventures, including Ascent Vision Technologies by our founders,
Mr. Matthew Sheehy and Mr. Timothy Sheehy. Any past experience or performance of our management team and their respective affiliates is not a guarantee of success with respect to Bridger. 
 We have entered into ground leases with terms of twenty (20) years and ten (10) years with the Gallatin Airport Authority (the Airport
Authority for each of our hangars. If the Airport Authority declines to renew any of our ground leases, our operations and results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted. 
 Our current hangars are, and the additional hangars we plan to add in the near-term will be, located on certain land owned by the Airport
Authority and leased to our subsidiaries. The initial term of each Ground Lease is either twenty (20) years or ten (10) years from its respective commencement date. These hangars are critical to our ability to provide maintenance on our
aircraft. If the Airport Authority terminates our leases, or refuses to renew them when expired, we may incur significant costs to locate suitable alternative hangar locations and may incur increased costs to modify any replacement hangars for our
business, and the process may require significant management attention. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, we currently have two hangars under contract with a general contractor based
in Bozeman, Montana. Construction of the hangars is subject to the risks of cost overruns and delays due to a variety of factors including, among other things, site difficulties, labor strife, delays in and shortages of materials, weather
conditions, fire and casualty. Any delay in completion of the hangars could materially adversely affect the timing of the commencement of operations at the hangars, which could affect receipt of future revenues. 
 Our lack of diversification with respect to the aircraft we use may subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments that
disproportionately impact our aviation assets as compared to other fire suppression aircraft or alternative fire suppression services, which could adversely affect our ability to market and sell our services and our reputation. 
 Our fleet is comprised mainly of CL-415EAF aircraft, which is currently limited in supply (see the
section of this Annual Report entitled Risk Factors There is a limited supply of new CL-415EAF aircraft to purchase, and an inability to purchase additional
 CL-415EAF aircraft could impede our ability to increase our revenue and net income. ). Furthermore, regulations or restrictions that cause us to ground the fleet after a safety or maintenance event,
whether or not in connection with us or our services, have the potential to significantly affect our ability to carry out our operations and generate revenue. A similar incident could also damage our reputation or the perception of safety or
efficacy of the CL-415EAF in fighting wildfires, which could negatively impact our business and results of operations. 
 Any delays in the development, design and engineering of our products and services may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of
operations. We have previously experienced, and may experience in the future, delays or other complications in the design,
production, delivery and servicing ramp of our systems, products, technologies, services, and related technology, including on account of the global COVID-19 health crisis. If delays like this arise or recur,
if our remediation measures and process changes do not continue to be successful or if we experience issues with design and safety, we could experience issues or delays in increasing production further. 
 If we encounter difficulties in scaling our delivery or servicing capabilities, if we fail to develop and successfully commercialize our
products and services, if we fail to develop such technologies before our competitors, or if such technologies fail to perform as expected, are inferior to those of our competitors or are perceived to offer less mission assurance than those of our
competitors, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Seasonality Risks 
 There is a seasonal fluctuation in the need to fight forest fires based upon location. A significant portion of our total revenue currently occurs during
the second and third quarters of the year due to the North American fire season, and the intensity of the fire season varies from year to year. As a result, our operating results may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and from year to
year. Our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate significantly, which makes our future operating results difficult
to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below expectations or any guidance we may provide. These fluctuations may occur due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including but not limited to: forest
fires tend to have a higher occurrence during the summer months and during times of drought, but are ultimately unpredictable; climate change and changes in global temperatures occur of time; unexpected weather patterns, natural disasters or other
events that increase or decrease the rate or intensity of wildfires or impair our ability to perform firefighting services; changes in governmental regulations or in the status of our regulatory approvals or applications. The individual or
cumulative effects of factors discussed above could result in large fluctuations and unpredictability in our quarterly and annual operating results. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful or be a good indication of our current or future performance. For example, due to the condensed and less intense 2022 wildfire season, we experienced a decrease in
demand for our wildfire surveillance, relief and suppression and aerial firefighting services and had less flight hours and standby days than prior years, which negatively impacted our results of operations for the 2022 wildfire season. 
 This variability and unpredictability could also result in our failing to meet the expectations of industry or financial analysts or investors
for any period. If our revenue or operating results fall below the expectations of analysts or investors or below any guidance we may provide, or if any guidance we provide is below the expectations of analysts or investors, the price of our common
stock could decline substantially. Such a stock price decline could occur even when we have met any previously publicly stated guidance we may provide. Furthermore, if we are unable to obtain access to working capital or if seasonal fluctuations are
greater than anticipated, there could be a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Extreme
weather, drought and shifting climate patterns have intensified the challenges associated with many of the risks facing us, particularly wildfire management. 
 Extreme weather, drought and shifting climate patterns have intensified the challenges associated with many of the other risks facing our
business, particularly wildfire management. Our service territory encompasses some of the most densely forested areas in the United States and, as a consequence, is subject to risks from vegetation- related ignition events. Further, environmental
extremes, such as drought conditions and extreme heat followed by periods of wet weather, can drive additional vegetation growth (which can then fuel fires) and influence both the likelihood and severity of extraordinary wildfire events. In
particular, the risk posed by wildfires, including during the 2021 wildfire season, increased in the United States as a result of an ongoing extended period of drought, bark beetle infestations in forests and wildfire fuel increases due to rising
temperatures and record rainfall following the drought, and strong wind events, among other environmental factors. Contributing factors other than environmental can include local land use policies and historical forestry management practices. The
combined effects of extreme weather and climate change also impact this risk. Further, we have been studying the potential effects of
climate change (increased severity and frequency of storm events, sea level rise, land subsidence, change in temperature extremes, changes in precipitation patterns and drought, and wildfire) on Bridger s assets, operations, and services, and
we are developing adaptation plans to set forth a strategy for those events and conditions that we believe are most significant. Consequences of these climate-driven events may vary widely and could include increased stress on our services due to
new patterns of demand, physical damage to our fleet and infrastructure, higher operational costs, and an increase in the number requests for our services. In addition, we could incur substantial costs to repair or replace aircraft and facilities.
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Events or conditions caused by climate change could have a greater impact on our operations
than our studies suggest and could result in a fluctuation in revenues and expenses. Conversely, the impact could be less than we anticipate, which we expect would result in reduce demand for our aerial firefighting services. 
 The substantial majority of our revenue currently is concentrated in the Western United States. 
 Currently, the substantial majority of our revenue is generated in the states of the United States located west of the Mississippi River, and
if the weather patterns result in fewer wildfires in this region, demand for flight hour services would decrease and potentially result in a material decrease in revenue or net income. 
 Sales and Customer Risks The aerial firefighting
industry is expected to grow in the near future and is volatile, and if it does not develop, if it develops slower than we expect, if it develops in a manner that does not require use of our services, if it encounters negative publicity or if our
solution does not drive commercial or governmental engagement, the growth of our business will be harmed. The market for aerial
firefighting is still rapidly evolving, characterized by rapidly changing technologies, competitive pricing and competitive factors, evolving government regulation and industry standards, and changing customer demands and behaviors. If the market
for our services in general does not develop as expected, or develops more slowly than expected, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. 
 In the future, there may be other businesses who attempt to provide the services that we provide, or our main private competitors could attempt to
increase operations. In the future, federal, state, and local governments and foreign governments may also decide to directly provide such services. 
 The industry in which we operate may become increasingly competitive as a result of the expansion of the demand for aerial firefighting
operations or the entrance of federal, state, and local governments and foreign governments into the aerial firefighting space. We compete against a number of private operators with different business models, and new entrants may begin offering
aerial firefighting services. Factors that affect competition in our industry include price, reliability, safety, regulations, professional reputation, aircraft availability, equipment and quality, consistency and ease of service, and willingness
and ability to serve specific regions. There can be no assurance that our competitors will not be successful in capturing a share of our present or potential customer base. Certain governments may decide a government owned, government operated model
is preferable, from a cost perspective or otherwise, to perform aerial firefighting services directly or to own their own aircraft and contract with independent operators. The materialization of any of these risks could adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations. If we experience harm to our reputation and brand, our business, financial condition and
results of operations could be adversely affected. Continuing to increase the strength of our reputation and brand for reliable,
experience-driven, and cost- effective aerial firefighting services is critical to our ability to attract and retain qualified aircraft operators. In addition, our growth strategy may include international expansion through joint ventures, minority
investments, or other partnerships with local companies, as well as event activations and cross-marketing with other established brands, all of which benefit from our reputation and brand recognition. If we fail to protect our reputation and brand
recognition, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

We have government customers, which subjects us to risks including early termination, audits,
investigations, sanctions and penalties. We are also subject to regulations applicable to government contractors which increase our operating costs and if we fail to comply, could result in the termination of our contracts with government entities.
 We derive a substantial portion of our revenue from contracts with the U.S. government (accounting for approximately 96 of our
total revenue in the year ended December 31, 2022) and may enter into additional contracts with the U.S. or foreign governments in the future. This subjects us to statutes and regulations applicable to companies doing business with the government,
including the FAA. These government contracts customarily contain provisions that give the government substantial rights and remedies, many of which are not typically found in commercial contracts and which are unfavorable to contractors. For
instance, most U.S. government agencies include provisions that allow the government to unilaterally terminate or modify contracts for convenience, and in that event, the counterparty to the contract may generally recover only its incurred or
committed costs and settlement expenses and profit on work completed prior to the termination. In addition, as a small business, we have been awarded certain government contracts based on our status under the applicable regulations of the Small
Business Association. If we continue to expand and are unable to maintain this small business status, we may no longer be eligible to utilize the small business status to grow our business. If the government terminates a contract for default, the
defaulting party may be liable for any extra costs incurred by the government in procuring undelivered items from another source. All of
our federal and state government contracts (accounting for approximately 99.1 of our total revenue in the year ended December 31, 2022) are subject to the annual approval of appropriations being made by the applicable state or federal legislative
bodies to fund the expenditures under these contracts. In addition, government contracts normally contain additional requirements that may increase our costs of doing business, reduce our profits, and expose us to liability for failure to comply
with these terms and conditions. These requirements include, for example: 

specialized disclosure and accounting requirements unique to government contracts; 

financial and compliance audits that may result in potential liability for price adjustments, recoupment of
government funds after such funds have been spent, civil and criminal penalties, or administrative sanctions such as suspension or debarment from doing business with the U.S. government; 

public disclosures of certain contract and company information; and 

mandatory socioeconomic compliance requirements, including labor requirements,
 non-discrimination and affirmative action programs and environmental compliance requirements. 
 Government contracts are also generally subject to greater scrutiny by the government, which can initiate reviews, audits and investigations
regarding our compliance with government contract requirements. In addition, if we fail to comply with government contracting laws, regulations and contract requirements, our contracts may be subject to termination, and we may be subject to
financial and/or other liability under our contracts, the Federal Civil False Claims Act (including treble damages and other penalties), or criminal law. In particular, the False Claims Act s whistleblower provisions also allow
private individuals, including present and former employees, to sue on behalf of the U.S. government. Any penalties, damages, fines, suspension, or damages could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. 
 The U.S. government s budget deficit and the national debt, as well as any inability of the U.S. government to complete its budget process for any
government fiscal year and consequently having to shut down or operate on funding levels equivalent to its prior fiscal year pursuant to a continuing resolution, could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows. Considerable uncertainty exists regarding how future budget and program decisions will unfold,
including the aerial firefighting spending priorities of the U.S. government, what challenges budget reductions will present for the aerial firefighting industry and whether annual appropriations bills for all agencies will be enacted for U.S.
government fiscal year 2024 and thereafter due to many factors, including but not limited to, changes in the 
 28 

Table of Contents 

political environment, including before or after a change to the leadership within the government administration, and any resulting uncertainty or changes in policy or priorities and resultant
funding. The U.S. government s budget deficit and the national debt could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in a number of ways, including the following: 

The U.S. government could reduce or delay its spending on, reprioritize its spending away from, or decline to
provide funding for the government programs in which we participate; 

U.S. government spending could be impacted by alternate arrangements to sequestration, which increases the
uncertainty as to, and the difficulty in predicting, U.S. government spending priorities and levels; and 

We may experience declines in revenue, profitability and cash flows as a result of reduced or delayed orders or
payments or other factors caused by economic difficulties of our customers and prospective customers, including U.S. federal, state and local governments. 
 Furthermore, we believe continued budget pressures could have serious negative consequences for the aerial firefighting industrial base and
the customers, employees, suppliers, investors and communities that rely on companies in the aerial firefighting industrial base. Budget and program decisions made in this environment would have long-term implications for us and the entire aerial
firefighting industry. We depend significantly on U.S. government contracts, which often are only partially funded, subject to immediate
termination, and heavily regulated and audited. The termination or failure to fund, or negative audit findings for, one or more of these contracts could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows. Over its lifetime, a U.S. government program may be implemented by the award of many different individual contracts and
subcontracts. The funding of U.S. government programs is subject to U.S. Congressional appropriations. In recent years, U.S. government appropriations have been affected by larger U.S. government budgetary issues and related legislation. Although
multi-year contracts may be authorized and appropriated in connection with major procurements, the U.S. Congress Congress generally appropriates funds on a government fiscal year basis. Procurement funds are typically made available
for obligation over the course of one to three years. Consequently, programs often initially receive only partial funding, and additional funds are obligated only as Congress authorizes further appropriations. As a result of the restrictions on the
authority of federal agencies to obligate federal funds without annual appropriations from Congress, most of our contracts are structured for one base year with options for up to four additional years. We cannot predict the extent to which total
funding and/or funding for individual programs will be included, increased or reduced as part of the annual appropriations process ultimately approved by Congress and the President of the United States or in separate supplemental appropriations or
continuing resolutions, as applicable. The termination of funding for a U.S. government program would result in a loss of anticipated future revenue attributable to that program, which could have an adverse impact on our operations. In addition, the
termination of a program or the failure to commit additional funds to a program that already has been started could result in lost revenue and increase our overall costs of doing business. 
 Generally, U.S. government contracts are subject to oversight audits by U.S. government representatives. Such audits could result in
adjustments to our contract costs. Any costs found to be improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be reimbursed, and such costs already reimbursed must be refunded. We have recorded contract revenue based on costs we expect to realize
upon final audit. However, we do not know the outcome of any future audits and adjustments, and we may be required to materially reduce our revenue or profits upon completion and final negotiation of audits. Negative audit findings could also result
in termination of a contract, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines or suspension or debarment from U.S. Government contracting or subcontracting for a period of time. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

In addition, U.S. government contracts generally contain provisions permitting termination,
in whole or in part, without prior notice at the U.S. government s convenience upon payment only for work done and commitments made at the time of termination. For some contracts, we are a subcontractor and not the prime contractor, and in
those arrangements, the U.S. Government could terminate the prime contractor for convenience without regard for our performance as a subcontractor. We can give no assurance that one or more of our U.S. government contracts will not be terminated
under those circumstances. Also, we can give no assurance that we would be able to procure new contracts to offset the revenue or backlog lost as a result of any termination of our U.S. government contracts. Because a significant portion of our
revenue is dependent on our performance and payment under our U.S. government contracts, the loss of one or more large contracts could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our U.S. government business also is subject to specific procurement regulations and a variety of socioeconomic and other requirements. These
requirements, although customary in U.S. government contracts, increase our performance and compliance costs. These costs might increase in the future, thereby reducing our margins, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, the U.S. government has and may continue to implement initiatives focused on efficiencies, affordability and cost growth and other changes to its procurement practices. These initiatives
and changes to procurement practices may change the way U.S. government contracts are solicited, negotiated and managed, which may affect whether and how we pursue opportunities to provide our products and services to the U.S. government, including
the terms and conditions under which we do so, which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For example, contracts awarded under the United States Department of Defense s Other
Transaction Authority for research and prototypes generally require cost-sharing and may not follow, or may follow only in part, standard U.S. government contracting practices and terms, such as the Federal Acquisition Regulation and Cost Accounting
Standards. Failure to comply with applicable regulations and requirements could lead to fines, penalties, repayments, or compensatory or
treble damages, or suspension or debarment from U.S. government contracting or subcontracting for a period of time. Among the causes for debarment are violations of various laws and regulations, including those related to procurement integrity,
export control (including ITAR), U.S. government security, employment practices, protection of the environment, accuracy of records, proper recording of costs and foreign corruption. The termination of a U.S. government contract or relationship as a
result of any of these acts would have an adverse impact on our operations and could have an adverse effect on our standing and eligibility for future U.S. government contracts. 
 We may be blocked from or limited in providing or offering our services in certain jurisdictions and may be required to modify our business model in
those jurisdictions as a result. We face regulatory obstacles, including those lobbied for in local government, which could
prevent us from operating our aerial firefighting services. We may incur significant costs in defending our right to operate in accordance with our business model in many jurisdictions. To the extent that efforts to block or limit our operations are
successful, or we or third-party aircraft operators are required to comply with regulatory and other requirements applicable to our services, our revenue and growth would be adversely affected. 
 We may enter into firefighting contracts in the future with foreign governments, which may result in increased compliance and oversight risks and
expenses. If we enter into contracts with foreign governments in the future, we may be subject to further regulations and
complicated procurement processes that require significant expense and/or management attention. Additionally, contracts with foreign governments often necessitate higher levels of compliance and oversight functions, which could increase our costs,
making us less competitive and hurting our results from operations. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

We may be unable to manage our future growth effectively, which could make it difficult to execute our
business strategy. If our operations continue to grow as planned, of which there can be no assurance, we will need to expand our
sales, marketing, operations, and the number of aircraft that we own and operate in connection with our aerial firefighting services. Our continued growth could increase the strain on our resources, and we could experience operating difficulties,
including difficulties in hiring, training, and managing an increasing number of employees. These difficulties may result in the erosion of our brand image, divert the attention of management and key employees, and impact financial and operational
results. In addition, in order to continue to increase our presence, we expect to incur substantial expenses and capital expenditures as we continue to attempt to increase our coverage areas, aircraft fleet, and employee base. The continued
expansion of our business may also require additional space for administrative support. If we are unable to drive commensurate growth, these costs, which include lease commitments, marketing costs and headcount, could result in decreased margins,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We rely on a few large customers for a
majority of our business, and the loss of any of these customers, significant changes in the prices, marketing allowances or other important terms provided to any of these customers or adverse developments with respect to the financial condition of
these customers could materially reduce our net income and operating results. Our total revenues are concentrated among a small
number of large customers. Sales to our three largest customers in the aggregate represented 99.1 , sales to our largest customer represented 94.8 of our total revenues during the year ended December 31, 2022, and one customer that accounted for
62 of accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022. We are under continued pressure from our major customers to offer lower prices, extended payment terms, increased marketing and other allowances and other terms more favorable to these customers
because our sales to these customers are concentrated, and the market in which we operate is very competitive. These customer demands have put continued pressure on our operating margins and profitability, resulted in periodic negotiations in
connection with open requests for proposals to provide more favorable prices and terms to these customers and significantly increased our working capital needs. In addition, this customer concentration leaves us vulnerable to any adverse change in
the financial condition of these customers. Changes in terms with, significant allowances for and collections from these customers could affect our operating results and cash flows. The loss of our main customers could adversely affect our business.
 Our cash flow and profitability could be reduced if expenditures are incurred prior to the final receipt of a contract. 
 We provide services on behalf of our customers under various contractual arrangements. From time to time, in order to ensure that we satisfy
our customers requirements and time-sensitive needs, we may elect to initiate procurement in advance of receiving final authorization from the government customer or a prime contractor. If our government or prime contractor customer s
requirements should change or if the government or the prime contractor should direct the anticipated procurement to another contractor, or if the anticipated contract award does not materialize, our investment might be at risk. This could reduce
anticipated earnings or result in a loss, negatively affecting our cash flow and profitability. If we are not able to successfully enter into new
markets and offer new services and enhance our existing offerings, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our growth will depend in part on our ability to successfully enter into new markets and expand on our existing services. Significant changes
to our existing services may require us to obtain and maintain applicable permits, authorizations or other regulatory approvals. If these new services are unsuccessful or fail to attract a sufficient number of customers to be profitable, or we are
unable to bring new or expanded services to market efficiently, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Furthermore, new demands regarding our services, including the availability of superior services
or a deterioration in the quality of our existing services, could negatively affect the attractiveness of our platform and the economics of our business and require us to make substantial changes to and additional investments in our routes or our
business model. Developing and launching new services or enhancements to our existing services involves significant 
 31 

Table of Contents 

risks and uncertainties, including risks related to the reception of such services by existing and potential future customers, increases in operational complexity, unanticipated delays or
challenges in implementing such services or enhancements, increased strain on our operational and internal resources (including an impairment of our ability to accurately forecast flier demand and the number of customers using our platform) and
negative publicity in the event such new or enhanced routes are perceived to be unsuccessful. We have scaled our business rapidly, and significant new initiatives have in the past resulted in such operational challenges affecting our business. In
addition, developing and launching new services and enhancements to our existing services may involve significant upfront investment, such as purchasing additional aircraft, and such investments may not generate return on investment. 
 Supplier Risks We rely on a limited number of
suppliers for certain raw materials and supplied components. We may not be able to obtain sufficient raw materials or supplied components to meet our maintenance or operating needs or obtain such materials on favorable terms or at all, which could
impair our ability to provide our services in a timely manner or increase our costs of services and maintenance. Our ability to
produce our current and future systems, technologies and services and other components of operation is dependent upon sufficient availability of raw materials and supplied components, which we secure from a limited number of suppliers. Global supply
chains have recently experienced disruption as a result of industry capacity constraints, tariffs, material availability and global logistics delays arising from transportation capacity of ocean shipping containers and a prolonged delay in
resumption of operations by one or more key suppliers as a result of COVID-19. Our reliance on suppliers to secure raw materials and supplied components exposes us to volatility in the prices and availability
of these materials. We may not be able to obtain sufficient supplies of raw materials or supplied components on favorable terms or at all, which could result in delays in the provision of our services, our ability to repair and service our assets,
or increased costs, any of which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. In particular, we rely on Viking, the manufacturer of our Super Scooper aircraft and an affiliate of LAS, to source and acquire the parts and
materials needed to maintain our Super Scoopers and Bridger has not identified a readily available alternative supplier for certain of such parts. If we are unable to obtain (including as a result of a disruption to Viking s business operations
or supply lines) the necessary parts and materials to maintain our Super Scooper aircraft from Viking, and if we are unable to identify an alternative supplier for such parts and materials in a timely manner, then our business operations, including
the maintenance and performance of our Super Scooper aircraft, and results of operations would be adversely affected. Additionally, to
maintain compliance with certain contractual structural inspection and analysis requirements under our agreements with the USFS, on January 5, 2021 we entered into Amendment 8 (SSLMP) (the SSLMP Amendment to the LAS Purchase Agreement,
for Viking s provision of a Supplemental Structural Life Management Program. Viking agreed to provide us with a 5-year subscription service to a Super Scooper life management program based on the
applicable FAA advisory material related to fatigue management and supplemental structural inspection programs, for which we pay a fixed subscription price. Viking does not have a termination for convenience right in respect of the services rendered
pursuant to the SSLMP Amendment. If such services are nonetheless terminated or if Viking ceases to perform its obligations in respect thereof, or if we are unable to renew such services, then our business operations could be significantly disrupted
and our results of operations could be adversely affected. There is a limited supply of new CL-415EAF 
aircraft to purchase, and an inability to purchase additional CL-415EAF aircraft could impede our ability to increase our revenue and net income. 
 Currently, a majority of our revenue derives from services performed by the CL-415EAF. LAS has only
made a limited number of CL-415EAFs available for sale between 2020 and 2025. If we continue to focus operations on a single airframe for fire suppression and does not expand its fleet to other aircraft, our
operations may be impacted 
 32 

Table of Contents 

by the limited supply of new CL-415EAF aircraft available to purchase, which creates a revenue ceiling until additional aircraft can be produced or
acquired, which could adversely affect our results of operation and ability to obtain efficiencies of scale. We currently rely and will continue to
rely on third-party partners to provide and store the parts and components required to service and maintain our aircraft, and to supply critical components and systems, which exposes us to a number of risks and uncertainties outside our control.
Disputes with our suppliers or the inability of our suppliers to perform, or our key suppliers to timely deliver our components, parts or services, could cause our services to be provided in an untimely or unsatisfactory manner. 
 We are substantially reliant on our relationships with our suppliers and service providers for the parts and components in our aircraft. If
any of these suppliers or service partners were to experience delays, disruptions, capacity constraints or quality control problems in their manufacturing operations, or if they choose to not do business with us, we would have significant difficulty
in procuring and preparing our aircraft for service, and our business prospects would be significantly harmed. These disruptions would negatively impact our revenues, competitive position and reputation. In addition, our suppliers or service
partners may rely on certain state tax incentives that may be subject to change or elimination in the future, which could result in additional costs and delays in production if a new manufacturing site must be obtained. Further, if we are unable to
successfully manage our relationship with our suppliers or service partners, the quality and availability of our aircraft may be harmed. Our suppliers or service partners could, under some circumstances, decline to accept new purchase orders from or
otherwise reduce their business with us. If our suppliers or service partners stopped manufacturing our aircraft components for any reason or reduced manufacturing capacity, we may be unable to replace the lost manufacturing capacity on a timely and
comparatively cost-effective basis, which would adversely impact our operations. The manufacturing facilities of our suppliers or service
partners and the equipment used to manufacture the components for our aircraft would be costly to replace and could require substantial lead time to replace and qualify for use. The manufacturing facilities of our suppliers or service partners may
be harmed or rendered inoperable by natural or man-made disasters, including earthquakes, flooding, fire and power outages, or by public health issues, such as the ongoing
 COVID-19 pandemic, which may render it difficult or impossible for us to manufacture our aircraft for some period of time. The inability to manufacture our aircraft components or the backlog that could develop
if the manufacturing facilities of our suppliers or service partners are inoperable for even a short period of time may result in the loss of customers or harm our reputation. 
 We do not control our suppliers or service partners or such parties labor and other legal compliance practices, including their
environmental, health and safety practices. If our current suppliers or service partners, or any other suppliers or service partners which we may use in the future, violate U.S. or foreign laws or regulations, we may be subjected to extra duties,
significant monetary penalties, adverse publicity, the seizure and forfeiture of products that we are attempting to import or the loss of our import privileges. The effects of these factors could render the conduct of our business in a particular
country undesirable or impractical and have a negative impact on our operating results. Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 Our business is subject to a wide variety of additional extensive and evolving government laws and regulations. Failure to comply with such laws and
regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business. We are subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations
relating to various aspects of our business, including with respect to employment and labor, health care, tax, privacy and data security, health and safety, and environmental issues. Laws and regulations at the foreign, federal, state and local
levels frequently change, especially in relation to new and emerging industries, and we cannot always reasonably predict the impact from, or the ultimate cost of compliance with, current or future regulatory or administrative changes. We monitor
these developments and 
 33 

Table of Contents 

devote a significant amount of management s time and external resources towards compliance with these laws, regulations and guidelines, and such compliance places a significant burden on
management s time and other resources, and it may limit our ability to expand into certain jurisdictions. Moreover, changes in law, the imposition of new or additional regulations or the enactment of any new or more stringent legislation that
impacts our business could require us to change the way we operate and could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Failure to comply with these laws, such as with respect to obtaining and maintaining licenses, certificates, authorizations and permits
critical for the operation of our business, may result in civil penalties or private lawsuits, or the suspension or revocation of licenses, certificates, authorizations or permits, which would prevent us from operating our business. For example,
aerial firefighting and the operation of any aircraft in the United States require licenses and permits from the FAA and review by other agencies of the U.S. government, including the USFS and the DOI. License approval can include an interagency
review of safety, operational, national security, and foreign policy and international obligations implications, as well as a review of foreign ownership. 
 Compliance with existing or new laws can delay our operations and impair our ability to fully utilize our assets. For example, each of the
aircraft acquired and operated by us is subject to a conformance and registration process with the FAA prior to use in commercial operations. This conformance carding and registration process takes some time and can be delayed from time to time due
to events outside of our control, including such events as federal government shutdowns or slowdowns in operations of the FAA. In 2020, the first two Viking Air CL-415EAFs were delivered to us three months
later than anticipated due to federal government restrictions imposed because of the COVID-19 pandemic. As such, we were not able to execute a firefighting contract for 2020 with the USFS. 
 Additionally, regulation of our industry is still evolving, and new or different laws or regulations could affect our operations, increase
direct compliance costs for us or cause any third-party suppliers or contractors to raise the prices they charge us because of increased compliance costs. Application of these laws to our business may negatively impact our performance in various
ways, limiting the collaborations we may pursue, further regulating the export and re-export of our services and technology from the United States and abroad and increasing our costs and the time necessary to
obtain required authorization. The adoption of a multi-layered regulatory approach to any one of the laws or regulations to which we are or may become subject, particularly where the layers are in conflict, could require changes to the performance
of our services or operational parameters which may adversely impact our business. We may not be in complete compliance with all such requirements at all times and, even when we believe we are in complete compliance, a regulatory agency may
determine that we are not Our operations are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations governing health and the environment.
 We are subject to a wide variety of various federal, state and local laws and regulations governing health and the environment
due to the nature of our operations. Changes in the legal and or regulatory framework relating to the environment could have significant impact on our operations. For example, certain local land use policies and forestry management practices could
be restricted to reduce the construction and development of residential and commercial projects in high-risk fire areas, which could lead to a reduction in demand for our services. Likewise, certain or future state and local water use and access
policies could restrict our ability to access the bodies of water necessary to combat wildfires with our existing fire suppression aircraft. In the future, we may be unable to secure exemptions to these policies, and demand for our services could
decrease. If these or any other change in the legal or regulatory framework relating to the environmental impact the operation of our business and the provision of our services, our costs, revenue and results of operations may be adversely affected.
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Financial and Capital Strategy Risks 
 We may require substantial additional funding to finance our operations and growth strategy, but adequate additional financing may not be available when
we need it, on acceptable terms, or at all , and our ability to pursue equity financings may depend in part, on the market price of our Common Stock. 
 We financed our operations and capital expenditures primarily through private financing rounds, including the 160 million aggregate
municipal bond financing that closed on July 21, 2022 and August 10, 2022. In the future, we could be required to raise capital through public or private financing or other arrangements. Such financing may not be available on acceptable terms,
or at all, and our failure to raise capital when needed could harm our business. For example, the global COVID-19 health crisis and related financial impact has resulted in, and may continue to result in,
significant disruption and volatility of global financial markets that could adversely impact our ability to access capital. We may sell equity securities or debt securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner as we may determine
from time to time for general corporate purposes or for specific purposes, including in order to pursue growth initiatives. Any debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants and could reduce our operational flexibility or
profitability. If we sell any securities in subsequent transactions, our current investors may be materially diluted. If we cannot raise funds on acceptable terms, we may not be able to grow our business or respond to competitive pressures. In
addition, our ability to generate proceeds from equity financings will significantly depend on the market price of our Common Stock. Furthermore, on March 17, 2023, the closing price of our Common Stock was 4.75 per share. For so long as the market
price of our Common Stock is below the exercise price of our Warrants 11.50 per share), our Warrants remain
 out-of-the-money, and our Warrant Holders are unlikely to cash exercise their Warrants, resulting in little or no
cash proceeds to us. There can be no assurance that our Warrants will be in the money prior to their January 24, 2028 expiration date, and therefore, we may not receive any proceeds from the exercise of Warrants to fund our operations. 
 Any acquisitions, partnerships or joint ventures that we enter into could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. As part of growing our business, we have and may make acquisitions. If we fail to successfully select, execute or integrate our acquisitions, then our business, results of operations and financial
condition could be materially adversely affected, and our stock price could decline. From time to time, we may evaluate potential
strategic acquisitions of businesses, including partnerships or joint ventures with third parties. We may not be successful in identifying acquisition, partnership and joint venture candidates. In addition, we may not be able to continue the
operational success of such businesses or successfully finance or integrate any businesses that we acquire or with which we form a partnership or joint venture. We may have potential write-offs of acquired assets and/or an impairment of any goodwill
recorded as a result of acquisitions. Furthermore, the integration of any acquisition may divert management s time and resources from our core business and disrupt our operations or may result in conflicts with our business. Any acquisition,
partnership or joint venture may not be successful, may reduce our cash reserves, may negatively affect our earnings and financial performance and, to the extent financed with the proceeds of debt, may increase our indebtedness. Further, depending
on market conditions, investor perceptions of us and other factors, we might not be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms, or at all, to implement any such transaction. We cannot ensure that any acquisition, partnership or joint venture we
make will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our systems, aircraft, technologies
and services and related equipment may have shorter useful lives than we anticipate. Our growth strategy depends in part on the
acquisition of additional assets, including Super Scoopers, Air Attack aircraft, UAV, and airport hangars. A number of factors will impact the useful lives of our aircraft and facilities, including, among other things, the quality of their design
and construction, the durability of their component parts and availability of any replacement components, and the occurrence of any anomaly or series of anomalies or other risks affecting the technology during firefighting and surveillance
operations. In addition, any improvements in technology may make our existing aircraft, designs, or any component of our aircraft prior to the end of its 
 35 

Table of Contents 

life obsolete. If our systems, aircraft, facilities, technologies, and related equipment have shorter useful lives than we currently anticipate, this may lead to higher costs, lower returns on
capital, or customer price increases that could hinder our ability to obtain new business, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have a substantial amount of debt and servicing future interests or principal payments may impair our ability to operate our business or require us
to change our business strategy to accommodate the repayment of our debt. Our ability to operate our business is limited by certain agreements governing our debt, including restrictions on the use of the loan proceeds, operational and financial
covenants, and restrictions on additional indebtedness. If we are unable to comply with the financial covenants or other terms of our debt agreements, we may become subject to cross-default or cross-acceleration provisions that could result in our
debt being declared immediately due and payable. We completed municipal bond financings in July 2022 and August 2022 that raised
gross proceeds in the aggregate of 160 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had 213 million of total debt outstanding. In connection with such bond financings, we have entered into various loan agreements, which contain certain financial
covenants, that require, among other things, that we operate in a manner and to the extent permitted by applicable law, to produce sufficient gross revenues so as to be at all relevant times in compliance with the terms of such covenants, including
that we maintain (i) beginning with the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2023, a minimum debt service coverage ratio (generally calculated as the aggregate amount of our total gross revenues, minus operating expenses, plus interest,
depreciation and amortization expense, for any period, over our maximum annual debt service requirements, as determined under such loan agreement) that exceeds 1.25x and (ii) beginning with the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2022, a
minimum liquidity of not less than 8 million in the form of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, plus liquid investments and unrestricted marketable securities at all times. 
 Subject to the terms of the loan agreements, in the event we are unable to comply with the terms of the financial covenants, we may be
required (among other potential remedial actions) to engage an independent consultant to review, analyze and make recommendations with respect to our operations or in some instances, this could result in an event of default and/or the acceleration
of our debt obligations under the loan agreements. In addition, the acceleration of our debt obligations may in some instances (as set forth in the Amended and Restated Charter) result in an increase in the dividend rate of the Series A Preferred
Stock of 2.00 per annum from the dividend rate otherwise in effect with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock. As further described
under the section of this Annual Report entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Indebtedness , we have also entered into various term loan agreements and other
long-term debt to fund the purchase of additional aircraft and finance the construction of aircraft hangars. Under the terms of such agreements, we are subject to certain financial covenants including, a debt service coverage ratio, current assets
to liabilities ratio and senior leverage ratio. As of December 31, 2021 and September 30, 2022, we were in violation of the current assets to liabilities and senior leverage ratios requirements, respectively, under the agreements of our
credit facilities with Rocky Mountain Bank. On both occasions, Rocky Mountain Bank agreed to waive the violation of such covenants and not enforce its rights and remedies from the resulting events of default under such credit facilities. No
assurance can be provided that we will be able to satisfy such financial covenants in future periods or that we will be able to obtain a waiver from our lenders in the event of non-compliance. A breach of any
of these covenants or the occurrence of other events specified in the agreements or related debt documents could result in an event of default under the same and give rise to the lenders right to accelerate our debt obligations thereunder and
pursue other remedial actions under our credit facilities and/or trigger a cross-default under our other debt agreements, including our Series 2022 Bonds. 
 Subject to the limits contained in some of the agreements governing our outstanding debt, we may incur additional debt in the future. Our
maintenance of higher levels of indebtedness could have adverse consequences including impairing our ability to obtain additional debt and/or equity financing in the future. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Our level of debt places significant demands on our cash resources, which could: 

make it more difficult to satisfy our outstanding debt obligations; 

require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash for payments related to our debt, reducing the amount of
cash flow available for working capital, capital expenditures, entitlement of our real estate assets, contributions to our tax-qualified pension plan, and other general corporate purposes;

make it more difficult for us to satisfy certain financial tests and ratios under our loan or debt agreements,
requiring us to seek waivers from lenders to not enforce its rights and remedies under the applicable agreements; 

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the industries in which we compete;

place us at a competitive disadvantage with respect to our competitors, some of which have lower debt service
obligations and greater financial resources than we do; 

limit our ability to borrow additional funds; 

limit our ability to expand our operations through acquisitions; and 

increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions If we are unable to generate
sufficient cash flow to service our debt and fund our operating costs, our liquidity may be adversely affected. There
are no assurances that we will maintain a level of liquidity sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium and interest on our indebtedness. In addition to competitive conditions in the industry in which we operate, our financial condition
and operating performance are also subject to prevailing economic conditions and certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. 
 We do not expect to declare any dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 We intend to retain future earnings, if any, for future operations and expansion and there are no current plans to pay any cash dividends for
the foreseeable future. The declaration, amount, and payment of any future dividends on shares of our common stock will be at the sole discretion of the Board. The Board may take into account general and economic conditions, our financial condition
and results of operations, our available cash and current and anticipated cash needs, capital requirements, contractual, legal, tax, and regulatory restrictions, implications on the payment of dividends by us to our stockholders or by our
subsidiaries to us, and such other factors as the Board may deem relevant. As a result, you may not receive any return on an investment in our common stock unless you sell our common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 
 We may in the future invest significant resources in developing new offerings and exploring the application of our technologies for other uses and those
opportunities may never materialize. While our primary focus for the foreseeable future will be on our aerial firefighting
services, we may invest significant resources in developing new technologies, services, products and offerings. However, we may not realize the expected benefits of these investments, and these anticipated technologies are unproven and these
products or technologies may never materialize or be commercialized in a way that would allow us to generate ancillary revenue streams. Relatedly, if such technologies become viable offerings in the future, we may be subject to competition from our
competitors. Such research and development initiatives may also have a high degree of risk and involve unproven business strategies and
technologies with which we have limited operating or development experience. They may involve claims and liabilities (including, but not limited to, personal injury claims), expenses, regulatory challenges and other risks that
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

we may not be able to anticipate. There can be no assurance that consumer demand for such initiatives will exist or be sustained at the levels that we anticipate, or that any of these initiatives
will gain sufficient traction or market acceptance to generate sufficient revenue to offset any new expenses or liabilities associated with these new investments. Further, any such research and development efforts could distract management from
current operations and would divert capital and other resources from our more established offerings and technologies. Even if we were to be successful in developing new products, services, offerings or technologies, regulatory authorities may
subject us to new rules or restrictions in response to our innovations that may increase our expenses or prevent us from successfully commercializing new products, services, offerings or technologies. 
 Our variable interest entities (or VIEs may subject us to potential conflicts of interest, and such arrangements may not be as effective as
direct ownership with respect to our relationships with the VIEs, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to effectively control the VIEs and receive economic benefits from them. 
 We historically had four VIEs, two of which have been consolidated in Bridger s financial statements: Northern Fire and Mountain Air.
Northern Fire is owned 50 by BAG, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, and 50 by a former employee of BAG, who is a Canadian national. We assisted in designing and organizing Northern Fire with a business purpose of employing Canadian aviation
professionals for our business. We have a master services agreement with Northern Fire and Bridger Air Tanker, LLC Bridger Air ), our wholly-owned subsidiary, to transfer all annual expenses incurred to us in exchange for the Canadian
employees to support our water scooper aircraft. Mountain Air was a VIE for 2021, but subsequent to its acquisition on November 7, 2022 for 1.00, it is now a wholly-owned subsidiary. 
 The contractual arrangements we have with the VIEs may not be as effective as direct ownership in respect of our relationship with the VIE.
For example, the VIE and its shareholders could breach their contractual arrangements with us by, among other things, failing to conduct their operations in an acceptable manner or taking other actions that are detrimental to our interests. If we
had direct ownership of the VIE, we would be able to exercise our rights as a shareholder to effect changes in the board of directors of the VIE, which in turn could implement changes, subject to any applicable fiduciary obligations, at the
management and operational level. However, under the agreements with our VIEs, we rely on the performance by the VIE and its shareholders of their obligations under the contracts to exercise control over the VIE. The shareholders of the consolidated
VIE may not act in the best interests of our company or may not perform their obligations under these contracts. Such risks exist throughout the period in which we intend to operate certain portions of our business through the contractual
arrangements with the VIE. As of the date of this Annual Report, we are not aware of any conflicts between the shareholders of the VIE
and us. However, the shareholders of the VIE may have actual or potential conflicts of interest with us in the future. These shareholders may refuse to sign or breach, or cause the VIE to breach, or refuse to renew, the existing contractual
arrangements we have with them and the VIE, which would have a material adverse effect on our ability to effectively control the VIE and receive economic benefits from it. For example, the shareholders may be able to cause our agreements with the
VIE to be performed in a manner adverse to us by, among other things, failing to remit payments due under the contractual arrangements to us on a timely basis. We cannot assure you that when conflicts of interest arise any or all of these
shareholders will act in the best interests of our company or such conflicts will be resolved in our favor. Currently, we do not have any arrangements to address potential conflicts of interest between these shareholders and our company. If we
cannot resolve any conflict of interest or dispute between us and these shareholders, we would have to rely on legal proceedings to enforce such arrangements, which could result in disruption of our business, require us to incur substantial costs
and expend additional resources, and subject us to substantial uncertainty as to the outcome of any such legal proceedings. Our results of
operations may be adversely affected by other-than-temporary impairment charges related to our marketable securities. We make
investments in marketable securities classified as available-for-sale debt securities, consisting of commercial paper, corporate bonds and notes, and government securities. As of December 31, 2022, we had 55.0 million of investments in debt
securities classified as available-for-sale with short-term maturities of less than one year and carried at fair value. We are exposed to the risk that the issuers of these debt securities may experience significant deterioration in credit quality
which could impact the market value of such issuer s securities. We periodically evaluate our debt securities to determine if market value declines are other-than-temporary. If a decline is determined to be other-than-temporary, the credit
related portion of the impairment would be recognized as an adjustment to income. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Early-Stage Company Risks 
 We have incurred significant losses since inception, and we may not be able to achieve, maintain or increase profitability or positive cash flow.
 We have incurred significant losses since inception. While we currently generate revenue from our aerial firefighting services,
we are not currently profitable, and it is difficult for us to predict our future operating results. As a result, our losses may be larger than anticipated, and we may not be able to reach profitability in the foreseeable future. Further, our future
growth is heavily dependent upon the necessity for our services. The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert our
management s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain additional executive management and qualified board members. 
 Prior to Closing, we were not subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, or the listing requirements of Nasdaq. Compliance with these rules and regulations has increased, and will
continue to increase, our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming, or costly, and increase demand on our systems and resources, particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company. The
Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and operating results. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls
and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and improve our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard, significant resources and management oversight
have been and may in the future be required. As a result, management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. We may need to hire more employees in the future or
engage outside consultants, which would increase our costs and expenses. In addition, changing laws, regulations, and standards relating
to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs, and making some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations, and standards are subject to
varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve or otherwise change over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in
continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations, and standards (or changing
interpretations of them), and this investment may result in increased selling, general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If our efforts to
comply with new laws, regulations, and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to their application and practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us,
and our business may be adversely affected. As a public company, we have also had to incur increased expenses in order to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially
higher costs to maintain the same or similar coverage or obtain coverage in the future. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors, particularly to serve on our audit
committee, compensation committee, and nominating and governance committee, and qualified executive officers. As a result of disclosure
of information in the filings required of a public company, our business and financial condition is more visible, which may result in threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors. If such claims are successful, our business and
operating results could be adversely affected, and even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management and
adversely affect our business and operating results. In addition, as a result of our disclosure obligations as a public company, we have reduced flexibility and are under pressure to focus on short-term results, which may adversely affect our
ability to achieve long-term profitability. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

If we do not develop and implement all required accounting practices and policies, we may be unable to
provide the financial information required of a U.S. publicly traded company in a timely and reliable manner. Prior to the
Closing, we were a privately held company, and we were not required to adopt all of the financial reporting and disclosure procedures and controls required of a U.S. publicly traded company. The implementation of all required accounting practices
and policies and the hiring of additional financial staff has increased and may continue to increase our operating costs and requires our management to devote significant time and resources to such implementation. If we fail to develop and maintain
effective internal controls and procedures and disclosure procedures and controls, we may be unable to provide financial information and required SEC reports that are timely and reliable. Any such delays or deficiencies could harm us, including by
limiting our ability to obtain financing, either in the public capital markets or from private sources and damaging our reputation, which in either cause could impede our ability to implement our growth strategy. In addition, any such delays or
deficiencies could result in our failure to meet the requirements for continued listing of our Common Stock on Nasdaq. The Series 2022 Bonds were
marketed on the basis of our compliance with certain green and social bond principles. We may not continue to satisfy such principles and we may be unable to market bonds under such principles in the future. 
 We have publicly advertised, and Series 2022 Bonds were marketed on the basis of, our compliance with the core components of International
Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green Bond Principles and Social Bond Principles. There is no assurance that the eligible projects to which we allocate proceeds from such the Series 2022 Bonds will satisfy, or continue to satisfy, investor
criteria and expectations regarding environmental impact and sustainability performance, and no assurance is given that the use or allocation will satisfy present or future investor expectations or requirements, voluntary taxonomies or standards
regarding any investment criteria or guidelines with which investors or their investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable laws or regulations, by their own governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, ratings
criteria, voluntary taxonomies or standards or other independent expectations. As a result, there may be impacts of failing to satisfy bond conditions under the Series 2022 Bonds, and we may be unable to market future bonds, which may result in
increased financing costs for us. Pursuant to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ), our independent
registered public accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for so long as we are an emerging growth
company. A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of,
that company s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and influenced by that company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Prior to the Closing,
Legacy Bridger was not required to evaluate our internal control over financial reporting in a manner that meets the standards of publicly traded companies required by Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We are now required to adhere to
these SEC rules, which will require management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting beginning for
the year ending December 31, 2023. Additionally, once we are no longer an emerging growth company, if we are an accelerated filer or a large accelerated filer (as defined in Rule 12b-2 
of the Exchange Act), then we will be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal controls over financial reporting. If we are unable to establish or maintain appropriate internal
control over financial reporting or implement these additional requirements in a timely manner or with adequate compliance, it could result in material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements, failure to meet our reporting obligations
on a timely basis, 
 40 

Table of Contents 

increases in compliance costs, and subject us to adverse regulatory consequences, all of which may adversely affect investor confidence in, and the value of, our securities. Furthermore, if some
investors find our securities less attractive as a result of the exemptions available us as an emerging growth company, there may be a less active trading market for our securities (assuming a market develops), and the trading price of our
securities may be more volatile than that of an otherwise comparable company that does not avail itself of the same or similar exemptions. We have
identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which we are in the process of, and are focused on, remediating. If we are unable to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may
not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a
reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which we are in the process of, and are focused on,
remediating. The first material weakness is related to properly accounting for complex transactions within our financial statement closing and reporting process. The second material weakness arises from our failure to design and maintain effective
IT general controls over the IT systems used within the processing of key financial transactions. Specifically, we did not design and maintain user access controls to ensure appropriate segregation of duties and that adequately restrict user and
privileged access to financial applications, programs, and data to appropriate company personnel. Additionally, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the period end account reconciliation
review and entity level financial statement review controls which did not operate within a sufficient level of precision. We have begun
the process of, and are focused on, designing and implementing effective internal controls measures to improve our internal control over financial reporting and remediate the material weaknesses. Future remediation of the material weaknesses is
subject to ongoing management evaluation and will require validation and testing of the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls over a sustained period of financial reporting cycles. 
 Although we plan to complete this remediation process as quickly as possible, we are unable, at this time, to estimate how long it will take,
and our efforts may not be successful in remediating the identified material weaknesses. In addition, even if we are successful in strengthening our controls and procedures, we can give no assurances that in the future such controls and procedures
will be adequate to prevent or identify errors or irregularities or to facilitate the fair preparation and presentation of our consolidated financial statements. Any failure to design or maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting
or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement could increase compliance costs, negatively impact share trading prices, or otherwise harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. 
 Risks Related to the Ownership of Our Securities 
 The price of our Common Stock and Warrants are likely to be highly volatile, and you may lose some or all of your investment. 
 The price of our Common Stock and Warrants may fluctuate significantly due to a number of factors, some of which may be beyond our control,
including those factors discussed in this Risk Factors section and many others, such as: 

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition and operating results, including fluctuations in
our quarterly and annual results; 
 41 

Table of Contents 

developments involving our competitors; 

changes in laws and regulations affecting our business; 

variations in our operating performance and the performance of our competitors in general; 

the public s reaction to our press releases, our other public announcements and our filings with the SEC;

additions and departures of key personnel; 

announcements of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by us or
our competitors; 

our failure to meet the estimates and projections of the investment community or that we may otherwise provide to
the public; 

publication of research reports about us or our industry, or positive or negative recommendations or withdrawal
of research coverage by securities analysts; 

changes in the market valuations of similar companies; 

overall performance of the equity markets; 

sales of our Common Stock and Warrants by us or our stockholders in the future; 

trading volume of our Common Stock and Warrants; 

significant lawsuits, including shareholder litigation; 

failure to comply with the requirements of Nasdaq; 

the impact of any natural disasters or public health emergencies, such as the
 COVID-19 pandemic; 

general economic, industry and market conditions other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control;
and 

changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations or principles. 
 These market and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of our Common Stock and our Warrants regardless of our operating
performance. Our Common Stock is subject to restrictions on ownership by non-U.S. citizens, which could
require divestiture by non-U.S. citizen stockholders and could have a negative impact on the transferability of our common stock, its liquidity and market value, and such restrictions may deter a potential
change of control transaction. Under the Amended and Restated Charter and the Amended and Restated Bylaws, we have limited the
ownership of non-U.S. citizens to 24.9 of the aggregate votes of all outstanding equity securities of our company or 49.0 of the aggregate number of outstanding equities securities in compliance with the
regulations set forth by the FAA and the DOT. As a result, if we approach these limits, non-U.S. citizen demand for our equity securities may be reduced, and the price of our Common Stock may suffer. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

We may issue additional shares of our Common Stock or other equity securities, which would dilute your
ownership interest in us and may depress the market price of our Common Stock. We may issue additional shares of our Common Stock
or other equity securities in the future in connection with, among other things, future acquisitions, repayment of outstanding indebtedness or grants under our Bridger Aerospace Group Holdings, Inc. 2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan and the Bridger
Aerospace Group Holdings, Inc. 2023 Employee Stock Purchase Plan without stockholder approval in a number of circumstances. Our issuance of additional our Common Stock or other equity securities could have one or more of the following effects: 

our existing stockholders proportionate ownership interest in us will decrease; 

the amount of cash available per share, including for payment of dividends in the future, may decrease;

the relative voting strength of each previously outstanding share of our Common Stock may be diminished; and

the market price of our Common Stock may decline. 
 We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take
advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to
compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the
Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not
limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the
requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem
important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our common stock held by
 non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of any second quarter of a fiscal year, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the last day of such fiscal year. We cannot
predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities
may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 
 Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or
revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a registration statement under the Securities Act declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are
required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to
 non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or
revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company , can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make
comparison of our financial statements with another public company that is not an emerging growth company or is an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible
because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of
Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain
a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (i) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates is greater than or equal to 250 million as of the end of
that fiscal year s second fiscal quarter, and (ii) our annual revenues are greater than or equal to 100 million during the last completed fiscal year or the market value of our common stock held by
 non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that fiscal year s second fiscal quarter. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of
our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. Provisions in the Amended and Restated Charter, the Amended and
Restated Bylaws, the Stockholders Agreement and Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Common Stock and may lead to
entrenchment of management. The Amended and Restated Charter and the Amended and Restated Bylaws contain provisions that could
significantly reduce the value of our securities to a potential acquiror or delay or prevent changes in control or changes in our management without the consent of the Board. Such provisions may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that
stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. Our organizational documents include the following: 

a classified board of directors with three-year staggered terms, which may delay the ability of stockholders to
change the membership of a majority of the Board; 

no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect
director candidates; 

the exclusive right of the Board, unless the Board grants such a right to the holders of any series of preferred
stock, to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the Board or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on the Board; 

the prohibition on removal of directors without cause; 

the ability of the Board to authorize the issuance of shares of preferred stock and to determine the price and
other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquiror; 

the ability of the Board to alter the Amended and Restated Bylaws without obtaining stockholder approval;

the required approval of at least 66-2/3 of the shares of our Common
Stock entitled to vote to amend or repeal the Amended and Restated Bylaws or amend, alter or repeal certain provisions of the Amended and Restated Charter; 

a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual
or special meeting of our stockholders; 
 44 

Table of Contents 

an exclusive forum provision providing that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive
forum for certain actions and proceedings; 

the requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by the Board, the chair of the Board,
the chief executive officer or the president, which may delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; and 

advance notice procedures that stockholders must comply with in order to nominate candidates to the Board or to
propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential acquiror from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquiror s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain
control of the company. We are not subject to the anti-takeover provisions contained in Section 203 of the
Delaware General Corporation Law. However, we may not, engage in a business combination with any holder of 15 or more of our capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other exceptions, the Board has approved the
transaction. Additionally, the Stockholders Agreement permits Blackstone to nominate up two directors to our board of directors while
Blackstone holds a requisite amount of our Common Stock, which could have the effect of increasing the difficulty of shareholders engaged in a proxy campaign against an incumbent board of directors of the Company. Individually and collectively,
these anti-takeover defenses could discourage, delay, or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of the Company. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect
directors of your choosing and cause the Company to take corporate actions other than those you desire. There can be no assurance that we will be
able to comply with the continued listing standards of Nasdaq. Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading
restrictions. Our Common Stock and the Public Warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the symbols BAER and
 BAERW, respectively. We are required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing requirements in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on
its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this
were to occur, we could face significant adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Common Stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our
Common Stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.
 The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states
from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our Common Stock and Public Warrants are listed on Nasdaq, our Common Stock and Public Warrants qualify as covered securities. Although
states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud. If there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then states can regulate or bar the sale
of covered securities in a particular case. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

The holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock have rights, preferences and privileges that are not
held by, and are preferential to, the rights of holders of our Common Stock. We may be required, under certain circumstances, to repurchase the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock for cash, and such obligations could adversely affect our
liquidity and financial condition. In connection with the Business Combination, we issued 315,789.473684 shares of Series A
Preferred Stock in respect of certain equity securities of Legacy Bridger. The Series A Preferred Stock is convertible non-participating preferred stock, with a conversion price of 11.00 per share and accrues
dividends at a rate of 7.0 per annum (payable in cash or in-kind, subject to specified limitations) to but excluding April 25, 2028, 9.0 per annum from (and including) April 25, 2028 to but excluding April
25, 2029, and 11.00 per annum from (and including) April 25, 2029. In addition, under the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock, we may,
at our option, redeem all or any portion of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock under certain circumstances any time after April 25, 2027, and we must redeem the shares by on or before April 25, 2032. Upon certain fundamental changes to us and
our ownership structure, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock may require us to redeem their shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The redemption price is generally equal to original purchase price of the Series A Preferred Stock plus all accrued
and unpaid dividends thereon, and in certain circumstances, also includes a make-whole payment. Our obligations to the holders of Preferred Stock could also limit our ability to obtain additional financing or increase our borrowing
costs, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. The preferential rights could also result in divergent interests between the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and our common stockholders. If we elect to redeem all or a
portion of the Series A Preferred Stock, our liquidity, financial condition, and amount of cash available for working capital, capital expenditures, growth opportunities, acquisitions, and other general corporate purposes would be adversely
affected. The Series A Preferred Stock may be converted at any time at the option of the holder into shares of our Common Stock. The
conversion price of the Series A Preferred Stock is subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, including in the event of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or similar event. Adjustments to the conversion price could dilute the
ownership interest of our common stockholders. Any conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock may significantly dilute our common stockholders and adversely affect both our net income per share and the market price of our common stock. 
 The holders of Series A Preferred Stock have consent rights over the issuance of any equity securities senior or pari passu with the Series A
Preferred Stock; any amendments to the Amended and Restated Charter that would adversely affect the rights, preferences or privileges of the Series A Preferred Stock; payment of dividends; mergers, consolidations, or a sale of substantially all of
our assets and liquidations, dissolutions and winding up, in certain cases, unless we satisfy certain conditions. Otherwise, holders of the Series A Preferred Stock have no voting rights with respect to the election of directors or other matters
submitted for a vote of holders of our Common Stock. A small number of Bridger s stockholders could significantly influence its business.
 As of the Closing, the executive officers of Bridger and Mr. Matthew Sheehy (a
 co-founder and director of Bridger and the brother of Mr. Timothy Sheehy, the Bridger CEO), collectively beneficially owned 41.4 of the outstanding Common Stock, assuming no shares of Series A Preferred
Stock have been converted. As a result, Bridger will have a small number of significant stockholders who could significantly influence its business and operations. 
 In addition, the BTO Stockholders collectively beneficially owned 22.0 (assuming no shares of Series A Preferred Stock have been converted)
of the outstanding Common Stock as of the Closing. The BTO Stockholders 
 46 

Table of Contents 

may also exercise influence over the business through their rights under the Stockholder Agreement, pursuant to which, among other matters, the BTO stockholders can nominate up to two
(2) directors for election to the Board and require at least one director nominated by the BTO Stockholders to be included on any committee of the Board, in each case subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Stockholders Agreement.
 As indicated above, Bridger has a few significant stockholders who own a substantial percentage of the outstanding Common Stock following
the Business Combination. These few significant stockholders, either individually or acting together, will be able to exercise significant influence over matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of
significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of Bridger or its assets. In addition, Bridger s executive officers and Mr. Matthew Sheehy collectively beneficially own a majority of the outstanding Common Stock
(assuming no shares of Series A Preferred Stock have been converted) and may be able to control the outcome of most matters submitted to Bridger s stockholders for a stockholder vote, including director elections. This concentration of
ownership may make it more difficult for other stockholders to effect substantial changes in Bridger, may have the effect of delaying, preventing or expediting, as the case may be, a change in control of Bridger and may adversely affect the market
price of our Common Stock. Further, the possibility that one or more of these significant stockholders may sell all or a large portion of their Common Stock in a short period of time could adversely affect the trading price of our Common Stock. The
interests of these significant stockholders may not be in the best interests of all stockholders. If our estimates or judgments relating to its
critical accounting policies prove to be incorrect or financial reporting standards or interpretations change, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. We will base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events, and various other factors that it believes to be
reasonable under the circumstances, as provided in the section of this Annual Report entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and
Estimates . The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Significant assumptions and estimates used in preparing our
financial statements include: (a) excess and aging aircraft support parts reserves, (b) allowance for doubtful accounts, (c) useful lives of property, plant and equipment, net (d) impairment of long-lived assets, goodwill and
other intangible assets, (e) disclosure of fair value of financial instruments, (f) variable interest entities, (g) accounting for Legacy Bridger Series A Preferred Shares, Legacy Bridger Series B Preferred Shares and Legacy Bridger
Series C Preferred Shares, (h) revenue recognition, (i) estimates and assumptions made in determining the carrying values of goodwill and other intangible assets and (j) incentive units. Our results of operations may be adversely
affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause its results of operations to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the
trading price of our Common Stock. Additionally, we will regularly monitor its compliance with applicable financial reporting standards
and review new pronouncements and drafts thereof that are relevant to it. As a result of new standards, changes to existing standards and changes in their interpretation, we might be required to change its accounting policies, alter its operational
policies, and implement new or enhance existing systems so that they reflect new or amended financial reporting standards, or we may be required to restate its published financial statements. Such changes to existing standards or changes in their
interpretation may have an adverse effect on its reputation, business, financial position, and profit. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about us or publish negative
reports, then the price of our securities and trading volumes could decline. The trading market for our Common Stock and Warrants
will depend, in part, on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us. We do not have any control over these analysts. If our financial performance fails to meet analyst estimates or one or more of the analysts who
cover us downgrade our Common Stock or change their opinion, then the trading prices of our securities would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility
in the financial markets, which could cause the trading prices of our securities or trading volume to decline. We do not currently intend to pay
dividends on our Common Stock, and, consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation, if any, in the price of our Common Stock. 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividend on our Common Stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the
development, operation and expansion of the business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to the appreciation of their stock. There is no
guarantee that shares of our Common Stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which stockholders have purchased their shares. 
 Volatility in our share price could subject us to securities class action litigation. 
 In the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its
securities. If we face such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which could harm our business. 
 Future sales, or the perception of future sales, of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock and Warrants, by us or our stockholders in the
public market may cause the price of our Common Stock and Warrants to decline. If we or our existing stockholders sell, or
indicate an intention to sell, substantial amounts of shares of our Common Stock or Warrants in the public market, the trading price of our Common Stock or Warrants could decline. In addition, the perception that such sales could occur, could harm
the prevailing market price of shares of our Common Stock or Warrants. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem
appropriate and to raise additional funds through future offerings of our shares of Common Stock or other securities. In addition,
subject to certain exceptions, the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement provide for certain restrictions on transfer with respect to our securities, including founder shares, Private Placement Warrants, and securities held by directors
and officers of JCIC and Legacy Bridger and certain equity holders of Bridger. Such restrictions began on the Closing Date and will end (i) with respect to the founder shares and shares held by certain equity holders of Bridger (other than the
BTO Stockholders), at the earliest of (A) one year after the Closing Date and (B) the first date on which (x) the last reported sale price of a share of our Common Stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share for any 20 trading days
within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Closing Date or (y) JCIC completing a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results
in our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Common Stock for cash, securities or other property; (ii) with respect to the Private Placement Warrants, that are held by the initial purchasers of such warrants (or permitted
transferees under the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement), and any of the shares of our Common Stock issued or issuable upon the exercise or conversion of such warrants and that are held by the initial purchasers of the applicable
warrants being converted (or permitted transferees under the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement), the period ending one year after the Closing and (iii) with respect to the shares held by BTO Stockholders, at the earliest of
(A) six months after the Closing Date and (B) the first date on which (x) the last reported sale price of a share of our Common Stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share for any 20 trading days within any
 30-trading day period or (y) Bridger completing a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in our stockholders having the right to exchange their
shares of our Common Stock for cash, securities or other property. Additionally, we may agree to waive and release the holders of our securities from the applicable restrictions on transfer under the Amended and Restated Registration Rights
Agreement, or to amend the duration of such restrictions on transfer. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

If we agree to waive and release our equityholders subject to
 lock-up restrictions, or as any restrictions on resale end or following the expiration of the applicable lock-up period, such equityholders will not be restricted from
selling shares of our Common Stock held by them, other than by applicable securities laws. As restrictions on resale end, lock-up periods expire or the restrictions described above are otherwise waived, and
registration statements (filed after the Closing Date to provide for the resale of such shares from time to time) are available for use, the sale or possibility of sale of these shares could have the effect of increasing the volatility in the share
price of our Common Stock or the market price of our Common Stock and Warrants could decline if the holders of currently restricted shares sell them or are perceived by the market as intending to sell them. These factors could also make it more
difficult for us to raise additional funds through future offerings of Common Stock or other securities. Warrants are exercisable for our Common
Stock and if exercised will increase the number of shares eligible for future resale in the public market and result in dilution to our stockholders. 
 Outstanding Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 26,650,000 shares of our Common Stock became exercisable in accordance with the terms of the
Warrant Agreement governing those securities. These Warrants became exercisable on February 23, 2023 (30 days after the completion of the Business Combination). The exercise price of these Warrants is 11.50 per share, subject to certain potential
future adjustments. To the extent such warrants are exercised, additional shares of our Common Stock will be issued, which will result in dilution to our holders and increase the number of shares eligible for resale in the public market. Sales of
substantial numbers of such shares in the public market or the fact that the Warrants may be exercised could adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock. The price of our Common Stock may remain below 11.50 until expiration of the Warrant
exercise period and as such, the Warrants may expire worthless. See the section of this Annual Report entitled The price of our Common Stock may remain below 11.50 until expiration of the Warrant exercise period, and the Warrants
may expire worthless and the terms of the Warrants may be amended in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 65 (i) the then-outstanding Public Warrants and/or (ii) the then-outstanding Private Placement Warrants, as
applicable, approve of such amendment . The price of our Common Stock may remain below 11.50 until expiration of the Warrant exercise
period, and the Warrants may expire worthless and the terms of the Warrants may be amended in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 65 of (i) the then-outstanding Public Warrants and/or (ii) the then-outstanding Private
Placement Warrants, as applicable, approve of such amendment. As of the date of this Annual Report, the exercise price for our
Warrants is 11.50 per share of Common Stock. On March 17, 2023, the closing price of our Common Stock on Nasdaq was 4.75 per share. For so long as the market price of our Common Stock is below the exercise price of our Warrants 11.50 per share),
our Warrants remain out-of-the money, and our Warrant Holders are unlikely to cash exercise their Warrants, resulting in little or no cash proceeds to us.
There can be no assurance that our Warrants will be in the money prior to their January 24, 2028 expiration date, and therefore, we may not receive any proceeds from the exercise of Warrants to fund our operations. 
 In addition, the Warrants were issued in registered form under the Existing Warrant Agreement, dated January 26, 2021, by and between
Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as Warrant Agent, and JCIC, which was assumed by the Company by virtue of the Warrant Assumption Agreement, dated January 24, 2023, the Company. The Warrant Agreement provides that the terms of
the Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision but requires the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then-outstanding Public Warrants to make any other change that
affects the interests of the registered holders of Public Warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the Public Warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 65 of the then-outstanding Public Warrants approve of such
amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the Public Warrants with the consent of at least 65 of the then-outstanding Public
Warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the Warrants, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of
a Warrant. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

We may redeem your unexpired Warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to
you, thereby making your Warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem the outstanding Warrants at any time and prior to
their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant if, among other things, the last reported sale price of our Common Stock for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day
prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (the Reference Value equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like). If and when the Warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a
result, we may redeem the Warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the Warrants. Redemption of the outstanding Warrants as described above could force you to: (i) exercise your Warrants and pay the
exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so; (ii) sell your Warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your Warrants; or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price
which, at the time the outstanding Warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your Warrants. 
 In addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding Warrants at any time and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per Warrant
if, among other things, the Reference Value equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganization, recapitalizations and the like). In such case, the holders will be able to
exercise their Warrants prior to the redemption for a number of shares of our Common Stock determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Common Stock. 
 We have no obligation to notify holders of the Warrants that they have become eligible for redemption. However, pursuant to the Warrant
Agreement, in the event we decide to redeem the Warrants, we are required to mail notice of such redemption to the registered warrant holders not less than 30 days prior to the redemption date. The Warrants may be exercised any time after notice of
redemption is given and prior to the redemption date. None of the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by JCIC Sponsor or its permitted transferees; provided the Private Placement Warrants may be redeemed in
accordance with the Warrant Agreement (and must be redeemed if the Public Warrants are being redeemed) if the Reference Value equals or exceeds 10.00 per share and does not equal or exceed 18.00 per share. 
 The exclusive forum clause set forth in the Warrant Agreement may have the effect of limiting an investor s rights to bring legal action against us
and could limit the investor s ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. The Warrant Agreement
provides that (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the Warrant Agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York and (ii) we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be exclusive. We have waived or will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. We
note, however, that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce these provisions and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the Securities Act
creates concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the Warrant Agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty
created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in
any of the Warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in the Warrant Agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope of the forum provisions of the Warrant Agreement, is filed
in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of the Warrants such holder shall be deemed to have consented
to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce
the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such
warrant holder. This choice-of-forum provision may limit
a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of the Warrant Agreement inapplicable or
unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. General
Risk Factors The COVID-19 pandemic or other future global health emergencies may materially and
adversely impact our business, operating results, financial condition and liquidity. If the impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic extend beyond our assumed timelines or new global health emergencies emerge, our
actual results may vary significantly from our expectations. In response to the spread of
 COVID-19, in 2020 the United States government, state governments, local governments, foreign governments and private industries took measures to limit social interactions in an effort to limit the spread of COVID-19, including stay in place orders for their residents. Although many of these restrictions have been lifted, the effects of the spread of COVID-19 and the
government and private responses to the spread continue to rapidly evolve, including in response to new COVID-19 strains or other potential global health emergencies. 
 COVID-19 has caused significant disruptions to the global, national and State economy. The extent to
which COVID-19 impacts the Company s operations and their financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the duration of the outbreak
and measures taken to address the outbreak. For example, as mentioned above, the carding and registration process for the first two Viking Air CL-415EAFs delivered to the Company were delayed by three months
as a result of restrictions put in place due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, the Viking
Air CL-415EAF aircraft are produced at a manufacturer in Canada. Canada has highly specific COVID-19 safeguards and governmental orders in place (and may place more
restrictions in place in the future) that could adversely affect the timing of delivery of future Viking Air CL-415EAF aircraft. 
 Net earnings and net assets could be materially affected by an impairment of goodwill. 
 We have, or in the future may have, a significant amount of goodwill recorded on our consolidated balance sheet. We are required at least
annually to test the recoverability of goodwill. The recoverability test of goodwill is based on the current fair value of our identified reporting units. Fair value measurement requires assumptions and estimates of many critical factors, including
revenue and market growth, operating cash flows and discount rates. If general market conditions deteriorate in portions of our business, we could experience a significant decline in the fair value of reporting units. This decline could lead to an
impairment of all or a significant portion of the goodwill balance, which could materially affect our U.S. GAAP net earnings and net assets. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

Changes in tax laws or regulations may increase tax uncertainty and adversely affect results of our
operations and our effective tax rate. The Company is subject to taxes in the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions.
Due to economic and political conditions, tax rates in various jurisdictions, including the United States, may be subject to change. The Company s future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with
differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and changes in tax laws or their interpretation. In addition, the Company may be or become subject to income tax audits by various tax jurisdictions. For
example, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which was recently enacted, imposed a 1 excise tax on certain share repurchases by publicly traded corporations, which may apply to share repurchases by the Company in the future, and imposed a 15 
minimum tax on certain large corporations. Although the Company believes its income tax liabilities are reasonably estimated and accounted for in accordance with applicable laws and principles, an adverse resolution by one or more taxing authorities
could have a material impact on the results of its operations. Certain U.S. state tax authorities may assert that we have a state nexus and seek to
impose state and local income taxes which could harm our results of operations. There is a risk that certain state tax
authorities where we do not currently file a state income tax return could assert that we are liable for state and local income taxes based upon income or gross receipts allocable to such states. States are becoming increasingly aggressive in
asserting a nexus for state income tax purposes. If a state tax authority successfully asserts that our activities give rise to a nexus, we could be subject to state and local taxation, including penalties and interest attributable to prior periods.
Such tax assessments, penalties and interest may adversely impact our results of operations. The Amended and Restated Charter requires, to the
fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of
Chancery in the State of Delaware, which may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders. 
 The Amended and Restated Charter provides that, unless a majority of the Board of Directors, acting on behalf of Bridger, consents in writing
to the selection of an alternative forum (which consent may be given at any time, including during the pendency of litigation), the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, another state
court located within the State of Delaware or, if no court located within the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware), to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall be the sole and exclusive forum
for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer or other employee of the Corporation to the
Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any of its directors, officers or other employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the Amended and Restated Charter
or the Amended and Restated Bylaws (in each case, as may be amended from time to time), (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any of its directors, officers or other employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the
State of Delaware or (v) any other action asserting an internal corporate claim, as defined in Section 115 of the DGCL, in all cases subject to the court s having personal jurisdiction over all indispensable parties named
as defendants. Unless a majority of the Board, acting on behalf of the Corporation, consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum (which consent may be given at any time, including during the pendency of litigation), the federal
district courts of the United States of America, to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any action asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

We believe these provisions may benefit us by providing increased consistency in the
application of Delaware law and federal securities laws by chancellors and judges, as applicable, particularly experienced in resolving corporate disputes, efficient administration of cases on a more expedited schedule relative to other forums and
protection against the burdens of multi-forum litigation. Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions of the Amended and Restated Charter inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or
proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and
resources of our management and Board of Directors. For example, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act
or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such a forum selection provision as written in connection with claims arising under the Securities Act. 
 We may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our
financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 
 Factors outside of our control may, at any time, arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in reporting losses. Unexpected risks may arise, and previously known risks may materialize. Even though these charges
may be non-cash items and therefore not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, we must report charges of this nature which could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In
addition, charges of this nature may cause us to be unable to obtain future financing on favorable terms or at all. 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 Our headquarters are located in Belgrade, Montana, and our aircraft fleet resides at the Bozeman Yellowstone International Airport. We lease
five existing lots at the airport on 20-year and 10-year ground leases. We own two hangars and plan to construct two additional hangars adjacent to our existing hangars.

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 We are, from time to time, subject to various claims, lawsuits and other legal and administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course of
business. Some of these claims, lawsuits and other proceedings may involve highly complex issues that are subject to substantial uncertainties, and could result in damages, fines, penalties, non-monetary 
sanctions or relief. However, we do not consider any such claims, lawsuits or proceedings that are currently pending, individually or in the aggregate, to be material to our business or likely to result in a material adverse effect on our future
operating results, financial condition or cash flows. 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities Market Information 
 Our Common Stock and Warrants are currently listed on Nasdaq Global Market under the symbols BAER and BAERW, 
respectively. Prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, the JCIC Units, JCIC Class A Ordinary Shares and the JCIC Warrants were listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols JCICU, JCIC, and
 JCICW, respectively. Holders 
 As of March 17, 2023, there were 30 stockholders of record of our Common Stock and 2 stockholders of record of our Warrants. This figure does
not include an estimate of the indeterminate number of street name or beneficial holders whose shares may be held of record by brokerage firms and clearing agencies. 
 Dividend Policy The Company has not paid
any cash dividends on our Common Stock, Series A Preferred Stock or the Warrants to date. Any determination to pay cash dividends or to institute a dividend policy will be at the discretion of the Board and will depend upon a number of factors,
including the Company s results of operations, financial condition, future prospects, contractual restrictions, covenants in the agreements governing current and future indebtedness, industry trends, restrictions imposed by applicable law and
other factors the Board deems relevant. It is the Company s present intention to retain any future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of the business, and the Company does not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends
on our Common Stock for the foreseeable future. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled
to receive dividends from the Company to be paid twice a year, in cash or, at the election of the Company, by increasing the per share liquidation preference for such shares of Series A Preferred Stock (such liquidation preference is equal to the
initial issuance price plus all accrued and unpaid dividends, whether or not declared). The dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock accrue daily and are computed on the basis of a 365-day year, at a
compounding rate initially anticipated to be 7.00 per annum. Such rate will increase to 9.00 per for the period from (and including) April 25, 2028 to (but excluding) April 25, 2029 and eventually will increase to 11.00 per annum from and after
April 25, 2029 and subject to further increase upon the occurrence of certain events. No dividends shall be paid or payable to any other holders of the Company s capital stock unless and until the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock have
received cumulative distributions equal to the aggregate liquidation preference of the Series A Preferred Stock. For more information see the exhibit to this Annual Report entitled Description of Securities in the section
entitled Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock . Performance Graph 
 Not applicable. Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities None. Recent Sales of
Unregistered Securities None. 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 Not applicable. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
 The following discussion and analysis is intended to help you understand our business, financial condition,
results of operations, liquidity and capital resources. The discussion should be read together with the historical audited annual consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes
thereto, that are included elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon our current expectations, estimates and projections that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ
materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements due to, among other considerations, the matters discussed in the sections entitled Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements. Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this section to Bridger, the Company, we, us, our, and other similar terms refer to the business of Legacy Bridger
and its subsidiaries prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, and the Company and its subsidiaries following the consummation of the Business Combination that occurred on January 24, 2023. 
 Business Overview Bridger provides
aerial wildfire surveillance, relief, suppression and aerial firefighting services using next-generation technology and environmentally friendly and sustainable firefighting methods primarily throughout the United States. Our mission is to save
lives, property and habitats threatened by wildfires, leveraging our high-quality team, specialized aircraft and innovative use of technology and data. We are meeting an underserved and growing need for next-generation full-service aerial
firefighting platforms. Our portfolio is organized across two core offerings: 

Fire Suppression: Consists of deploying specialized Super Scooper aircraft to drop large amounts of water quickly
and directly on wildfires. 

Aerial Surveillance: Consists of providing aerial surveillance for fire suppression aircraft over an incident and
providing tactical coordination with the incident commander. Aerial surveillance uses both manned aircraft and unmanned aircraft. 
 We manage our operations as a single segment for purposes of assessing performance, making operating decisions and allocating resources. 
 We have made and will continue to make significant investments in capital expenditures to build and expand our aerial forest fire management
technologies. We expect that our existing cash and cash equivalents provided by equity and debt financing will be sufficient to meet our current working capital and capital expenditure requirements for a period of at least twelve months from the
date of this Annual Report. The Business Combination 
 On January 24, 2023 we consummated the Business Combination. As a result of the Business Combination, Legacy Bridger and JCIC each became
wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, and the JCIC shareholders and Legacy Bridger Equityholders converted their equity ownership in JCIC and Legacy Bridger, respectively, into equity ownership in the Company. Legacy Bridger has been determined
to be the accounting acquirer with respect to the Business Combination, which will be accounted for as a reverse recapitalization, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded, in accordance with GAAP. 
 Upon consummation of the Business Combination, the most significant change in Legacy Bridger s future reported financial position and
results of operations was a gross decrease in cash and cash equivalents (as compared to Legacy Bridger s balance sheet at December 31, 2022), of approximately 17.0 million. Total direct and incremental transaction costs of Bridger,
JCIC and Legacy Bridger paid at Closing were approximately 16.6 million and will be treated as a reduction of the cash proceeds and deducted from our additional paid-in capital. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

Public Company Costs 
 We have become the successor to an SEC-registered and Nasdaq-listed company, which has required, and in
the future may require, us to hire additional staff and implement procedures and processes to address public company regulatory requirements and customary practices. We have incurred and expect to incur additional annual expenses for, among other
things, directors and officers liability insurance, director fees and additional internal and external accounting, legal and administrative resources and fees. 
 Key Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations 
 We are exposed to certain risks inherent to an aerial firefighting business. These risks are further described in the section entitled
 Risk Factors in this Annual Report. Seasonality Due to the North American Fire Season 
 Our operating results are impacted by seasonality. Climate conditions and other factors that may influence the revenues of our services may
vary each season and year. Historically, the demand for our services has been higher in the second and third quarters of each fiscal year due to the timing and duration of the North American fire season. Consequently, revenues, expenses and
operating cash flows from our services are generated mostly in the second and third quarters of our fiscal year. However, the seasonal fluctuations in the need to fight wildfires based upon location and the varying intensity of the fire season may
lead our operating results to fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year. Weather Conditions and Climate Trends 
 Our business is highly dependent on the needs of government agencies to surveil and suppress fires. As such, our financial condition and
results of operations are significantly affected by the weather, as well as environmental and other factors affecting climate change, which impact the number and severity of fires in any given period. The intensity and duration of the North American
fire season is affected by multiple factors, some of which, according to the Climate Central Article, a nonprofit climate science news organization, are weather patterns including warmer springs and longer summers, lower levels of mountaintop
snowpack which lead to drier soils and vegetation and frequency of lightning strikes. Based on the climate change indicators published by the EPA, these factors have shown year over year increases linked to the effects of climate change and the
overall trend in increased temperatures. We believe that rising global temperatures have been, and in the future are expected to be, one factor contributing to increasing rates and severity of wildfires. Historically, sales of our services have been
higher in the summer season of each fiscal year due to weather patterns which are generally correlated to a higher prevalence of wildfires in North America. Larger wildfires and longer seasons are expected to continue as droughts increase in
frequency and duration, according to the EPA Climate Change Indicators Article. For example, revenue was lower than the Bridger
management team initially anticipated for 2022 due to a less intense wildfire season. In 2022, about 7.6 million acres of U.S. land had burned, according to the 2022 annual report by the NCEI, up 7.6 from the 2001-2020 average for the same
period. However, the number of wildfires during 2022 was down 3.6 from the 2001-2020 average for the same period. Additionally, according to data from the NIFC, the average national wildland fire preparedness levels per month in 2022 reached a high
of Level 4. In the same period in 2021 and 2020, the average national preparedness levels per month reached a high of Level 5. This decrease in the U.S. national level of fire preparedness in 2022 may be partially attributed to the Western
United States, which experienced one of the slowest wildfire seasons in recent years, according to the WSJ Wildfire Season Article, due to increased and timely precipitation and cooler temperatures. 
 Limited Supply of Specialized Aircraft and Replacement and Maintenance Parts 
 Our results of operations are dependent on sufficient availability of aircraft, raw materials and supplied components provided by a limited
number of suppliers. Our reliance on limited suppliers exposes us to volatility in the prices and availability of these materials which may lead to increased costs and delays in operations. 
 In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared a global pandemic related to the outbreak of a respiratory illness caused by COVID-19. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, in 2020, 2021 and 2022 we experienced delays on the delivery 
 56 

Table of Contents 

of aircraft. Should such conditions become protracted or worsen or should longer-term budgets or priorities of our clients be impacted, the COVID-19 
pandemic could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Given the dynamic nature of the COVID-19 pandemic and its global consequences, the ultimate impact on our
operations, cash flows and financial condition cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. The outbreak of COVID-19 may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in the section
entitled Risk Factors in this Annual Report, such as those related to the market for our securities and cross-border transactions. 
 Economic and Market Factors Our
operations, supply chain, partners and suppliers have been subject to various global macroeconomic factors. We expect to continue to remain vulnerable to a number of industry-specific and global macroeconomic factors that may cause our actual
results of operations to differ from our historical results of operations or current expectations. The factors and trends that we currently believe are or will be most impactful to our results of operations and financial condition include the
following: the adverse impacts of the ongoing COVID-19 global pandemic; the impact on us of significant operational challenges by third parties on which we rely; inflationary pressures; short- and long-term
weather patterns; potential labor and supply chain shortages affecting us and our partners; volatile fuel prices; aircraft delivery delays; and changes in general economic conditions in the markets in which we operate. 
 Historically, our results of operations have not been materially impacted by other factors. We continue to monitor the potential favorable or
unfavorable impacts of these and other factors on our business, operations, financial condition and future results of operations, which are dependent on future developments. Our future results of operations may be subject to volatility and our
growth plans may be delayed, particularly in the short term, due to the impact of the above factors and trends. For instance, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic directly affected the delivery of our aircraft
and the support related to their deployment while on contract. Deployment of two Super Scoopers was delayed in 2020 as a result of the FAA s transition to a work-from-home environment and a reduction in its ability to process carding and
registration matters; two other Super Scoopers were delayed as a result of modified manufacturing procedures at the OEM in response to COVID-19 that increased production time, which we understood was
compounded by the OEM s delays in receiving certain parts and components; and prior production delays pushed completion and delivery of another two Super Scoopers later in 2022 and early 2023 than we had previously anticipated receiving them.
However, we believe that our long-term outlook remains positive due to the increasing demand for our services and our ability to meet those demands consistently, despite adverse market factors. We believe that this expected long-term increase in
demand will offset increased costs and that the operational challenges we may experience in the near term can be managed in a manner that will allow us to support increased demand, though we cannot provide any assurances. 
 Under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP established by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES
Act ), on April 16, 2020, a Company SBA loan application was approved, and we received loan proceeds in the amount of 0.8 million. The loan was forgiven in 2021. 
 Key Components of Our Results of Operations 
 Revenue Our primary source of
revenue is from providing services, which are disaggregated into fire suppression, aerial surveillance and other services. Revenue and growth for our fire suppression and aerial surveillance services is driven by climate trends, specifically the
intensity and timing of the North American fire season. Other services primarily consist of extraneous fulfillment of contractual services such as extended availability and mobilizations. Other services also include maintenance services performed
externally for third parties. We charge daily and hourly rates depending upon the type of firefighting service rendered and under which
contract the services are performed. The recognition of revenue for our services are primarily split into flight, standby and other revenues. Flight revenue is primarily earned at an hourly rate when the engines of the aircraft are cycled, upon
request of the customer. Standby revenue is primarily earned as a daily rate when aircraft are available for use at a fire base, awaiting request from the customer for flight deployment. Other revenue consists of additional contractual items that
can be charged to the customer, such as leasing revenues for facilities, as well as maintenance and repair on externally owned aircraft. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

Cost of Revenues 
 Cost of revenues includes costs incurred directly related to flight operations including expenses associated with operating the aircraft on
revenue generating contracts. These include labor, depreciation, subscriptions and fees, travel and fuel. Cost of revenues also includes maintenance expenses for our aircraft including costs of routine maintenance expenses and repairs. This consists
of labor, parts, consumables, travel and subscriptions unique to each airframe. Selling, General and Administrative Expense 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses include all costs that are not directly related to satisfaction of customer contracts. Selling,
general and administrative expenses include costs for our administrative functions, such as finance, legal, human resources, IT support and business development costs that include contract procurement, public relations and business opportunity
advancement. These functions include costs for items such as salaries and benefits and other personnel-related costs, maintenance and supplies, professional fees for external legal, accounting, and other consulting services, insurance, intangible
asset amortization and depreciation expense. Selling, general and administrative expenses also contain any gain or loss on the disposal of fixed assets. 
 Interest Expense Interest expense
consists of interest expense related to our loan agreements, liability classified Legacy Bridger Series B Preferred Shares (all of the issued and outstanding shares of which have been fully redeemed as of December 31, 2022), and interest rate
swaps agreements. Interest expense also includes amortization of debt issuance costs associated with our loan agreements. Refer to discussion of our loan commitments further below under the section of this Annual Report entitled
 Liquidity and Capital Resources Indebtedness. Other Income 
 Other income consists of interest income, forgiveness of loan from the PPP established by the CARES Act and loss on debt extinguishment. This
also includes the reimbursement from an insurance claim against a damaged asset. Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2022 to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 The following table sets forth our consolidated statement of operations information for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and
should be reviewed in conjunction with the financial statements and notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

(All amounts in U.S. dollars) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Period Over Period Change ) 

Period Over Period Change ) 

Total revenues 

46,387,963 

39,384,182 

7,003,781 

18 

Cost of revenues: 

Flight operations 

18,762,172 

15,823,713 

2,938,459 

19 

Maintenance 

15,123,806 

10,755,471 

4,368,335 

41 

Total cost of revenues 

33,885,978 

26,579,184 

7,306,794 

27 

Gross profit 

12,501,985 

12,804,998 

(303,013) 

(2) 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expense 

35,128,322 

11,215,027 

23,913,295 

213 

Operating (loss) income 

(22,626,337) 

1,589,971 

(24,216,308) 

(1,523) 

Interest expense 

(20,017,177) 

(9,293,928) 

(10,723,249) 

115 

Other income 

521,555 

1,163,160 

(641,605) 

(55) 

Net loss 

(42,121,959) 

(6,540,797) 

(35,581,162) 

544 

58 

Table of Contents 

(All amounts in U.S. dollars) 
 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2021 

Legacy Bridger Series C Preferred Shares adjustment to maximum value 

(200,505,236) 

Legacy Bridger Series A Preferred Shares adjustment for redemption, extinguishment and accrued
interest 

(85,663,336) 

(15,913,184) 

Net loss attributable to common shareholders basic and diluted 

(328,290,531) 

(22,453,981) 

Net loss per share attributable to common shareholders basic and diluted 

(8.15) 

(0.56) 

Revenue 
 Revenue increased by 7.0 million, or 18 , to 46.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 39.4 million for
the year ended December 31, 2021. The following table shows revenues by service offering for each period. 

(All amounts in U.S. dollars) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Period Over Period Change ) 

Period Over Period Change ) 

Fire suppression 

38,845,227 

30,442,001 

8,403,226 

28 

Aerial surveillance 

7,215,997 

8,632,535 

(1,416,538) 

(16) 
 
 Other services 

326,739 

309,646 

17,093 

6 

Total revenues 

46,387,963 

39,384,182 

7,003,781 

18 

Fire suppression revenue increased by 8.4 million, or 28 , to 38.8 million for the year ended
December 31, 2022, from 30.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily driven by the addition of two additional Super Scooper aircraft placed into service during the year ended December 31, 2022,
which was partially offset by a decrease in revenue attributable to existing Super Scooper aircraft as a result of the decreased number of fires with high-incident levels in 2022 compared to 2021. The increase in fire suppression revenue accounted
for 120 of the total increase in revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. Aerial surveillance revenue decreased by
 1.4 million, or 16 , to 7.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 8.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by the decreased number of fires with high-incident levels
in 2022 compared to 2021. Other services revenue decreased 6 , to 0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from
 0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The slight decrease was primarily driven by decreased maintenance services. 
 The following table shows revenues by revenue type for each period. 

(All amounts in U.S. dollars) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Period Over Period Change ) 

Period Over Period Change ) 

Flight revenue 

25,105,027 

20,377,442 

4,727,585 

23 

Standby revenue 

20,772,018 

18,550,067 

2,221,951 

12 

Other revenue 

510,918 

456,673 

54,245 

12 

Total revenues 

46,387,963 

39,384,182 

7,003,781 

18 

59 

Table of Contents 

Flight revenue increased by 4.7 million, or 23 , to 25.1 million for the year
ended December 31, 2022, from 20.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily driven by the increased number of Super Scooper aircraft flying on deployment. 
 Standby revenue increased by 2.2 million, or 12 , to 20.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from
 18.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily driven by the increased number of Super Scooper aircraft available for deployment. 
 Other revenue increased by 0.1 million, or 12 , to 0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 0.5 million
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily driven by additional contractual items charged to the customer with an increased number of Super Scooper aircraft on deployment. 
 Cost of Revenues Cost of revenues
increased by 7.3 million, or 27 , to 33.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 26.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, due to the following drivers: 
 Flight Operations Flight operations
expenses increased by 2.9 million, or 19 , to 18.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 15.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was partially attributable to higher depreciation of
 1.4 million and subscription, licenses and fees expenses of 0.2 million primarily as a result of two additional Super Scooper aircraft placed into service in 2022. The increase was also partially due to higher personnel and travel
expenses of 1.5 million mostly attributable to increased travel and the number of personnel required for a full season of flight deployment. The increase was partially offset by a decrease in aircraft leasing expenses due to a lower
utilization of leased aircraft. Maintenance 
 Maintenance expenses increased by 4.4 million, or 41 , to 15.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from
 10.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was partially driven by higher subscriptions, licenses and fees of 1.5 million mostly attributable to the additional two Super Scooper aircraft placed into service in
2022. The increase was also partially attributable to higher personnel and travel expenses of 1.7 million due to increased travel and the number of personnel required for a full season of flight deployment. The increase was also partially
driven by an increase in aircraft maintenance of 0.7 million in 2022. Selling, General and Administrative Expense 
 Selling, general and administrative expense increased by 23.9 million, or 213 , to 35.1 million for the year ended
December 31, 2022, from 11.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was partially driven by higher personnel expenses of 16.5 million which included 10.1 million of transaction related bonuses for
employees and executives in connection with the issuance of the Legacy Bridger Series C Preferred Shares, issuance of the Series 2022 Bonds, execution of the Transaction Agreements and initial filing of the proxy statement/prospectus prepared in
connection with the Business Combination. The increase was also partially driven by higher professional services of 5.3 million associated primarily with third-party consultants and auditors fees to support the growth of the business and
preparation of becoming a public company upon the consummation of the Business Combination, as well as advertising and public relation services. The increase was also partially attributable to the loss on disposal of two aging aircraft and other
rotables of 1.8 million. Interest Expense 
 Interest expense increased by 10.7 million, or 115 , to 20.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from
 9.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily driven by the additional interest expense for Legacy Bridger Series A Preferred Shares of 3.9 million, decrease in interest expense for Legacy Bridger
Series B Preferred Shares of 2.8 million and the additional interest expense for the Series 2022 Bonds of 7.8 million. Refer to discussion of our loan commitments further below under the section of this Annual Report entitled
 Liquidity and Capital Resources Indebtedness . 
 60 

Table of Contents 

Other Income 
 Other income decreased by 0.6 million, or 55 , to 0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 1.2 million for
the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was driven by the loss on extinguishment of Series 2021 Bond of 0.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, versus a gain on the forgiveness of our PPP debt of 0.8 million in
the year ended December 31, 2021. Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Although we believe that net income or loss, as determined in accordance with GAAP, is the most appropriate earnings measure, we use EBITDA and
Adjusted EBITDA as key profitability measures to assess the performance of our business. We believe these measures help illustrate underlying trends in our business and use the measures to establish budgets and operational goals, and communicate
internally and externally, for managing our business and evaluating its performance. We also believe these measures help investors compare our operating performance with its results in prior periods in a way that is consistent with how management
evaluates such performance. Each of the profitability measures described below are not recognized under GAAP and do not purport to be an
alternative to net income or loss determined in accordance with GAAP as a measure of our performance. Such measures have limitations as analytical tools and you should not consider any of such measures in isolation or as substitutes for our results
as reported under GAAP. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA exclude items that can have a significant effect on our profit or loss and should, therefore, be used only in conjunction with our GAAP profit or loss for the period. Our management compensates for
the limitations of using non-GAAP financial measures by using them to supplement GAAP results to provide a more complete understanding of the factors and trends affecting the business than GAAP results alone.
Because not all companies use identical calculations, these measures may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA EBITDA
is a non-GAAP profitability measure that represents net income or loss for the period before the impact of the interest expense, income tax expense (benefit) and depreciation and amortization of property,
plant and equipment and intangible assets. EBITDA eliminates potential differences in performance caused by variations in capital structures (affecting financing expenses), the cost and age of tangible assets (affecting relative depreciation
expense) and the extent to which intangible assets are identifiable (affecting relative amortization expense). Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP profitability measure that represents EBITDA before certain items that are considered to hinder comparison of the performance of our businesses on a period-over-period basis or with other businesses. During
the periods presented, we exclude from Adjusted EBITDA losses on disposals of assets and legal fees related to financing transactions, which include costs that are required to be expensed in accordance with GAAP. In addition, we exclude from
Adjusted EBITDA certain nonrecurring items that we do not consider indicative of our ongoing performance, such as the one-time discretionary bonus payments made to certain employees and executives in
connection with the issuance of the Legacy Bridger Series C Preferred Shares, issuance of the Series 2022 Bonds, the execution of the Transaction Agreements and initial filing of the proxy statement/prospectus prepared in connection with the
Business Combination, loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, and stock-based compensation. Our management believes that the inclusion of supplementary adjustments to EBITDA applied in presenting Adjusted EBITDA are appropriate to provide additional
information to investors about certain material non-cash items and about unusual items that we do not expect to continue at the same level in the future. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

The following table reconciles net loss, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, to
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2021 

Period Over 
 Period Change ) 

Period Over 
 Period 
 Change ) 

Net loss 

(42,121,959) 

(6,540,797) 

(35,581,162) 

544 

Depreciation and amortization 

9,091,219 

6,673,685 

2,417,534 

36 

Interest expense 

20,017,177 

9,293,928 

10,723,249 

115 

EBITDA 

(13,013,563) 

9,426,816 

(22,440,379) 

(238) 

Loss on disposals (i) 

1,769,732 

995,528 

774,204 

78 

Legal Fees (ii) 

110,000 

(110,000) 

(100) 
 
 Offering costs (iii) 

2,961,643 

2,961,643 

Loss (gain) on extinguishment of
debt (iv) 

844,925 

(774,300) 

1,619,225 

(209) 
 
 Discretionary bonuses to employees and
executives (v) 

10,136,530 

10,136,530 

Stock-based compensation (vi) 

9,224 

9,224 

Business development (vii) 

953,994 

953,994 

Adjusted EBITDA 

3,662,485 

9,758,044 

(6,095,559) 

(62) 

Net loss margin (viii) 

(91) 

(17) 

Adjusted EBITDA margin (viii) 

8 

25 

(i) 
 Represented loss on the disposal or obsolescence of aging aircraft. 

(ii) 
 Represents one-time costs associated with legal fees for infrequent or
unusual transactions that were not capitalizable per GAAP. 

(iii) 
 Represents one-time professional service fees related to the
preparation for the Business Combination that have been expensed during the period. 

(iv) 
 Represents loss on extinguishment of debt related to the Series 2021 Bond and forgiveness of the PPP loan.

(v) 
 Represents one-time discretionary bonuses to certain employees and
executives of Bridger in connection with the issuance of the Legacy Bridger Series C Preferred Shares, issuance of the Series 2022 Bonds, execution of the Transaction Agreements and initial filing of the proxy statement/ prospectus prepared in
connection with the Business Combination . 

(vi) 
 Represents stock-based compensation expense recognized of the incentive units granted to selected board members
and executives. 

(vii) 
 Represents expenses related to potential acquisition targets and additional business lines.

(viii) 
 Net loss margin represents Net loss divided by Total revenue and Adjusted EBITDA margin represents Adjusted
EBITDA divided by Total revenue. Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Cash and Marketable Securities As
of December 31, 2022, our principal sources of liquidity were cash and cash equivalents of 30.2 million which were held for working capital purposes and restricted cash of 12.3 million. The restricted cash was procured through a
county bond and is accessed for financing capital projects. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 55.0 million of investments in debt securities classified as
 available-for-sale with short-term maturities of less than one year and carried at fair value. The Company s available-for-sale securities investment portfolio is primarily invested in highly rated securities, with the primary objective of minimizing the potential risk of principal loss. 
 In connection with the Business Combination, stockholders owning 34,245,643 shares of JCIC Class A Ordinary Shares exercised their rights
to have those shares redeemed for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.16 per share, or an aggregate of 347.8 million. Following the payment of redemptions and expenses related to the Trust Account, there was approximately
 2.4 million in remaining cash in the Trust Account, which was paid to UBS Securities LLC as a portion of its deferred underwriting fee from the JCIC IPO. 
 As a result, we did not receive any cash proceeds from the Business Combination. Total direct and incremental transaction costs of Bridger,
JCIC and Legacy Bridger paid at Closing were approximately 16.6 million. We may receive up to 306.5 million from the exercise
of the Warrants after the Closing, assuming the exercise in full of all the Warrants for cash, but not from the sale of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such exercise. On March 17, 2023, the closing price of our Common Stock was 4.75 per
share. For so long as the market price of our Common Stock is below the exercise price of our Warrants 11.50 per share), our Warrants remain out-of-the 
money, and our Warrant Holders are unlikely to cash exercise their Warrants, resulting in little or no cash proceeds to us. There can be no assurance that our Warrants will be in the money prior to their January 24, 2028 expiration date,
and therefore, we may not receive any cash proceeds from the exercise of our Warrants to fund our operations. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

Even if the Warrants remain
 out-of-the-money , we believe that our cash on hand and debt securities will be sufficient to meet our working capital
and capital expenditure requirements for a period of at least twelve months from the date of this Annual Report. In considering our capital requirements and sources of liquidity, we have not relied on the receipt of proceeds from the Business
Combination or from the exercise of our Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants. For so long as the exercise price of our Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants exceeds the trading prices for shares of our Common Stock, it is unlikely
that we will receive significant proceeds, if any, from the exercise of the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants in the near future. Nonetheless, we believe we will be sufficiently funded, and will not require substantial additional funds
for operations in order to meet our short-term liquidity needs and the execution of our business plan for at least twelve months from the date of this Annual Report. Refer to the discussion further below under the section entitled Liquidity
and Capital Resources Contractual Obligations . While we do not need to raise capital in order to fund our current
operations for at least twelve months from the date of this Annual Report, we may in the future seek to raise additional funds through various potential sources, such as equity and debt financing for general corporate purposes or for specific
purposes, including in order to pursue growth initiatives. Due to the gross decrease in cash and cash equivalents (as compared to Legacy Bridger s balance sheet at December 31, 2022), of approximately 13.6 million as a result of the
Business Combination, we would anticipate the need to raise additional funds through equity or debt financing (or the issuance of stock as acquisition consideration) to pursue any significant acquisition opportunity, at the time of such acquisition
opportunity. Our ability to generate proceeds from equity financings will significantly depend on the market price of our Common Stock. 
 Indebtedness As of
December 31, 2022, we held 22.1 million of current liabilities, 16.5 million of which was accrued expenses and other current liabilities. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we held 206.3 million of long-term liabilities with 205.5 million of total long-term debt, net of
debt issuance costs, which are comprised of the Series 2022 Bonds, eight (8) support vehicle loans, two (2) hangar loans and three (3) loans on six (6) aircraft. 
 Rocky Mountain Bank Loans Through
certain of our subsidiaries, we entered into two credit facilities with Rocky Mountain Bank to finance in part (i) the construction of airplane hangars on September 30, 2019 and (ii) the purchase of four Quest Kodiak aircraft on
February 3, 2020. In connection with such credit facilities, we also entered into various term loan and other long-term debt agreements which contain certain financial covenants, including, that we maintain (i) a debt service coverage ratio
that exceeds 1.25x (generally calculated as the ratio of the net operating income over the debt service payments made or as the ratio of adjusted EBITDA over the aggregate amount of interest and principal payments, in each case, as determined in the
applicable agreement) and (ii) certain senior leverage ratios that do not exceed 7.00x through the third quarter of 2024, 6.00x through the third quarter of 2025, or 5.00x thereafter (generally calculated as the ratio of the senior funded debt
over EBITDA, as determined in the applicable agreement). We were not considered in violation of the debt service coverage ratio and the senior leverage ratio requirements as of December 31, 2022. 
 Series 2022 Bonds On July 21, 2022,
we closed our Series 2022 Bond Offering in a taxable industrial development revenue bond transaction with Gallatin County, Montana for 160.0 million. Pursuant to the Series 2022 Bond Offering, Gallatin County issued 135.0 million of
bonds on July 21, 2022 and an additional 25.0 million of bonds on August 10, 2022. The proceeds from the offering, together with cash on hand, were used to redeem the capital contributions plus accrued interest for all of the
remaining Legacy Bridger Series A-1 Preferred Shares and Legacy Bridger Series A-2 Preferred Shares totaling 134.0 million, the principal plus accrued interest for
the Series 2021 Bond, totaling 7.7 million, to finance the construction and equipping of the Company s third and fourth aircraft hangars in Belgrade, Montana and to fund the purchase of additional CL415EAF aircraft. The Series 2022 Bonds
mature on September 1, 2027, 
 63 

Table of Contents 

with an annual interest rate of 11.5 . Interest will be payable semiannually on March 1 and September 1 of each year until maturity and commenced on September 1, 2022. Debt
issuance costs for the Series 2022 Bonds was 4.2 million. Optional Redemption We may redeem the Series 2022
Bonds (i) during the period beginning on September 1, 2025 through August 31, 2026, at a redemption price equal to 103 of the principal amount plus accrued interest; (ii) during the period beginning on September 1, 2026
through August 31, 2027, at a redemption price equal to 102 of the principal amount plus accrued interest; and (iii) on or after September 1, 2027, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount plus accrued interest. At
our direction, the Series 2022 Bonds may be redeemed by Gallatin County at any time, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount plus accrued interest upon the occurrence of certain events set forth in that certain Amended and
Restated Trust Indenture, dated as of June 1, 2022 (the Indenture ), between Gallatin County and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, Salt Lake City, Utah (the Trustee ). 
 Mandatory and Extraordinary Redemptions Subject to the terms of the Indenture, the Series 2022 Bonds must be redeemed,
including, among other things, (i) from all the proceeds of the sale of any Super Scooper, (ii) in an amount equal to (a) 50 of our operating revenues less the portion used to pay or establish reserves for all our expenses, debt payments,
capital improvements, replacements, and contingencies Excess Cash Flow or (b) 100 of Excess Cash Flow, in each case, in the event we fall below certain debt service coverage ratio requirements set forth in the Indenture, and
(iii) upon a change of control (each a Mandatory Redemption ). For each Mandatory Redemption, the Series 2022 Bonds will be redeemed in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of each Series 2022
Bond redeemed plus any premium that would be applicable to an optional redemption of the Series 2022 Bonds on such date (and if such redemption occurs prior to September 1, 2025, the applicable premium shall be three percent (3 )) and accrued
interest. Furthermore, subject to the terms of the Indenture, at our direction, the Series 2022 Bonds may be redeemed by Gallatin County at any time, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount plus accrued interest upon the
occurrence of certain events, including, among other things, casualty, condemnation, or other unexpected events set forth in the Indenture. 
 Financial Covenants In connection with the Series 2022 Bonds, we are a party to certain loan agreements that contain
customary representation and warranties, negative covenants, including, limitations on indebtedness, reduction of liquidity below certain levels, and asset sales, merger and other transactions, and remedies on and events of default. 
 Under the terms of such loan agreements, we are subject to certain financial covenants, that require, among other things, that we operate in a
manner and to the extent permitted by applicable law, to produce sufficient gross revenues so as to be at all relevant times in compliance with the terms of such covenants, including that we maintain (i) beginning with the fiscal quarter ending
December 31, 2023, a minimum debt service coverage ratio (generally calculated as the aggregate amount of our total gross revenues, minus operating expenses, plus interest, depreciation and amortization expense, for any period, over our maximum
annual debt service requirements, as determined under such loan agreement) that exceeds 1.25x and (ii) beginning with the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2022, a minimum liquidity of not less than 8 million in the form of
unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, plus liquid investments and unrestricted marketable securities at all times. Subject to the terms
of the loan agreements, in the event we are unable to comply with the terms of the financial covenants, we may be required (among other potential remedial actions) to engage an independent consultant to review, analyze and make recommendations with
respect to our operations or in some instances, this could result in an event of default and/or the acceleration of our debt obligations under the loan agreements. In addition, the acceleration of our debt obligations may in some instances (as set
forth in the Amended and Restated Charter) result in an increase in the dividend rate of the Series A Preferred Stock by 2.00 per annum from the dividend rate otherwise in effect at such time. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

Mandatorily Redeemable Preferred Stock 
 Legacy Bridger Series B Preferred Shares 
 On April 25, 2022, we used a portion of the proceeds from the issuance of the Legacy Bridger Series C Preferred Shares to redeem all
60,000,000 of our outstanding Legacy Bridger Series B Preferred Shares for 70.0 million, inclusive of 10.0 million in accrued interest. 
 Legacy Bridger Series A Preferred Shares 
 On April 25, 2022, we and our investors included a new mandatory redemption provision requiring Legacy Bridger Series A Preferred Shares
to be redeemed on April 25, 2032. Due to the mandatory redemption provision, Legacy Bridger Series A Preferred Shares were reclassified from mezzanine equity to liability. We elected the fair value option to measure the modification of the
Legacy Bridger Series A Preferred Shares. On July 25, 2022, we used the proceeds from the Series 2022 Bonds plus cash on hand to redeem in full the remaining 6,055,556 shares of the Legacy Bridger Series A Preferred Shares for aggregate
proceeds of 136.3 million. The fair values of the Legacy Bridger Series A Preferred Shares increased by 3.9 million from interest accrued since the modification on April 25, 2022 and no gain or loss were recorded to net loss upon
redemption. Mezzanine and Permanent Equity 
 Preferred Shares On April 25, 2022, we authorized and issued 315,789.473684 Legacy Bridger Series C Preferred Shares for
aggregate proceeds of 288.5 million, net of issuance costs of 11.5 million. Legacy Bridger Series C Preferred Shares rank senior to our Common Stock and ranked subordinate to Legacy Bridger Series A Preferred Shares with respect to the
distribution of assets upon liquidation or certain triggering events. Upon the Closing, Legacy Bridger Series C Preferred Shares were exchanged for shares of Series A Preferred Stock on a one-to-one basis as a portion of the merger consideration issued in connection with the Business Combination. The Series A Preferred Stock will be mezzanine equity classified at Closing as it remains probable
that they may become redeemable upon the mandatory redemption date of April 25, 2032. Series A Preferred Stock does not participate in earnings and is non-voting. For additional information regarding the
terms and conditions of the Series A Preferred Stock, see the section of this Annual Report entitled Description of Securities Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock. 
 Prior to the Closing, Legacy Bridger Series C Preferred Shares accrued interest daily at 7 per annum for the first year, 9 per annum for the
second year and 11 per annum thereafter. Following the Closing, the Series A Preferred Stock will continue to accrue interest daily at 7 per annum for the first six years, 9 per annum for the seventh year and 11 per annum thereafter. Accrued
interest for Legacy Bridger Series C Preferred Shares was 15.3 million as of December 31, 2022. If the mandatory redemption
occurs prior to the consummation of a qualified public offering, the redemption amount is equal to the stated value, plus the initial issue price multiplied by 50 , plus accrued but unpaid interest. As of December 31, 2022, it was probable that
Legacy Bridger Series C Preferred Shares may become redeemable at either the holder s option on or after March 29, 2027 and prior to the consummation of a qualified public offering or in the event of a qualified public offering. We have
elected to recognize changes in redemption value immediately, adjusting the preferred shares to the maximum redemption value at each reporting date. Upon the Closing and exchange of Legacy Bridger Series C Preferred Shares for Series A Preferred
Stock, the 50 multiplier, valued at 157.9 million as of December 31, 2022, will be removed and treated as a deemed dividend. As of December 31, 2022, Legacy Bridger Series C Preferred Shares had a carrying value of
 331.1 million and a redemption value of 489.0 million. Common Shares Legacy Bridger had 30,000,000 shares of
Legacy Bridger Class A Common Shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The holders of these shares were entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of our
shareholders. These Legacy Bridger Class A Common Shares were issued to ElementCompany, LLC. Legacy Bridger had 9,756,130 shares of
Legacy Bridger Class B Common Shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The holders of these Legacy Bridger Class B Common Shares were entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all
matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders. Legacy Bridger had 243,871 shares of Legacy Bridger Class C Common Shares issued
and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Legacy Bridger also had 606,061 shares of Legacy Bridger Class D Common Shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. These Legacy
Bridger Class C Common Shares and Legacy Bridger Class D Common Shares are non-voting. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

Prior to the Closing, Legacy Bridger s voting power followed the structure of the
elected board members with three (3) designees from the holders of Legacy Bridger Class A Common Shares and two (2) designees from the holders of Legacy Bridger Class B Common Shares. This remained in place until the Closing.
 Upon the Closing on January 24, 2023, we had 43,769,290 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. 
 Historical Cash Flows The
following table presents a summary of our consolidated cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the periods indicated. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

(9,917,608) 

6,020,870 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(89,813,216) 

(54,762,852) 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

124,929,731 

60,758,004 

Effect of exchange rate changes 

(413) 

(776) 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

25,198,494 

12,015,246 

Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 9.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to Net cash provided by
operating activities of 6.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net cash used in operating activities reflects net loss of 42.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 6.5 million for the year
ended December 31, 2021. Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflects add-backs to Net loss for non-cash charges
totaling 20.9 million, primarily driven by depreciation and amortization, change in fair value of Legacy Bridger Series A Preferred Shares and interest accrued on Legacy Bridger Series B Preferred Shares. Net cash provided by operating
activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 reflects add-backs to Net loss for non-cash charges totaling 13.4 million, primarily driven by
 6.7 million of depreciation and amortization. Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 89.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to Net cash used in investing
activities of 54.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflects purchases of marketable securities of 60.2 million, purchases of property,
plant and equipment of 25.6 million, which primarily comprised of purchases of aircraft and aircraft improvements, the construction in progress of the third hangar of 9.8 million, and proceeds from maturities of marketable securities of
 5.5 million. Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 reflects investments in the construction currently in progress for Super Scoopers and hangars of 31.2 million and purchases of property, plant
and equipment of 22.6 million. Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 124.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to Net cash provided in
financing activities of 60.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflects proceeds from the issuance of the Legacy Bridger Series C Preferred
Shares, net of issuance costs, of 288.5 million, borrowings from the Series 2022 Bonds of 160.0 million, payments to the holders of Legacy Bridger Series A Preferred Shares and Legacy Bridger Series B Preferred Shares of
 236.3 million and 70.0 million, respectively, payment for the extinguishment of the Series 2021 Bond of 7.5 million and payment of debt issuance costs for the Series 2022 Bonds of 4.4 million. Net cash provided by financing
activities 
 66 

Table of Contents 

for the year ended December 31, 2021 reflects proceeds of 50.0 million from the issuance of Legacy Bridger Series B Preferred Shares, 7.3 million of borrowings from the Series
2021 Bond and proceeds of 5.0 million from the issuance Legacy Bridger Series A Preferred Shares. Contractual Obligations 
 Our principal commitments consist of obligations for outstanding debt, aircraft purchase agreements, and leases. The following table summarizes
our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022. 

Payments Due by Period 

Total 

Current 

Noncurrent 

Aircraft purchase obligations 

9,097,771 

9,097,771 

Hangar construction obligations 

3,755,517 

3,755,517 

Lease obligations 

2,768,885 

85,402 

2,683,483 

Debt obligations 

213,575,262 

3,438,752 

210,136,510 

Total 

229,197,435 

16,377,442 

212,819,993 

Our short-term aircraft purchase obligations as of December 31, 2022, primarily consist of payment for
the remaining production of the Super Scooper aircraft. The payments were due upon receipt of the aircraft, the last of which was delivered in February 2023. 
 On February 14, 2023, we made a payment of 9.1 million for the purchase of aircraft under the LAS Purchase Agreement. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have any relationships with special purpose or variable interest entities or other which
would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Bridger is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and is not required
to provide the information otherwise required under this item. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The
preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses, provision for income taxes and related disclosures. We base
our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Changes in accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. Accordingly, actual results could
differ significantly from the estimates made by our management. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our future financial
statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations and cashflows will be affected. We believe that the following critical
accounting policies involve a greater degree of judgment or complexity than our other accounting policies. Accordingly, these are the policies we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial
condition and results of operations. Investments in Marketable Securities 
 Investments in debt securities are classified as
 available-for-sale and are carried at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses reported as accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Gains and losses are
recognized when realized. Unrealized losses are evaluated for impairment to determine if the impairment is credit related. An other-than-temporary credit impairment would be recognized as an adjustment to income. Gains and losses are determined
using the first-in first-out method. Investments in marketable securities are classified as current assets with short-term maturities of less than one year. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

Revenue Recognition 
 We charge daily and hourly rates depending upon the type of firefighting service rendered and under which contract the services are performed.
These services are primarily split into flight revenue and standby revenue. Flight revenue is earned usually at an hourly rate. Standby revenue is earned usually as a daily rate when aircraft are available for use at a fire base, awaiting request
from the customer for flight deployment. While a majority of our existing contracts are for a
 one-year base term, we enter into short, medium and long-term contracts with customers, primarily with government agencies during the firefighting season, to deploy aerial fire management assets. Revenue is
recognized when performance obligations under the terms of a contract with our customers are satisfied and payment is typically due within 30 days of invoicing. This occurs as the services are rendered and include the use of the aircraft, pilot and
field maintenance personnel to support the contract. Mobilization revenue, which represents payment received to deploy an aircraft to a customer, is recognized as the related mobilization occurs. 
 Contracts are based on either a CWN or EU basis. Rates established are generally more competitive based on the security of the revenue from
the contract (i.e., an EU versus only on an as-needed basis in CWN). These rates are delineated by the type of service, generally flight time or time available for deployment. Once an aircraft is deployed on a
contract the fees are earned at these rates and cannot be obligated to another customer. Contracts have no financing components and consideration is at pre-determined rates. No variable considerations are
constrained within the contracts. The transaction prices are allocated on the service performed and tracked real-time by each operator in
a duty log. On at least a monthly basis, the services performed and rates are validated by each customer. Acceptance by the customer is evidenced by the provision of their funded task order or accepted invoice. 
 Other revenue consists of leasing revenues from the rental of BSI, LLC facilities to another related party as well as external repair work
performed on customer aircraft by Bridger Aviation Repair, LLC. Payment terms vary by customer and type of revenue contract. We generally
expect that the period of time between payment and transfer of promised goods or services will be less than one year. In such instances, we have elected the practical expedient to not evaluate whether a significant financing component exists. As
permitted under the practical expedient available under ASC 606, we do not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for (i) contracts with an original expected length of one year or less and (ii) contracts for which we
recognize revenue at the amount which we have the right to invoice for services performed. Stock Based Compensation 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we granted incentive units (the Legacy Bridger Incentive Units to selected board
members. Within each grant, 80 of the Legacy Bridger Incentive Units vest annually over a four-year period subject to continued service by the grantee (the Time-Vesting Incentive Units and the remaining 20 of the Legacy Bridger
Incentive Units vest upon a qualifying change of control event (the Exit-Vesting Incentive Units ). Notwithstanding the above, any unvested Time-Vesting Incentive Units will become vested Time-Vesting Incentive Units if a qualifying
change of control event occurs prior to the respective award s four-year service-based vesting period. We did not grant any Legacy Bridger Incentive Units for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 For the Time-Vesting Incentive Units, compensation cost is recognized over the requisite service period on a straight-line basis. Upon a
qualifying change of control event change of control, the unrecognized compensation expense related to the Time-Vesting Incentive Units will be recognized when the change of control event is considered probable. For the Exit-Vesting Incentive Units,
expense is recognized when a qualifying change of control event is considered probable, which has not occurred as of December 31, 2022. Forfeitures are accounted for as they occur. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

Compensation cost for the Legacy Bridger Incentive Units is measured at their grant-date
fair value and is equal to the value of one fair value of one Legacy Bridger Class D Common Share, which is generally equal to the value of other classes of Bridger Common Shares. The value of Legacy Bridger Common Shares is derived through an
option pricing model, which incorporates various assumptions. Use of a valuation model requires management to make certain assumptions with respect to selected model inputs. Expected volatility was calculated based on the observed equity volatility
for comparable companies. The expected time to liquidity event is based on management s estimate of time to an expected liquidity event. The dividend yield was based on our expected dividend rate. The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S.
Treasury zero-coupon issues. The weighted-average assumptions we used in the option pricing model for its 2021 grants are as follows. 

Dividend yield ) 

0 

Expected volatility ) 

46.5 

Risk-free interest rate ) 

1.26 

Term (in years) 

5.00 

Discount for lack of marketability ) 

30 
 
 Impairment of Goodwill and Long-Lived Assets 
 Goodwill Goodwill represents the excess
of purchase price over fair value of the net assets acquired in an acquisition. We assess goodwill for impairment as of December 31 annually or more frequently upon an indicator of impairment. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting
unit level by first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value. 
 When we elect to perform a qualitative assessment and conclude it is more likely that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its
carrying value, no further assessment of that reporting unit s goodwill is necessary. Otherwise, a quantitative assessment is performed, and the fair value of the reporting unit is determined. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds
its fair value, an impairment loss equal to the excess is recorded. Conditions that would trigger an impairment assessment include, but are not limited to, a significant adverse change in legal factors or the business climate that could affect the
value of an asset or an adverse reaction. As of the December 31, 2022 annual goodwill impairment test, the Company s qualitative analysis indicated the fair value of the Company s reporting unit exceeded its carrying value.. No
impairment charge for goodwill was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Long-Lived Assets 
 A long-lived asset (including amortizable identifiable intangible assets) or asset group is tested for recoverability whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. Conditions that may indicate impairment include, but are not limited to, a significant adverse change in customer demand or business climate that could affect the
value of an asset, a product recall or an adverse action or assessment by a regulator. When indicators of impairment are present, we evaluate the carrying value of the long-lived assets in relation to the operating performance and future
undiscounted cash flows of the underlying assets. We adjust the net book value of the long-lived assets to fair value if the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than book value. 
 Property, Plant and Equipment, net 
 Property, plant and equipment is stated at net book value, cost less depreciation. Depreciation for aircraft, engines and rotable parts is
recorded over the estimated useful life based on flight hours. Depreciation for unmanned aerial vehicles, vehicles and equipment, and buildings is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the property, plant and
equipment. The table below summarizes depreciable lives by asset category: 

Estimated useful life 

Aircraft, engines and rotable parts 

1,500 6,000 flight hours 

Unmanned aerial vehicles 

5 10 years 

Vehicles and equipment 

3 5 years 

Buildings 

40 years 

69 

Table of Contents 

Property, plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment as discussed above under
 Long-Lived Assets Cost Method Investments 
 We hold equity securities without a readily determinable fair value, which are only adjusted for observable price changes in orderly
transactions for the same or similar equity securities or any impairment, totaling 1,000 thousand as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Variable Interest Entities We
follow ASC 810-10-15 guidance with respect to accounting for VIE. These entities do not have sufficient equity at risk to finance their activities without additional
subordinated financial support from other parties or whose equity investors lack any of the characteristics of a controlling financial interest. A variable interest is an investment or other interest that will absorb portions of a VIE s
expected losses or receive portions of its expected returns and are contractual, ownership or pecuniary in nature and that changes with changes in the fair value of the entity s net assets. A reporting entity is the primary beneficiary of a VIE
and must consolidate it when that party has a variable interest, or combination of variable interests, that provide it with a controlling financial interest. A party is deemed to have a controlling financial interest if it meets both of the power
and loss/benefits criteria. The power criterion is the ability to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact its economic performance. The losses/benefits criterion is the obligation to absorb losses from, or right to receive
benefits from, the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The VIE model requires an ongoing reconsideration of whether a reporting entity is the primary beneficiary of a VIE due to changes in the facts and circumstances. For the year
ended December 31, 2022, the VIE, Northern Fire, is consolidated into our financial statements. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the VIE s, Northern Fire and Mountain Air, are consolidated into our financial statements. See
 Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report for additional information. 
 On November 7, 2022, we acquired all of the outstanding equity interests of Mountain Air, and it has not been accounted for as a VIE in
subsequent reporting periods. Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 We follow guidance in ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement, where fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid
to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value measurements are determined within a framework that establishes a three-tier hierarchy which maximizes the use of observable market
data and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs to establish a classification of fair value measurements for disclosure purposes. Inputs may be observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect the assumptions market participants would use in
pricing the asset or liability based on market data obtained from sources independent of our business. Unobservable inputs reflect our own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on the
information available. Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For additional information regarding recent accounting pronouncements adopted and under evaluation, refer to Note 2 Summary of
Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report. Emerging Growth Company
and Smaller Reporting Company Status Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies as defined
in Section 2(A) of the Securities Act of 1933, from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act
provides that a company 
 70 

Table of Contents 

can choose not to take advantage of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies, and any
such election to not take advantage of the extended transition period is irrevocable. We are an emerging growth company and have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 
 We will use this extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for
public business entities and non-public business entities until the earlier of the date that we (a) are no longer an emerging growth company or (b) affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the
extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. The extended transition period exemptions afforded by our emerging growth company status may make it difficult or impossible to compare our financial results with the financial results of another
public company that is either not an emerging growth company or is an emerging growth company that has chosen not to take advantage of this exemption because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Refer to Note
2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report for the recent accounting pronouncements adopted and the recent accounting pronouncements not yet adopted
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We will remain an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act until the
earliest of (a) December 31, 2028, (b) the last date of our fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, (c) the last date of our fiscal year in which we are deemed to be a large
accelerated filer under the rules of the SEC with at least 700.0 million of outstanding securities held by non-affiliates or (d) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in
 non-convertible debt securities during the previous three years. We will be a smaller
reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only
two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (i) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates is
greater than or equal to 250 million as of the end of that fiscal year s second fiscal quarter, and (ii) our annual revenues are greater than or equal to 100 million during the last completed fiscal year or the market value of
our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that fiscal year s second fiscal quarter. 
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which we are in the process of, and are focused on,
remediating. The first material weakness is related to properly accounting for complex transactions within our financial statement closing and reporting process. The second material weakness arises from our failure to design and maintain effective
IT general controls over the IT systems used within the processing of key financial transactions. Specifically, we did not design and maintain user access controls to ensure appropriate segregation of duties and that adequately restrict user and
privileged access to financial applications, programs, and data to appropriate company personnel. Additionally, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the period end account reconciliation
review and entity level financial statement review controls which did not operate within a sufficient level of precision. We have begun
the process of and are focused on designing and implementing effective internal controls measures to improve our internal control over financial reporting and remediate the material weaknesses, including: 

actively recruiting additional personnel with knowledge of GAAP, in addition to engaging and utilizing third
party consultants and specialists to supplement our internal resources and implementing processes and controls to segregate key functions within our finance systems, as appropriate; 

designing and implementing a formalized control plan related to IT general controls, including controls related
to managing access to financially significant systems within our IT environment; and 

engaging a third party consultant to assist with evaluating and documenting the design and operating
effectiveness of internal controls and assisting with the remediation of deficiencies, as necessary. While these
actions and planned actions are subject to ongoing management evaluation and will require validation and testing of the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls over a sustained period of financial reporting cycles, we are committed
to the continuous improvement of our internal control over financial reporting and will continue to diligently review our internal control over financial reporting. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

Although we plan to complete this remediation process as quickly as possible, we are unable,
at this time, to estimate how long it will take and our efforts may not be successful in remediating the deficiencies or material weaknesses. In addition, even if we are successful in strengthening our controls and procedures, we can give no
assurances that in the future such controls and procedures will be adequate to prevent or identify errors or irregularities or to facilitate the fair preparation and presentation of our consolidated financial statements. 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Pursuant to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide the information
required by this Item as it is a smaller reporting company. 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

BRIDGER AEROSPACE GROUP HOLDINGS, LLC 
 (PREDECESSOR TO BRIDGER AEROSPACE 
 GROUP HOLDINGS, INC.) 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

74 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

75 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

76 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

77 

Consolidated Statements of Members Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

78 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

79 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

80 

73 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Bridger Aerospace
Group Holdings, Inc. Belgrade, Montana Opinion on the
Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bridger Aerospace Group Holdings, LLC (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, members deficit, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of
its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the
PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial
reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the
financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits
also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
 /s/ Crowe LLP We have
served as the Company s auditor since 2022. Atlanta, Georgia 
 March 20, 2023 
 74 

Table of Contents 

BRIDGER AEROSPACE GROUP HOLDINGS, LLC 
 (PREDECESSOR TO BRIDGER AEROSPACE GROUP HOLDINGS, INC.) 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (All amounts in U.S. dollars) 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

30,162,475 

13,689,091 

Restricted cash 

12,297,151 

3,572,041 

Investments in marketable securities 

54,980,156 

Accounts receivable 

28,902 

34,992 

Aircraft support parts 

1,761,270 

1,944,660 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

1,835,032 

2,825,687 

Deferred offering costs 

5,800,144 

Total current assets 

106,865,130 

22,066,471 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

192,091,413 

168,677,309 

Intangible assets, net 

208,196 

307,954 

Goodwill 

2,457,937 

2,457,937 

Other noncurrent assets 

4,356,225 

1,602,568 

Total assets 

305,978,901 

195,112,239 

LIABILITIES, MEZZANINE EQUITY AND MEMBERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

3,170,354 

4,021,177 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

16,483,289 

474,644 

Operating
 right-of-use current liability 

21,484 

4,973 

Current portion of Series B Preferred shares 

66,412,637 

Current portion of long-term debt, net of debt issuance costs 

2,445,594 

2,155,926 

Total current liabilities 

22,120,721 

73,069,357 

Long-term accrued expenses and other noncurrent liabilities 

45,659 

1,456,949 

Operating
 right-of-use noncurrent liability 

754,673 

608,571 

Long-term debt, net of debt issuance
costs 1 

205,471,958 

58,117,473 

Total liabilities 

228,393,011 

133,252,350 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

MEZZANINE EQUITY 

Series A Preferred shares, 0.001 par value; 10,500,000 shares authorized, issued and outstanding
at December 31, 2021 

146,668,028 

Series C Preferred shares, 0.001 par value; 315,789.473684 shares authorized, issued and
outstanding at December 31, 2022 

489,021,545 

MEMBERS DEFICIT 

Accumulated deficit 

(413,114,152) 

(84,832,845) 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income 

1,678,497 

24,706 

Total members deficit 

(411,435,655) 

(84,808,139) 

Total liabilities, mezzanine equity and members deficit 

305,978,901 

195,112,239 

1 
 Includes related party debt of 10,000,000 for the 2022 taxable industrial revenue bond. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

BRIDGER AEROSPACE GROUP HOLDINGS, LLC 
 (PREDECESSOR TO BRIDGER AEROSPACE GROUP HOLDINGS, INC.) 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (All Amounts in U.S. dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenues 

46,387,963 

39,384,182 

Cost of revenues: 

Flight operations 

18,762,172 

15,823,713 

Maintenance 

15,123,806 

10,755,471 

Total cost of revenues 

33,885,978 

26,579,184 

Gross profit 

12,501,985 

12,804,998 

Selling, general and administrative expense 

35,128,322 

11,215,027 

Operating (loss) income 

(22,626,337) 

1,589,971 

Interest expense 1 

(20,017,177) 

(9,293,928) 
 
 Other income 

521,555 

1,163,160 

Net loss 

(42,121,959) 

(6,540,797) 

Series C Preferred shares adjustment to maximum redemption value 

(200,505,236) 

Series A Preferred shares adjustment for redemption, extinguishment, and accrued interest 

(85,663,336) 

(15,913,184) 

Net loss attributable to common shareholders basic and diluted 

(328,290,531) 

(22,453,981) 

Net loss per share attributable to common shareholders basic and diluted 

(8.15) 

(0.56) 

Weighted-average shares outstanding basic and diluted 

40,287,478 

40,122,651 

1 
 Includes related party interest of approximately 517,000 for the 2022 taxable industrial revenue bond.
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

BRIDGER AEROSPACE GROUP HOLDINGS, LLC 
 (PREDECESSOR TO BRIDGER AEROSPACE GROUP HOLDINGS, INC.) 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (All Amounts in U.S. dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net loss 

(42,121,959) 

(6,540,797) 
 
 Other comprehensive income: 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

(413) 

(776) 
 
 Unrealized gain on derivative instruments 

1,381,653 

527,610 

Unrealized gain on investments in marketable securities 

272,551 

Total other comprehensive income 

1,653,791 

526,834 

Comprehensive loss 

(40,468,168) 

(6,013,963) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

BRIDGER AEROSPACE GROUP HOLDINGS, LLC 
 (PREDECESSOR TO BRIDGER AEROSPACE GROUP HOLDINGS, INC.) 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF MEMBERS DEFICIT 
 (All Amounts in U.S. dollars) 

Accumulated Deficit 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Total Members Deficit 

Balance at January 1, 2021 

(62,378,864) 

(502,128) 

(62,880,992) 
 
 Liquidation preference on Series A Preferred shares 

(15,913,184) 

(15,913,184) 
 
 Unrealized gain on derivative instruments 

527,610 

527,610 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

(776) 

(776) 
 
 Net loss 

(6,540,797) 

(6,540,797) 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

(84,832,845) 

24,706 

(84,808,139) 

Series A Preferred shares adjustment for redemption, extinguishment and revaluation 

(85,663,336) 

(85,663,336) 
 
 Series C Preferred shares adjustment to maximum redemption value 

(200,505,236) 

(200,505,236) 
 
 Unrealized gain on derivative instruments 

1,381,653 

1,381,653 

Unrealized gain on investments in marketable securities 

272,551 

272,551 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

(413) 

(413) 
 
 Stock based compensation 

9,224 

9,224 

Net loss 

(42,121,959) 

(42,121,959) 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

(413,114,152) 

1,678,497 

(411,435,655) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

BRIDGER AEROSPACE GROUP HOLDINGS, LLC 
 (PREDECESSOR TO BRIDGER AEROSPACE GROUP HOLDINGS, INC.) 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (All Amounts in U.S. dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

(42,121,959) 

(6,540,797) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Loss on sale of fixed assets 

1,769,732 

995,528 

Depreciation and amortization 

9,091,219 

6,673,685 

Stock based compensation expense 

9,224 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

601,161 

173,761 

Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt 

844,925 

(774,300) 
 
 Change in fair value of Series A Preferred shares 

3,918,636 

Change in fair value of Series C Preferred shares embedded derivatives 

1,039,330 

Accrued interest on Series B Preferred shares 

3,586,586 

6,335,608 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

6,090 

2,227,649 

Aircraft support parts 

183,390 

(1,195,346) 
 
 Prepaid expense and other current and non current assets 

(372,287) 

(1,807,123) 
 
 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

11,526,345 

(67,795) 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

(9,917,608) 

6,020,870 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investments in construction in progress - aircraft 

(28,000,000) 
 
 Investments in construction in progress - buildings 

(9,809,946) 

(3,195,769) 
 
 Purchases of marketable securities 

(60,207,605) 

Proceeds from sales and maturities of marketable securities 

5,500,000 

Investment in Overwatch Imaging, Inc. 

(1,000,000) 
 
 Sale of property, plant and equipment 

286,400 

Purchases of property, plant and equipment 

(25,582,065) 

(22,567,083) 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(89,813,216) 

(54,762,852) 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Contributions from Series A Preferred shares members 

5,000,000 

Contributions from Series B Preferred shares members 

50,000,000 

Payment to Series A Preferred shares members 

(236,250,000) 

Payment to Series B Preferred shares members 

(69,999,223) 

Borrowings from Series C Preferred shares members, net of issuance costs 

288,516,309 

Payment of finance lease liability 

(26,747) 

(23,310) 
 
 Borrowings from 2022 taxable industrial revenue
bond 1 

160,000,000 

Borrowings from 2021 taxable industrial revenue bond 

7,330,000 

Extinguishment of 2021 taxable industrial revenue bond 

(7,549,900) 

Borrowings from IPFS insurance loan 

667,013 

Borrowings from various First Interstate Bank vehicle loans 

202,217 

175,712 

Payment of debt issuance costs 

(4,417,807) 

(670,298) 
 
 Payment of offering costs 

(3,508,675) 

Repayments on debt 

(2,036,443) 

(1,721,113) 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

124,929,731 

60,758,004 

Effects of exchange rate changes 

(413) 

(776) 
 
 Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

25,198,494 

12,015,246 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash beginning of the year 

17,261,132 

5,245,886 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash end of the year 

42,459,626 

17,261,132 

Less: Restricted cash end of the year 

12,297,151 

3,572,041 

Cash and cash equivalents end of the year 

30,162,475 

13,689,091 

Supplemental cash flow information 

Interest paid 2 

12,746,793 

2,686,442 

Deferred offering costs included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

2,291,469 

Fixed assets in accounts payable 

910,581 

2,446,383 

Adjustment of Series C Preferred shares to maximum redemption value 

200,505,236 

1 
 Includes related party debt of 10,000,000 for the 2022 taxable industrial revenue bond. 

2 
 Includes related party interest paid of approximately 128,000 for the 2022 taxable industrial revenue bond.
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 79 

Table of Contents 

Note 1 Organization and Basis of Presentation 
 Nature of Business Bridger
Aerospace Group Holdings, LLC and its subsidiaries Bridger , the Company, we, us or our provides aerial wildfire management, relief and suppression and delivering firefighting services
using next generation technology and sustainable and environmentally safe firefighting methods. The Company was formed on
November 20, 2018 and registered in the State of Delaware. The legal name of the Company was officially changed from ElementCompany Operations, LLC to Bridger Aerospace Group Holdings, LLC through an amendment with the State of Delaware,
effective January 1, 2020. As of December 31, 2022, the Company owns 17 aircraft, including 5 Twin Commander surveillance
platforms, 4 Quest Kodiaks, 5 Viking CL415EAFs, 2 Aurora eVTOL Skiron and 1 Pilatus PC-12. Basis of
Presentation The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles US GAAP ). The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company, all entities that are wholly-owned by the Company and all entities in which the Company has a controlling financial interest.
 Business Combination On
January 24, 2023, (the Closing Date ), Jack Creek Investment Corp JCIC completed the business combination (the Business Combination or the Closing with the Company contemplated by the agreement
and plan of merger (the Transaction Agreements entered into on August 3, 2022. On the Closing Date, pursuant to the Transaction Agreements, JCIC and the Company became a wholly owned subsidiary of a new public entity that was
renamed Bridger Aerospace Group Holdings, Inc. New Bridger ). Liquidity 
 The Company had 30,162 thousand and 13,689 thousand of cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 54,980 thousand of investments in debt securities classified as available-for-sale with short-term
maturities of less than one year and carried at fair value. The Company has entered into various term loan agreements and other long-term
debt to fund the purchase of aircraft, finance the construction of aircraft hangars and to supplement its cash balance. As of December 31, 2022 the Company has 2,446 thousand of current portion of long-term debt, net of debt issuance
costs. As of December 31, 2022, future contractual payments related to the purchase of aircraft and the construction of the third hangar are 9,098 thousand and 3,756 thousand, respectively, for the next twelve months. 
 The Company believes it will be sufficiently funded for its short-term liquidity needs and the execution of its business plan for at least 12
months following the date at which the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued. As of February 28, 2023, the Company has cash and cash equivalents of 16,819 thousand (unaudited), restricted cash of
 12,365 thousand (unaudited) and investments in debt securities classified as available-for-sale of 32,199 thousand (unaudited). 
 80 

Table of Contents 

Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 Principles of Consolidation The
Company consolidates those entities in which it, through the existing owners, has control over significant operating, financial or investing decisions of the entity. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in
consolidation. Variable Interest Entities 
 The Company follows ASC 810-10-15 guidance with respect to
accounting for variable interest entities VIE ). These entities do not have sufficient equity at risk to finance their activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties or whose equity investors lack any of
the characteristics of a controlling financial interest. A variable interest is an investment or other interest that will absorb portions of a VIE s expected losses or receive portions of its expected returns and are contractual, ownership or
pecuniary in nature and that change with changes in the fair value of the entity s net assets. A reporting entity is the primary beneficiary of a VIE and must consolidate it when that party has a variable interest, or combination of variable
interests, that provide it with a controlling financial interest. A party is deemed to have a controlling financial interest if it meets both of the power and loss/benefits criteria. The power criterion is the ability to direct the activities of the
VIE that most significantly impact its economic performance. The losses/benefits criterion is the obligation to absorb losses from, or right to receive benefits from, the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The VIE model requires
an ongoing reconsideration of whether a reporting entity is the primary beneficiary of a VIE due to changes in the facts and circumstances. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 Northern Fire Management Services, LLC NFMS, LLC is considered to be a VIE, as it
lacks sufficient equity and is consolidated in the Company s financial statements. For the year ended December 31, 2021 the following entities were considered to be VIEs, as they lack sufficient equity and are consolidated in the
Company s financial statements: NFMS, LLC and Mountain Air, LLC MA, LLC ). For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, NFMS, LLC held immaterial assets and liabilities in its financial statements. For the years ended
December 31, 2021, MA, LLC held immaterial assets and liabilities in its financial statements. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the following entities were considered to be VIEs but were not consolidated in the consolidated
financial statements due to the lack of the power criterion or the losses/benefits criterion: AE C te-Nord Canada C te-Nord and Ensyn BioEnergy
Canada, Inc EBC ). Northern Fire Management Services, LLC: The Company assisted in designing and organizing NFMS, LLC
with a business purpose of employing Canadian aviation professionals for the Company. A master services agreement exists between NFMS, LLC and the Company, Bridger Air Tanker, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, to transfer all annual
expenses incurred to the Company in exchange for the Canadian employees to support the Company s water scooper aircraft. NFMS, LLC is 50 owned by a member of the executive team, Timothy Sheehy, who is also an owner of the Company and 50 owned
by a Bridger Aerospace Group, LLC BAG, LLC employee. The ownership split is economic only and common control is retained by the ownership of the executive member. The Company is responsible for the decisions related to all of its
expenditures, which solely relates to payroll. Based on these facts, it was determined that the Company is the primary beneficiary of NFMS, LLC. Therefore, NFMS, LLC has been consolidated by the Company. All intercompany expenses associated with
NFMS, LLC and its service agreement have been eliminated in consolidation. Mountain Air, LLC: As of November 7, 2022, MA, LLC
is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bridger. Prior to the transfer of their interests to Bridger for 1.00 on November 7, 2022, MA, LLC was owned 50 by Timothy Sheehy, the Chief Executive Officer and, after the Closing, a director of New Bridger,
and 50 by an entity affiliated with Matthew Sheehy, Chairman of Bridger prior to Closing, and after the Closing, a director of New Bridger. MA, LLC is a Federal Aviation Administration FAA part 135 certificate holder and is designed
to hold aerial firefighting contracts. Bridger Aviation Services, LLC Bridger Aviation ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bridger, was a party to that certain Management Services Agreement (the Aviation Agreement ), dated
April 13, 2018, with MA, LLC. Pursuant to the Aviation Agreement, Bridger Aviation leased certain aircraft to MA, LLC. MA, LLC operated the aircraft and paid Bridger Aviation a fee equal to 99 of all revenue it received from the use and
deployment of Bridger Aviation s aircraft. MA, LLC was obligated to operate and maintain the aircraft in accordance with Federal Aviation. 
 Timothy Sheehy originally conducted aerial operations through MA, LLC before New Bridger s legal organizational structure was put into
place to accommodate Bridger s capital structure and financing, which created the need for the Aviation Agreement and resulting VIE treatment. MA, LLC had not been previously transferred into the Bridger legal organizational structure due to
the administrative convenience. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

Seasonality 
 The Company s business is generally seasonal, with a significant portion of total revenue occurring during the second and third quarters
of the fiscal year due to the North American fire season. However, the weather dependency and seasonal fluctuation in the need to fight wildfires based upon location and the varying intensity of the fire season may lead our operating results to
fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year. Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP, requires management to make assumptions and estimates that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of gain or loss contingencies as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from their
estimates and such differences could be material to the consolidated financial statements. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include: (a) excess and aging aircraft support parts reserves, (b) allowance for
doubtful accounts, (c) useful lives of property, plant and equipment, net (d) impairment of long-lived assets, goodwill and other intangible assets, (e) disclosure of fair value of financial instruments, (f) variable interest
entities, (g) accounting for Series A Preferred shares, Series B Preferred shares and Series C Preferred shares, (h) revenue recognition, (i) estimates and assumptions made in determining the carrying values of goodwill and other
intangible assets and (j) incentive units. Reclassifications 
 Certain amounts from prior periods have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. The Company previously separately
presented General and administrative and Business development operating expenses, which are now presented combined within Selling, general and administrative expense on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. The reclassification had
no impact on previously reported net loss or accumulated deficit. The Company previously presented all subscription costs as Prepaid expenses and other current assets. Long term subscription costs are now presented as other noncurrent assets on the
Consolidated Balance Sheets. Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and all highly liquid, readily convertible investments with a maturity of three months or less. Cash
equivalents are placed primarily in time deposits and money market funds including commercial paper of 29,890 thousand due in three months or less. The Company s subsidiaries generally maintain cash account balances sufficient to meet
their short-term working capital requirements and periodically remit funds to the parent company to pay intercompany lease, maintenance and other charges. Substantially all of the Company s cash is concentrated in a few financial institutions.
At times, deposits in these institutions exceed the federally insured limits. Restricted Cash 
 Restricted cash includes cash and cash equivalents that are not readily available for use in the Company s operating activities. The
Company had 12,297 thousand and 3,572 thousand of restricted cash as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Restricted cash consists of proceeds from taxable industrial development revenue bonds under the Committee on Uniform
Securities Identification Procedures CUSIP of Gallatin County, issued in August 2022. These funds are held in a demand deposit account or highly rated money market fund. As of December 31, 2022, the company had
 9,290 thousand in restricted cash related to the CUSIP bond and 3,007 thousand of restricted cash held in escrow. Investments in
Marketable Securities Investments in debt securities are classified as available-for-sale and are carried at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses reported as accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Gains and losses are recognized when realized. Unrealized losses
are evaluated for impairment to determine if the impairment is credit related. An other-than-temporary credit impairment would be recognized as an adjustment to income. Gains and losses are determined using the first-in first-out method. Investments
in marketable securities are classified as current assets with short-term maturities of less than one year. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

Accounts Receivable 
 Accounts receivable consist of amounts due from our customers. The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts equal to the estimated
losses expected to be incurred based upon a review of the outstanding accounts receivable, historical collection information and existing economic conditions. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not record any bad
debt expense as accounts receivable have historically been collected in accordance with the policy and there is no history of write-offs. Aircraft
Support Parts Aircraft support parts consist of repairables and expendables that are used for servicing aircraft and support parts
for universal application amongst the aviation fleet. Aircraft support parts are tracked by serial number and capitalized at cost in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and expensed in the Consolidated Statements of Operations when used in operations.
 Property, Plant and Equipment, net 
 Property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost when acquired. Except for aircraft, engines and rotable parts, depreciation is computed on
the straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of property, plant and equipment and is recorded in Cost of revenues and Selling, general and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Depreciation for aircraft,
engines and rotable parts is recorded over the estimated useful life based on flight hours. The table below summarizes depreciable lives by asset category: 

Estimated useful life 

Aircraft, engines and rotable parts 

1,500 6,000 flight hours 

Unmanned aerial vehicles 

5 10 years 

Vehicles and equipment 

3 5 years 

Buildings 

40 years 
 
 Aircraft undergo maintenance activities including routine repairs, inspections, part replacements and
overhauls as required by regulatory authorities or manufacturer specifications. Costs of routine maintenance of aircraft are expensed as incurred as Cost of revenues in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Costs that increase the value of the
aircraft are capitalized as property, plant and equipment, net in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are depreciated over the asset s useful life. 
 Upon retirement or sale, the property, plant and equipment disposed of and the related accumulated depreciation are removed from the
Consolidated Balance Sheets and any resulting gain or loss is recorded as Selling, general and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Interest on long-term debt for the development or manufacturing of Company assets is capitalized to the asset until the asset enters
production or use, and thereafter all interest is charged to expense as incurred. Goodwill 
 Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price over fair value of the net assets acquired in an acquisition. Other intangible
assets consist of finite-lived intangible assets acquired through the Company s historical business combinations and software developed for internal-use. In accordance with ASC Topic 350-40, Software - Internal-Use Software ASC 350-40 ), the Company capitalizes certain direct costs of developing internal-use software that are incurred in the application development stage, when developing or obtaining software for internal use. Once the internal use software is ready for its intended use, it is amortized on
a straight-line basis over its useful life. Refer to Note 8 - Goodwill and Intangible Assets. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

The Company tests goodwill for impairment annually as of December 31 or more frequently
if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible asset below its carrying value. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level using a
fair value approach. The Company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, a Step 0 analysis. If, based on a review of
qualitative factors, it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value the Company performs Step 1 of the goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its
carrying amount. The Company determines the fair value of a reporting unit by estimating the present value of expected future cash flows, discounted by the applicable discount rate. If the carrying value exceeds the fair value, the Company measures
the amount of impairment loss, if any, by comparing the implied fair value of the reporting unit goodwill with its carrying amount, the Step 2 analysis. No impairment charges have been required. 
 Intangible Assets Intangible
assets are initially recorded at fair value and subsequently amortized over their useful lives using the straight-line method, which reflects the pattern of benefit, and assumes no residual value. Intangible assets with definite lives are reviewed
for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. The carrying value of a long-lived asset is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result
from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. If the carrying value is deemed not to be recoverable, an impairment loss is recorded equal to the amount by which the carrying value of the long-lived asset exceeds its fair value. The remaining
estimated useful lives of definite-lived intangible assets are routinely reviewed and, if the estimate is revised, the remaining unamortized balance is amortized over the revised estimated useful life. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not
be recoverable. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its estimated undiscounted net cash flow, excluding interest, an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value. 
 The Company identified impairment indicators within their investment in C te-Nord which arose
from the risk that this entity will not be able to meet its initial growth projections. This facility is currently not in operation and reduced to minimal activity to avoid the obsolescence of its equipment. In 2021, the facility began the process
of a bankruptcy filing. In 2021, the Company wrote-off its loan receivable in Selling, general and administrative expense and associated accrued interest in Other income with
 C te-Nord for 414 thousand in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. This decision was made based on the estimation the loan will not be recoverable given the
 C te-Nord s bankruptcy status. Investments accounted for under the equity method are
recorded based upon the amount of the Company s investment and are adjusted each period for the Company s share of the investee s income or loss. Investments are reviewed periodically for changes in circumstances or the occurrence of
events that suggest an other-than-temporary event where the investment may not be recoverable. Cost Method Investments 
 The Company holds equity securities without a readily determinable fair value, which are only adjusted for observable price changes in orderly
transactions for the same or similar equity securities or any impairment, totaling 1,000 thousand as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and are included within Other noncurrent assets in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Deferred Offerings Costs 
 Deferred offering costs primarily consist of capitalized legal, accounting and other third-party costs incurred that are directly related to
the Business Combination, which is to be accounted for as a reverse recapitalization. These costs will be charged to Members deficit as a reduction of Accumulated deficit generated upon the completion of the Business Combination. As of
December 31, 2022 the Company recorded 5,800 thousand of deferred offering costs in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company did not record any deferred offering costs as of December 31, 2021. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

Debt Issuance Costs 
 Debt issuance costs consist of expenditures associated with obtaining debt financing, principally legal and bank commitment fees. Such costs
are deferred and amortized over the term of the related credit arrangements using a method that approximates the effective interest method. Debt issuance costs are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as a direct deduction from the carrying
amount of long-term debt and are included in Interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The payment of debt issuance costs is recorded under financing activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 The Company follows guidance in ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement ASC 820 ), where fair value is defined as the price that would be
received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value measurements are determined within a framework that establishes a three-tier hierarchy which
maximizes the use of observable market data and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs to establish a classification of fair value measurements for disclosure purposes. Inputs may be observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect the
assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs reflect the Company s own assumptions about the assumptions market
participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on the information available. ASC 820 classifies the inputs used to
measure these fair values into the following hierarchy: Level 1 Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities. Level 2 Observable inputs and quoted prices in active markets for similar assets and liabilities. 
 Level 3 Unobservable inputs and models that are supported by little or no market activity. 
 In all cases, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety has been determined based on the
lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Revenue Recognition 
 The Company charges daily and hourly rates depending upon the type of firefighting service rendered and under which contract the services are
performed. These services are primarily split into flight revenue and standby revenue. Flight revenue is earned primarily at an hourly rate when the engines of the aircraft are started and stopped upon request of the customer, tracked via a Hobbs
meter. Standby revenue is earned primarily as a daily rate when aircraft are available for use at a fire base, awaiting request from the customer for flight deployment. 
 The Company enters into short, medium and long-term contracts with customers, primarily with government agencies during the firefighting
season, to deploy aerial fire management assets. Revenue is recognized when performance obligations under the terms of a contract with our customers are satisfied and payment is typically due within 30 days of invoicing. This occurs as the services
are rendered and include the use of the aircraft, pilot and field maintenance personnel to support the contract. Contracts are based on
either a Call-When-Needed CWN or Exclusive Use EU basis. Rates established are generally more competitive based on the security of the revenue from the contract (i.e., an EU versus only on an as-needed basis in CWN). These rates are delineated by the type of service, generally flight time or time available for deployment. Once an aircraft is deployed on a contract the fees are earned at these rates and
cannot be obligated to another customer. Contracts have no financing components and consideration is at pre-determined rates. No variable considerations are constrained within the contracts. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

The transaction prices are allocated on the service performed and tracked real-time by each
operator in a duty log. On at least a monthly basis, the services performed and rates are validated by each customer. Acceptance by the customer is evidenced by the provision of their funded task order or accepted invoice. 
 The Company has not incurred incremental costs for obtaining contracts with customers. In addition, the Company evaluates whether or not it
should capitalize the costs of fulfilling a contract. Such costs would be capitalized when they are not within the scope of other standards and: (1) are directly related to a contract; (2) generate or enhance resources that will be used to
satisfy performance obligations; and (3) are expected to be recovered. The Company has elected to use the practical expedient detailed in ASC
 340-40-25-4 to expense any costs to fulfill a contract as they are incurred when the amortization period would be one year or
less. Contract assets are classified as a receivable when the reporting entity s right to consideration is unconditional, which is
when payment is due only upon the passage of time. As the Company invoices customers for performance obligations that have been satisfied, at which point payment is unconditional, contracts do not typically give rise to contract assets. Contract
liabilities are recorded when cash payments are received or due in advance of performance. Payment terms vary by customer and type of
revenue contract. The Company generally expects that the period of time between payment and transfer of promised goods or services will be less than one year. In such instances, the Company has elected the practical expedient to not evaluate whether
a significant financing component exists. As permitted under the practical expedient available under ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ), the Company does not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance
obligations for (i) contracts with an original expected length of one year or less, and (ii) contracts for which the Company recognizes revenue at the amount which it has the right to invoice for services performed. 
 Other revenue consists of leasing revenues for facilities as well as external repair work performed on customer aircraft. 
 Revenue Disaggregation The
following shows the disaggregation of revenue by service for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Fire suppression 

38,845,227 

30,442,001 

Aerial surveillance 

7,215,997 

8,632,535 

Other services 

326,739 

309,646 

Total revenues 

46,387,963 

39,384,182 

The following shows the disaggregation of revenue by type for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Flight revenue 

25,105,027 

20,377,442 

Standby revenue 

20,772,018 

18,550,067 

Other revenue 

510,918 

456,673 

Total revenues 

46,387,963 

39,384,182 

Concentration Risk 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had one customer who individually accounted for 95 of total revenues. As of
December 31, 2022, one customer accounted for 62 of accounts receivable. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company had two customers who individually accounted for 74 and 18 of total revenues, respectively. As of
December 31, 2021, one customer accounted for 92 of accounts receivable. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

Income Taxes 
 The Company is treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. Consequently, federal income taxes are not payable or provided for by
the Company. Members are taxed individually on their pro rata ownership share of the Company s earnings. The Company s net income or loss is allocated among the members in accordance with the Company s operating agreement. 
 Segment Reporting Operating
segments are defined as components of an entity for which separate financial information is available and that is regularly reviewed by the Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM in deciding how to allocate resources to an individual
segment and in assessing performance. The Company s Chief Executive Officer is the Company s CODM. The Company manages its operations as a single segment for purposes of assessing performance, making operating decisions and allocating
resources. This one operating and reporting segment primarily focuses on aerial firefighting. Concentration of Credit Risk 
 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial
institution, which, at times may exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Coverage of 250 thousand. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not experience losses on these accounts and management believes the
Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. Hedging Transactions and Derivative Financial Instruments 
 The Company is directly and indirectly affected by changes in certain market conditions. These changes in market conditions may adversely
impact the Company s financial performance and are referred to as market risks. The Company, when deemed appropriate, uses derivatives as a risk management tool to mitigate the potential impact of certain market risks. The Company
manages interest rate risk through the use of derivative instruments. A swap agreement is a contract between two parties to exchange cash flows based on specified underlying notional amounts, assets and/or indices. The Company does not enter into
derivative financial instruments for trading purposes. The accounting for gains and losses that result from changes in the fair values of
derivative instruments depends on whether the derivatives have been designated and qualify as hedging instruments and the type of hedging relationships. The changes in fair values of derivatives that have been designated and qualify as cash flow
hedges are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and are reclassified into the line item in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss in which the hedged items are recorded in the same period the hedged items affect earnings.
 The Company formally assesses whether the financial instruments used in hedging transactions are effective at offsetting changes in
either the fair values or cash flows of the related underlying exposures. Any ineffective portion of a financial instrument s change in fair value is immediately recognized into earnings. The fair value is based on prevailing market data and
using standard valuation models based on reasonable estimates about future relevant market conditions. Refer to Note 13 Long-term Debt. The notional amounts of the derivative financial instruments do not necessarily represent amounts
exchanged by the parties and, therefore, are not a direct measure of the Company s exposure to the financial risks described above. Grants
 The Company applies for and receives new hire, training and other grants. In December 2020, the Big Sky Economic Development Trust
Fund Job Creation Program awarded 5 thousand per employee for eligible Gallatin Valley new hires in 2021 up to 138 thousand, net of fees. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had received approval and reimbursement for
 101 thousand. The grant completion date was December 31, 2021, at which point 37 thousand remained unused. Grants are recognized as reductions of expense when received in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

Paycheck Protection Program 
 Under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ), on April 16, 2020, a Company SBA loan application was approved and the Company
received loan proceeds in the amount of 774 thousand. On April 2, 2021, this PPP loan was forgiven in full by the SBA and removed from the Company s Balance Sheet under Section 1106 of the CARES Act. The forgiveness of this loan
was recognized in Other income on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company has accounted for this under the guidance of ASC 470. Net
Loss Per Share Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss attributable to the common shareholders by the
weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss attributable to the common shareholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the
period, adjusted for the impact of securities that would have a dilutive effect on net loss per share. Commitments and Contingencies 
 Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims, assessments, litigation, fines, penalties and other sources are recorded when it is
probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Legal costs incurred in connection with loss contingencies are expensed as incurred. 
 Collaboration Agreements The
Company analyzes its collaboration arrangement to assess if it is within the scope of ASC Topic 808, Collaborative Agreements ASC 808 by determining whether such an arrangement involves joint operating activities performed by parties
that are both active participants in the activities and exposed to significant risks and rewards dependent on the commercial success of such activities. This assessment is performed throughout the life of the arrangement based on changes in the
responsibilities of all parties in the arrangement. If the Company concluded that it has a customer relationship with its collaborator, the collaboration arrangement would be accounted for under ASC 606. 
 Stock-Based Compensation The
Company accounts for its stock-based compensation in accordance with provisions of ASC 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 at the grant date fair value. 
 Select board members and an executive were granted incentive unit awards Incentive Units which contain service and performance
vesting conditions. Compensation cost for Incentive Units is measured at their grant-date fair value and is equal to the value of the Company s Class D Common shares, which is estimated using an option pricing model. Compensation cost for
service based units is recognized over the requisite service period on a straight-line basis. For performance related units, expense is recognized when the performance related condition is considered probable. 
 Advertising Expense Advertising
costs are expensed as incurred and are included in Selling, general and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. Advertising expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 687 thousand and
 89 thousand, respectively. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326):
Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. The amendments in this ASU replace the incurred loss model for recognition of credit losses with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses over the life of the loan and requires
consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to calculate credit loss estimates. The new guidance is effective for the Company for its fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods
within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new accounting guidance on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-04, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350):
Intangibles - Goodwill and Other: Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. This update modifies the concept of impairment from the condition that exists when the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value to the condition that
exists when the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value. In order to reduce complexity, an entity no longer will determine goodwill impairment by calculating the implied fair value of goodwill by assigning the fair value of a
reporting unit to all of its assets and liabilities as if that reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination. The new guidance is effective for the Company for its fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company is
currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new accounting guidance on the Company s consolidated financial statements. In March
2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting, and in January 2021, issued ASU No. 2021-01, Reference Rate Reform: Scope. These updates provide optional expedients and exceptions for applying US GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships and other transactions affected by reference
rate reform if certain criteria are met. The optional guidance is provided to ease the potential burden of accounting for reference rate reform. The guidance is effective and could be adopted no later than December 31, 2022. In December 2022,
the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-06, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848, to extend the temporary accounting rules under Topic 848 from December 31, 2022 to
December 31, 2024. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new accounting guidance on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 Note 3 Cash Equivalents and Investments in Marketable Securities 
 The investments in marketable securities are classified as
 available-for-sale debt securities with short-term maturities of less than one year. The fair values, gross unrealized gains and losses of the available-for-sale securities by type are as follows: 

As of December 31, 2022 

Carrying Value 

Cash equivalents 

Commercial paper 

29,890,313 

Money market fund 

12,640 

Total cash equivalents 

29,902,953 

Restricted cash 

Money market fund 

9,284,362 

89 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022 

Purchase Price 

Unrealized Gains 

Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

Investment in marketable securities 

Commercial paper 

32,635,849 

277,674 

32,913,523 

Corporate bonds and notes 

15,413,122 

3,668 

15,416,790 

Government securities 

6,658,634 

(8,791) 

6,649,843 

Total marketable securities 

54,707,605 

281,342 

(8,791) 

54,980,156 

The net unrealized gain included in accumulated other comprehensive income for the year ended
December 31, 2022 is 273 thousand. The Company did not have investments in marketable securities as of December 31, 2021. 
 The proceeds from sales of available-for-sale securities and
gross realized gains included in earnings for the year ended December 31, 2022 are 5,500 thousand and 627 thousand, respectively. The Company determines gains and losses using the first-in first-out method. There have been no impairments measured and no amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Note 4 Accounts Receivable Accounts
receivable consisted of the following: 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Trade accounts receivable 

28,902 

Other receivables 

34,992 

Total accounts receivable 

28,902 

34,992 

Note 5 Aircraft Support Parts 
 Aircraft support parts consist of the following: 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Repairables and expendables 

1,734,292 

1,855,143 

Other support parts 

26,978 

89,517 

Total aircraft support parts 

1,761,270 

1,944,660 

Note 6 Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets consist of the following: 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Prepaid insurance 

968,721 

1,202,946 

Prepaid subscriptions 

770,724 

1,559,266 

Other current assets 

95,587 

63,475 

Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 

1,835,032 

2,825,687 

90 

Table of Contents 

Note 7 Property, Plant and Equipment, net 
 Property, plant and equipment, net consist of the following: 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Aircraft 

158,235,666 

121,824,576 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

(16,418,098) 

(8,451,678) 

Aircraft, net 

141,817,568 

113,372,898 

Construction-in-progress -
Aircraft 

16,992,010 

33,792,009 

Buildings 

16,519,231 

16,465,087 

Vehicles and equipment 

4,687,955 

2,859,568 

Construction-in-progress -
Buildings 

13,780,316 

3,293,229 

Finance lease right-of-use-asset 

130,378 

121,399 

Licenses 

234,682 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

(2,070,727) 

(1,226,881) 

Buildings and equipment, net 

33,281,835 

21,512,402 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

192,091,413 

168,677,309 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded 7,864 thousand and 1,136 thousand
of depreciation expenses in Cost of revenues and Selling, general and administrative expense, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded 6,046 thousand and 595 thousand of depreciation expenses in Cost
of revenues and Selling, general and administrative expense, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
Company recorded losses on disposals and sale of assets of 1,769 thousand and 996 thousand, respectively, in Selling, general and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations related to the obsolescence of aging
aircraft. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, capitalized interest to equipment from debt financing was
 677 thousand and 89 thousand, respectively. Aircraft that is currently being manufactured is considered construction in process and is not depreciated until the aircraft is placed into service. Aircraft that is temporarily not in service
is not depreciated until placed into service. Note 8 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 The Company s goodwill originated from the acquisition of MA, LLC in April 2018. The carrying amount of goodwill was 2,458 thousand
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. There were no impairment charges recorded for goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Other intangible assets consisted of the following: 

As of December 31, 2022 

Estimated Life (Years) 
 
 Gross Carrying amount 

Accumulated Amortization 

Net Carrying Amount 

Licenses 
 
 10 

67,623 

(47,177) 

20,446 

Internal-use software 
 
 3 

296,675 

(108,925) 

187,750 

Total intangible assets 

364,298 

(156,102) 

208,196 

91 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2021 

Estimated Life (Years) 

Gross Carrying amount 

Accumulated Amortization 

Net Carrying Amount 

Licenses 

10 

85,131 

(45,229) 

39,902 

Internal-use software 

3 

73,601 

(28,623) 

44,978 

Capitalized internal-use software in progress 

N/A 

223,074 

223,074 

Total intangible assets 

381,806 

(73,852) 

307,954 

During 2018, intangible assets arose from the acquisition of MA, LLC. These intangibles relate to the value of
the FAA part certification licenses acquired as a part of the business. During 2020, the Company created a website for internal-use specific for the tracking of fire-fighting assets and contract deliverables to support operations. Additional internal-use software is in progress for the
development of an application meant to provide end-users with consolidated imagery and data regarding critical wildfire incidents. This included costs associated with salaries, administration expenses and
contractor fees. Amortization expense for intangible assets and other noncurrent assets was 91 thousand and 33 thousand for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization expense is included in Selling, general and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Future amortization expense for intangible assets subject to amortization is: 

Year Ending December 31: 

2023 

105,654 

2024 

95,621 

2025 

6,762 

2026 

159 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

208,196 

Note 9 Other noncurrent assets 
 Other noncurrent assets consisted of the following: 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Investment in Overwatch 

1,000,000 

1,000,000 

Operating lease
 right-of-use asset 

671,054 

577,086 

Interest rate swap 

1,407,135 

25,482 

Prepaid subscriptions 

1,246,128 

Other assets 

31,908 

Total other noncurrent assets 

4,356,225 

1,602,568 

92 

Table of Contents 

Note 10 Accrued Expense and Other Liabilities 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities consisted of the following: 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Accrued salaries, wages, and bonuses 

6,515,774 

1,636,000 

Finance
 right-of-use liability 

68,310 

82,944 

Accrued professional fees 

2,291,469 

Embedded derivative of Series C Preferred shares 

1,039,330 

Accrued interest expense and other accrued liabilities 

6,614,065 

212,649 

Total accrued expenses and other liabilities 

16,528,948 

1,931,593 

Less: Current accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

(16,483,289) 

(474,644) 

Total long-term accrued expenses and other noncurrent liabilities 

45,659 

1,456,949 

The Company s bonus pool was accrued throughout the year and was based upon 2022 performance milestones.
On August 19, 2022, the Company also granted 10.1 million of discretionary cash bonuses to employees and executives in connection with the issuance of the Bridger Series C Preferred Shares, issuance of the Series 2022 Bonds and execution
of the Transaction Agreements. As of December 31, 2022, 3,087 thousand of the discretionary cash bonuses remained accrued and unpaid. 
 Note 11 Interest Rate Swap 
 The Company assesses interest rate cash flow risk by continually identifying and monitoring changes in interest rate exposures that may
adversely affect expected future cash flows and by evaluating hedging opportunities. The Company entered an interest rate swap with Rocky
Mountain Bank RMB on March 12, 2020 to reduce risk related to variable-rate debt from the term loan, which was subject to changes in market rates of interest as discussed in Note 13- 
Long-term Debt. The interest rate swap is designated as a cash flow hedge. The Company records its corresponding derivative asset on a gross basis in Other noncurrent assets at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Each month, the Company makes interest payments to RMB under its loan agreement based on the current applicable
 one-month LIBOR rate plus the contractual LIBOR margin then in effect with respect to the term loan, without reflecting the interest rate swap. At the end of each calendar month, the Company receives or makes
payments on the interest rate swap difference, if any, based on the receive interest rate set forth in the table below. Interest payments on the Company s term loan and payments received or made on the interest rate swap are reported net in the
Consolidated Statements of Operations as interest expense. The Company had the following interest rate swap designated as a cash flow
hedge: 

As of December 31,
2022 
 
 Effective 
 
 Date 
 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 
 Notional 
 Amount 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 Pay Fixed 
 
 Receive Rate 

4/15/2020 
 
 3/15/2030 
 
 11,110,484 
 
 1,407,135 
 
 3.887 
 
 1 Month LIBOR + 2.5 

As of December 31,
2021 
 
 Effective 
 
 Date 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Notional 
 Amount 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 Pay Fixed 
 
 Receive Rate 

4/15/2020 
 
 3/15/2030 
 
 11,754,570 
 
 25,482 
 
 3.887 
 
 1 Month LIBOR + 2.5 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 

The Company accounts for the interest rate swap as a cash flow hedge for accounting purposes
under US GAAP. The Company reflects the effect of this hedging transaction in the consolidated financial statements. The unrealized gain is reported in other comprehensive income. If the Company terminates the interest rate swap agreement, the
cumulative change in fair value at the date of termination would be reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income, which is classified in members deficit, into earnings on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. No amounts were
reclassified relating to the Company s designated cash flow hedge during 2022 or 2021. Note 12 - Fair Value Measurements 
 Long-term debt, net of debt issuance costs 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has 156,329 thousand of fixed rate and 51,589 thousand of variable rate debt outstanding.
Based on current market rates, the fair value of the fixed rate debt as of December 31, 2022 was estimated to be 161,793 thousand. The majority of the fixed rate debt was entered into recently, and therefore, based on current market rates.
The Company estimated the fair value of the fixed rate debt using quoted market prices (Level 2 inputs) within the fair value hierarchy. The variable rate debt approximates fair value based on the closing or estimated market prices of similar
securities comparable to the Company s debts as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Debt financing activities and loan agreements are further described in Note 13. 
 Recurring Fair Value Measurement 
 Our cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other current assets and liabilities (excluding
derivative instruments) are carried at amounts which reasonably approximate their fair values due to their short-term nature. The
following tables summarizes the Company s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, by level, within the fair value hierarchy: 

As of December 31, 2022 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Assets 

Cash 

259,522 

Cash equivalents: 

Commercial paper 

29,890,313 

Money market fund 

12,640 

Total Cash and cash equivalents 

272,162 

29,890,313 

Restricted cash: 

Money market fund 

9,284,362 

Other restricted cash 

3,012,789 

Total Restricted cash 

12,297,151 

Investments in marketable securities 

54,980,156 

Interest rate swap 

1,407,135 

Total assets 

12,569,313 

86,277,604 

Liabilities 

Embedded derivative of Series C Preferred shares 

1,039,330 

Total liabilities 

1,039,330 

94 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2021 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

13,689,091 

Restricted cash 

3,572,041 

Interest rate swap 

25,482 

Total assets 

17,261,132 

25,482 

Liabilities 

Mandatorily redeemable Series B Preferred shares 

66,412,637 

Total liabilities 

66,412,637 

Interest Rate Swap 
 The Company s derivative financial instruments are measured at fair value on a recurring basis based on quoted market prices or using
standard valuation models as described in Note 11 - Interest Rate Swap. The notional amounts of the derivative financial instruments do not necessarily represent amounts exchanged by the parties and, therefore, are not a direct measure of our
exposure to the financial risks described in Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. The fair value of the Company s
interest rate swap agreement was determined based on the present value of expected future cash flows using discount rates appropriate with the terms of the swap agreement. The fair value indicates an estimated amount the Company would be required to
receive if the contracts were canceled or transferred to other parties. The Company used a Level 2 valuation methodology to assess this interest rate swap. 
 Mandatorily Redeemable Series B Preferred shares 
 The Company s mandatorily redeemable Series B Preferred shares are measured at fair value based on capital contributions, plus accrued but
unpaid interest. The Series B Preferred shares were redeemed during the year ended December 31, 2022 as furthered discussed in Note 19 Mandatorily Redeemable Preferred Stock. 
 Embedded derivative of Series C Preferred shares 
 The Company identified a redemption feature of the Series C Preferred shares that required bifurcation from the host instrument as an embedded
derivative liability, as discussed in Note 18 Mezzanine Equity. The embedded derivative was initially valued and remeasured using a with-and-without 
method. The with-and-without methodology involved valuing the entire instrument both with and without the embedded derivative using a discounted cash flow
approach. Under this methodology, the difference in the estimated fair value between the instrument with the embedded derivative and the instrument without the embedded derivative represents the estimated fair value of the embedded derivative. This
valuation methodology is based on unobservable estimates and judgements, and therefore is classified as a Level 3 fair value measurement. The significant unobservable input used in the estimated fair value measurement of the embedded derivative
is the timing for which the Company may be in default of certain financing facilities that would require an increase of 2 interest per annum to be accrued by the holders of the Series C Preferred shares. 
 Commercial Paper and Investments in marketable securities 
 The fair values of the commercial paper and available-for-sale 
marketable securities are based on observable market prices, and therefore classified as a Level 2 fair value measurement. Refer to Note 3 Cash Equivalents and Investments in Marketable Securities for additional details. 
 95 

Table of Contents 

Non-Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
 The Company measures certain assets at fair value on a non-recurring basis, including long-lived assets
and goodwill and cost and equity method investments, which are evaluated for impairment. Long-lived assets include property, plant and equipment, net, and certain intangible assets. The inputs used to determine the fair value of long-lived assets
are considered Level 3 measurements due to their subjective nature. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have
any significant assets or liabilities that were remeasured at fair value on a non-recurring basis in periods subsequent to initial recognition. 
 Note 13 Long-term Debt 
 Long-term debt consisted of the following: 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Permanent loan agreement, dated August 21, 2020, greater of Prime + 1.5 or 4.75 interest
rate, maturing August 21, 2035 

18,852,476 

19,000,000 

Permanent loan agreement, dated October 1, 2020, greater of Prime + 1.5 or 4.75 interest
rate, maturing October 1, 2035 

18,924,229 

19,000,000 

Term loan agreement dated September 30, 2019, LIBOR + 2.5 , maturing March 15,
2030 

11,110,484 

11,754,570 

Term loan agreement dated February 3, 2020, LIBOR + 2.5 , maturing February 3,
2027 

4,371,000 

4,929,000 

Taxable industrial revenue bonds, dated February 24, 2021, 6.5 interest rates, maturing
February 21, 2040 

7,330,000 

Taxable industrial revenue bonds, dated July 21, 2022, 11.5 interest rates, maturing
September 1, 2027 

160,000,000 

Various term loan agreements with earliest start at November 18, 2020, 3.89-4.52 interest rates, latest maturation on November 18, 2022 

554,940 

Various term loan agreements, with earliest start at September 9, 2021, 5-5.5 interest rates, latest maturation on November 17, 2027 

317,073 

170,763 

Loans payable 

213,575,262 

62,739,273 

Less: noncurrent debt issuance costs 

(4,664,552) 

(2,303,974) 

Less: current debt issuance costs 

(993,157) 

(161,900) 

Less: current portion of long-term debt, net of debt issuance costs 

(2,445,595) 

(2,155,926) 

Total long-term debt, net of debt issuance costs 

205,471,958 

58,117,473 

2020 Loan Agreements 
 In 2020, the Company entered into two separate credit facilities brokered through Live Oak Bank LOB and backed by the US
Department of Agriculture USDA for the completed purchase of the Company s first two Viking Cl415EAF aircraft. The Company issued two 19,000 thousand promissory notes to LOB, established as
 15-year maturity, first 2 years interest only payments monthly, then 13-year term principal plus interest due monthly at the rate of the greater of prime plus 1.5 or
4.75 per annum. The first of these notes was issued on August 21, 2020 and the second was issued October 1, 2020 to BAT1, LLC and BAT2, LLC, respectively. Debt issuance costs for BAT1 and BAT2 were 951 thousand and
 877 thousand, respectively. Both of these notes are subject to financial covenants requiring the Company to maintain a debt service coverage ratio DSCR ), generally calculated as the ratio of the net cash flow (as defined in the
applicable note agreements) to the amount of interest and servicing fees required to be paid over the succeeding 12 months on the principal amount of the note, as applicable, that will be outstanding on the payment date following such date of
determination, that exceeds 1.25x at the aircraft or entity level and for the Company s debt to worth ratio to not exceed 5.00x at the aircraft or entity level. 
 On February 3, 2020, the Company entered into a credit facility with RMB to finance in part the purchase of four Quest Kodiak aircraft. A
promissory note was issued for 5,580 thousand, established as a 7-year maturity, first 8 months interest only payments monthly, 60 day draw period, then 76-month 
term plus principal interest due monthly on a 10-year amortization at the rate of 1 month LIBOR plus 2.5 . Debt issuance costs for this loan was 86 thousand. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

The Company also maintained a credit facility with RMB issued in 2019 for
 12,882 thousand, established as a 10-year maturity, 6-month draw period, first 6 months interest only payments monthly, then
 10-year term principal plus interest due monthly on a 20-year amortization at the rate of 1 month LIBOR plus 2.5 . Debt issuance costs for this loan were
 116 thousand. Both of these notes with RMB are subject to financial covenants requiring the Company to maintain a debt service coverage ratio DSCR ), calculated as the ratio of adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the applicable note
agreements) to the amount of interest and principal payments for the fiscal year ending on the compliance date, that exceeds 1.25x for the Company. These notes are also subject to financial covenants requiring the Company to maintain a Senior
Leverage Ratio on a quarterly basis not to exceed 7.00 to 1.00 through Quarter 3, 2024, 6.00 to 1.00 through Quarter 3, 2025 and 5.00 to 1.00 thereafter. This is calculated as Total Funded Senior Debt (as defined in the applicable note agreements)
less municipal debt, divided by adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the applicable note agreements). In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the U.S. Small Business Administration (the SBA made available low-interest rate loans to qualified small businesses, including under its
Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP ). On April 7, 2020, in order to supplement its cash balance, the Company applied for this PPP loan. On April 16, 2020, the Company s SBA loan application was approved, and the Company
received loan proceeds in the amount of 774 thousand. The SBA loan had an interest rate of 1 and was scheduled to mature on April 16, 2022. On April 2, 2021, this PPP loan was forgiven in full by the SBA and removed from the
Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets under Section 1106 of the CARES Act. The forgiveness of this loan was recognized in Other income on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 The Company entered into a short-term loan to finance aviation insurance premiums through Insurance Premium Financing Leader IPFS on November 18, 2020. This was financed for 432 thousand with a maturity of one year and at a rate of 4.52 . No debt issuance costs were incurred. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company was not in violation of the Senior Leverage Ratio requirement related to the credit facilities
entered with RMB, as RMB amended the loan agreements prior to year-end. These amendments modified the definition of EBITDA to be used in the Senior Leverage Ratio calculation to include certain allowable
addbacks and modified the timing requirement of the Senior Leverage Ratio. 2021 Loan Agreements 
 On February 24, 2021, the Company issued taxable industrial development revenue bonds under the CUSIP of Gallatin County for
 7,330 thousand 2021 Bonds ). This was done through an offering of the first tranche of which the Company is approved to issue up to 160,000 thousand. These proceeds are designated to finance the construction and equipping of
the Company s third aircraft hangar in Belgrade, Montana. They were issued with a 15-year maturity, first two years interest only payments monthly at the rate of 6.5 . Debt issuance costs for this loan
were 570 thousand. On July 21, 2022, upon the closing of a taxable industrial development revenue bond transaction under the
CUSIP of Gallatin County for 160,000 thousand 2022 Bonds ), the Company redeemed in full the 2021 Bonds, and recorded a loss of 845 thousand on debt extinguishment in Other (expense) income in the Consolidated Statements of
Operations. The Company re-entered into a new short-term loan to finance aviation insurance
premiums with IPFS on November 18, 2021. This was financed for 610 thousand with a maturity of one year and at a rate of 3.89 . No debt issuance costs were incurred. 
 The Company entered into six various term loan agreements for the purchase of vehicles through First Interstate Bank with the earliest date of
September 9, 2021. These loans ranged from 29 thousand to 66 thousand and were at rates from 5 to 5.5 and at durations from 5 to 6 years, with the latest maturation on November 17, 2027. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

2022 Loan Agreements 
 The Company entered into two various term loan agreements for the purchase of vehicles through First Interstate Bank with the date of
April 21, 2022. These loans ranged from 65 thousand to 72 thousand and were at a rate of 4.8 and at a duration of 5 years, with the maturation on May 5, 2027. 
 On July 21, 2022, the Company closed on the 2022 Bonds, upon which the Company received from aggregate proceeds of 135,000 thousand
on July 21, 2022 and 25,000 thousand on August 10, 2022. The proceeds were designated to redeem in full the 2021 Bonds and the Series A Preferred shares, to finance the construction and equipping of the Company s third and
fourth aircraft hangar in Belgrade, Montana and to fund the purchase of additional CL415EAF aircraft. The 2022 Bonds mature on September 1, 2027, with an annual interest rate of 11.5 payable semiannually on March 1 and September 1 of
each year, commencing on September 1, 2022. Debt issuance costs for the 2022 Bonds were 4,224 thousand. The 2022 Bonds are
subject to redemption or prepayment prior to maturity, as follows: (a) optional redemption in whole or in part, on any day thereafter at par plus accrued interest, and on certain dates, a premium; (b) mandatory redemption at par plus any
premium applicable to optional redemptions and a 3 premium if such redemptions are made prior to September 1, 2025, in whole or in part, in the event of the occurrence of certain events; and (c) extraordinary redemption at par plus
accrued interest due to the occurrence of certain casualty, condemnation, or other unexpected events. Optional redemptions are subject to 3 , 2 , and 0 premiums if redemptions are made on or after September 1, 2025, September 2026, and
September 2027, respectively. At the Company s direction, the 2022 Bonds may be redeemed by Gallatin County at any time, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount plus accrued interest upon the occurrence of certain events.
The 2022 Bonds are subject to financial covenants requiring the Company to maintain a DSCR that exceeds 1.25x commencing with the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2023, operate in such a manner to produce gross revenues so as to be at all
relevant times in compliance with the DSCR covenant and have 8,000 thousand in the form of cash or investments (excluding margin accounts and retirement accounts) at all times and to be reported. 
 Amortization of debt issuance costs was 601 thousand and 173 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. Principal maturities of the outstanding debt as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

Year Ending December 31: 

2023 

3,438,752 

2024 

3,544,234 

2025 

3,664,628 

2026 

3,780,164 

2027 

165,430,178 

Thereafter 

33,717,306 

Total 

213,575,262 

Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies 
 Legal Matters From time to time,
the Company is subject to various litigation and other claims in the normal course of business. No amounts have been accrued in the consolidated financial statements with respect to any matters. 
 Due to the nature of our business, we may become, from time to time, involved in routine litigation or subject to disputes or claims related
to our business activities. In the opinion of our management, there are no pending litigation, disputes or claims against us which, if decided adversely, will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows or results of
operations. In the ordinary course of its operations, the Company will continue to vigorously enforce its legal and contractual rights to ensure that its business and operations continue on an unimpaired basis. 
 98 

Table of Contents 

Commitments 
 On April 13, 2018, the Company executed an aircraft purchase agreement with Longview Aviation Asset Management, Inc. and Viking Air
Limited Viking for the purchase of six Viking CL415EAF aircraft. Payments made under the aircraft purchase agreement were 9,098 thousand and 19,381 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
 Un-invoiced commitments were 9,098 thousand and 18,196 thousand as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 On January 21, 2021, the Company entered as statement of work with Viking Air Limited Viking to provide a Supplemental
Structural Life Management Program SSLMP Subscription. This program is a 5-year subscription service providing the Company with a structural program for the 6 CL415EAF purchased aircraft to meet
contractual inspection requirements from the US Forest Service. The undiscounted cost of the program will be 3,500 thousand payable through the delivery of the 6 th aircraft, the first
payment of which was due and paid January 2021. On March 23, 2022, the Company entered into a statement of work with Sievert
Construction, Inc Sievert for the construction of a hangar at the Bozeman Yellowstone International Airport in Belgrade, Montana. Payments made under the agreement were 9,810 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022.
There were no payments made for construction of the hangar under the Sievert contract for the year ended December 31, 2021. Un-invoiced commitments were 3,756 thousand as of December 31, 2022.
 As of December 31, 2022, future payments related to the purchase of aircraft under the aircraft purchase agreement and for the
construction of the hangar are as follows: 

As of December 31: 
 
 Aircraft 

Hangar 

2023 

9,097,771 

3,755,517 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

9,097,771 

3,755,517 

Leases 
 Under ASC 842, leases are separated into two classifications: operating leases and financial leases. Lease classification under ASC 842 is
relatively similar to ASC 840. For a lease to be classified as a finance lease, it must meet one of the five finance lease criteria: (1) transference of title/ownership to the lessee, (2) reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option,
(3) lease term for major part of the remaining economic life of the asset, (4) present value represents substantially all of the fair value of the asset and (5) asset specialization. Any lease that does not meet these criteria is
classified as an operating lease. ASC 842 requires all leases to be recognized on the Company s balance sheet. Specifically, for operating leases, the Company recognizes an ROU asset and a corresponding lease liability upon lease commitment.
 Company as a lessee The Company is
the lessee in a lease contract when the Company obtains the right to use the asset. Operating leases are included in the line items. The ROU asset represents the Company s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease
obligations represent the Company s obligations to make lease payments arising from the lease, both of which are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term at the commencement date. The
Company has also elected the short-term lease exception. Leases with a term of 12 months or less at inception are not recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are expensed on a straight-line basis over the lease term in our Consolidated
Statements of Operations. The Company determines the lease term by agreement with the lessor. Options to renew are considered in lease terms if reasonably considered to be exercised. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

ASC 842 requires a lessee to use the rate implicit in the lease whenever that rate is
readily determinable, otherwise the incremental borrowing rate IBR should be used. Given the nature of the Company s lease portfolio, which consists of leases of hangar spaces, aircraft, vehicles, copiers, buildings, aircraft
equipment, this information is not readily available. As a result, the Company is not able to use the borrowing rate implicit in the lease but will use its incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate. The IBR is the rate of interest that a
lessee would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment. The determination of the incremental borrowing rate requires judgment and is determined using
the Company s current unsecured borrowing rate. The following schedule represents the components of the Company s operating and
finance lease assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

As of December 31, 

Leases 
 
 Classification 
 
 2022 

2021 

Assets 

Operating lease
 right-of-use asset 
 
 Other noncurrent assets 

671,054 

577,086 

Finance lease
 right-of-use asset 
 
 Property, plant and equipment, net 

61,933 

79,701 

Liabilities 

Operating lease
 right-of-use liabilities (current) 
 
 Operating right-of-use liability (current) 

21,484 

4,973 

Finance lease
 right-of-use liabilities (current) 
 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

22,651 

6,928 

Operating lease
 right-of-use liabilities (non-current) 
 
 Operating right-of-use liability (noncurrent) 

754,673 

608,571 

Finance lease
 right-of-use liabilities (non-current) 
 
 Accrued expenses and other noncurrent liabilities 

45,659 

76,016 
 
 The Company leases various property and premises on a short-term basis and leases some of its premises under non-cancelable operating leases that expire on various dates through January 2051. The Company recorded
 493 thousand and 785 thousand of expenses associated with these operating leases in Cost of Revenues and Selling, general and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021. The Company recorded expenses associated with finance leases in Cost of revenues and Selling, general and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Operating lease cost includes 204 thousand of short-term
lease expense and 182 thousand of variable lease expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. Operating lease cost includes 104 thousand of short-term lease expense and 576 thousand of variable lease expense for the year
ended December 31, 2021. Supplemental cash flow information related to leases is as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: 

Operating cash flows from operating leases 

(58,047) 

(51,039) 
 
 Operating cash flows from finance leases 

(8,671) 

(9,613) 
 
 Financing cash flows from finance leases 

(26,747) 

(23,310) 

Right-of-use 
assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities: 

Operating leases 

129,576 

619,599 

100 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022, future minimum lease payments with a weighted average
remaining lease term of 24.6 years are as follows: 

Operating Leases 

Finance Leases 

Year Ending December 31: 

2023 

56,702 

28,700 

2024 

60,501 

25,616 

2025 

60,501 

21,036 

2026 

65,046 

4,369 

2027 

69,592 

Thereafter 

2,376,822 

Total lease payments 

2,689,164 

79,721 

Less: interest 

1,913,007 

11,411 

Total lease liabilities 

776,157 

68,310 

Company as a lessor 
 The Company acts as a lessor of a facility and records this as Other Revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Lease revenue was
 253 thousand and 276 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The lease is a sublet arrangement and classified as an operating lease. This lease expired in 2022 and was not renewed. The minimum lease
payments received were recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The leased asset was included in Property, Plant and Equipment, net in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and depreciated over its estimated useful life. There were no
variable lease conditions or purchase options. Note 15 Collaborations 
 On February 22, 2022, the Company entered into a collaboration agreement (the Collaboration Agreement with Overwatch Imaging,
Inc. Overwatch ), a Delaware corporation, under which the Company and Overwatch collaborate to develop and implement FireTrac. FireTrac is a program in which the Company will collect timely imagery of areas affected by wildland fire
using Overwatch s products and services. Overwatch agrees to provide the products and services at a discount to the Company under
the Collaboration Agreement. Overwatch s products and services under the Collaboration Agreement include, but not limited to, imaging systems, software engineer labor related to software-as-a-service support, labor related to sensor operations, and cloud-based image data web service. In exchange, the Company agrees to pay Overwatch a 7.5 share of revenue from FireTrac on a
quarterly basis. As stipulated under the Collaboration Agreement, FireTrac is not expected to generate revenue until the second quarter of 2023. 
 The Collaboration Agreement will end upon termination by (i) a mutual agreement between the Company and Overwatch, (ii) either or
both parties upon revenue payment to Overwatch not meeting certain thresholds stipulated in the Collaboration Agreement within the second, third, or fourth anniversary of the effective date of the Collaboration Agreement, or (ii) either party
upon a material breach of the Collaboration Agreement uncured within thirty (30) days after written notice from the non-breaching party. 
 The Company determined that both the Company and Overwatch are active participants and exposed to the significant risks and rewards of the
collaboration under the Collaboration Agreement. The Company does not consider its obligations under the Collaboration Agreement as an output of the Company s ordinary activities in exchange for consideration and Overwatch is not considered a
customer under ASC 606. Therefore, the Company considers the collaboration to be within the scope of ASC 808. For the year ended
December 31, 2022, the Company recorded 832 thousand of purchases of imaging systems under the Collaboration Agreement in Property, plant and equipment, net, and 366 thousand of engineering services provided by Overwatch under the
Collaboration Agreement in Selling, general and administrative expense. 
 101 

Table of Contents 

Note 16 Stock-Based Compensation 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company granted Incentive Units to selected board members and executives. Within
each grant, 80 of the Incentive Units vest annually over a four year period subject to continued service by the grantee (the Time-Vesting Incentive Units ), and the remaining 20 of the Incentive Units vest upon a qualifying change of
control event (the Exit-Vesting Incentive Units ). Notwithstanding the above, any unvested Time-Vesting Incentive Units will become vested if a qualifying change of control event occurs prior to the respective award s four year
service-based vesting period. Upon termination of the board member or executive, the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to repurchase all or any portion of the vested Incentive Units at fair market value. 
 For the Time-Vesting Incentive Units, compensation cost is recognized over the requisite service period on a straight-line basis. Upon a
qualifying change of control event, the unrecognized compensation expense related to the Time-Vesting Incentive Units will be recognized when the change of control event is considered probable. For the Exit-Vesting Incentive Units, expense is
recognized when a qualifying change of control event is considered probable, which has not occurred as of December 31, 2022. Forfeitures are accounted for as they occur. 
 Compensation cost for the Incentive Units is measured at their grant-date fair value. 
 The value of the Company s common shares is derived through an option pricing model, which incorporates various assumptions. Use of a
valuation model requires management to make certain assumptions with respect to selected model inputs. Expected volatility was calculated based on the observed equity volatility for comparable companies. The expected time to liquidity event is based
on management s estimate of time to an expected liquidity event. The dividend yield was based on the Company s expected dividend rate. The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury
 zero-coupon issues. The weighted-average assumptions the Company used in the option pricing model for 2021 are as follows: 

Dividend yield ) 

0 

Expected volatility ) 

46.5 

Risk-free interest rate ) 

1.26 

Term (in years) 

5.00 

Discount for lack of marketability ) 

30 
 
 Incentive Unit activity under the Plan for the period from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 was
as follows: 

Time-Vesting Incentive Units 

Exit-Vesting Incentive Units 

Number of Awards 

Weighted average grant date fair value 

Number of Awards 

Weighted average grant date fair value 

Unvested as of January 1, 2022 

242,424 

0.15 

80,808 

0.11 

Granted 

Vested 

80,808 

0.11 

Forfeited 

Unvested as of December 31, 2022 

161,616 

0.17 

80,808 

0.11 

On October 4, 2021, one of the Company s board members resigned from his board seat. At the time of
his resignation, 25 of his Time-Vesting Incentive Units had vested and the Company agreed to accelerate the vesting of all of his remaining unvested Time-Vesting Incentive Units and Exit-Vesting Incentive Units. 
 102 

Table of Contents 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized stock-based compensation
expense of 9 thousand within Selling, general and administrative expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the stock-based compensation expense related to the Incentive Units did not have
a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2022, there was 27 thousand and 9 thousand of unrecognized compensation expense related to the unvested Time-Vesting Incentive Units and
Exit-Vesting Incentive Units, respectively. Note 17 Related Party Transactions 
 In July 2022, the Company paid 3,850 thousand in cash for the acquisition of the Pilatus PC-12 
aircraft from Mr. Timothy Sheehy, the Chief Executive Officer without any guarantees given or received. After the purchase, the Company repaired and upgraded the Pilatus PC-12 aircraft for use of the
Company s business. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no outstanding payables or commitments related to the purchase of the Pilatus PC-12 aircraft. 
 On July 21, 2022, the Company closed on the 2022 Bonds, upon which the Company received from aggregate proceeds of 135,000 thousand
on July 21, 2022 and 25,000 thousand on August 10, 2022. In connection with the original issuance, three senior executives of the Company purchased approximately 10,000 thousand of the 2022 Bonds, which purchases were entered into
on an arm s length basis during the public offering for the 2022 Bond, and on the same terms and conditions that were offered to all Bond purchasers. The Company has paid approximately 128 thousand in interest to these three bond holders.
Refer to Note 13 Long-term Debt. Note 18 Mezzanine Equity 
 On April 25, 2022, the Company authorized and issued 315,789.473684 Series C Preferred shares with a par value of 0.001 per share for
aggregate proceeds of 288,516 thousand, net of issuance costs of 11,484 thousand. The Series C Preferred shares rank senior to the Company s common shares and rank subordinate to the Company s Series A Preferred shares, which
were later redeemed in 2022, with respect to the distribution of assets upon liquidation or certain triggering events. The Series C Preferred shares do not participate in earnings of the Company and are
 non-voting shares. Prior to the consummation of qualified public offering, the Series C Preferred
shares accrue interest daily at 7 per annum for the first year, 9 per annum for the second year and 11 per annum thereafter and are compounded semi-annually at June 30 th and December 31 st of each year. Following the consummation of a qualified public offering, the Series C Preferred shares accrue interest daily at 7 per annum for the first 6 years, 9 per annum for the seventh year
and 11 per annum thereafter, compounded semi-annually. Accrued interest for the Series C Preferred shares was 15,344 thousand as of December 31, 2022 recorded to increase the redemption amount in mezzanine equity. 
 The Series C Preferred shares are convertible at the election of the holder into shares of the Company s Class B Common shares after
the occurrence of certain specified events, including after a qualified public offering, without the payment of additional consideration by the holder into such number of Class B Common shares as determined by dividing the original issue price,
plus accrued interest by a conversion price in effect at the time of conversion. The Series C Preferred shares conversion price shall initially be equal to 12.929104. The applicable conversion price is subject to future adjustments upon the
occurrence of a qualified public offering. The shares are mandatorily redeemable by the Company on April 25, 2032 at an amount
dependent on whether the redemption occurs prior or following a qualified public offering. If the mandatory redemption occurs prior to the consummation of a qualified public offering, the redemption amount is equal to the stated value, plus the
initial issue price multiplied by 50 , plus accrued but unpaid interest. If the mandatory redemption occurs following the consummation of a qualified public offering, the redemption amount is equal to the stated value, plus accrued but unpaid
interest. The Series C Preferred shares are also redeemable upon certain triggering events outside of the control of the Company. The redemption events include redemption by the holder after March 29, 2027 and prior to a qualified public
offering, or a fundamental change in the Company s voting and governance structure such as the sale of the Company or its subsidiaries representing more than 50 of the Company s voting stock or a similar liquidity event. 
 Given the conversion feature is considered substantive, the mandatory redemption date is not certain and the optional redemption is upon the
occurrence of certain events that are considered not solely within the Company s control, the Series C Preferred shares are classified as mezzanine equity. 
 103 

Table of Contents 

The Company identified certain conversion and redemption features that are required to be
bifurcated from the host instrument as embedded derivative liabilities. The Series C Preferred shares contains a clause which allows for an increase of 2 interest per annum to be accrued by the holders of the Series C Preferred shares in the event
of a default under certain financing facilities, including noncompliance with certain financial covenants, during the period from 30 days after the occurrence of such default until such default is cured or remediated. The Company expects to be
exposed to the 2 interest rate increase for no more than 2 months. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the embedded derivative is 1,039 thousand recorded as a liability in the consolidated balance sheets and remeasured to fair
value at each balance sheet date with changes in fair value recorded within Interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 The Company determined the fair value of the other features requiring bifurcation, both individually and in the aggregate were immaterial at
inception and as of December 31, 2022. The fair value of these features will be assessed at each reporting date and will be recognized and remeasured at fair value, if material. 
 As of December 31, 2022, it is probable that the Series C Preferred shares may become redeemable at either the holder s option on or
after March 29, 2027 and prior to the consummation of a qualified public offering or in the event of a qualified public offering. The Company has elected to recognize changes in redemption value immediately, adjusting the preferred shares to
the maximum redemption value at each reporting date. As of December 31, 2022, the Series C Preferred shares had a carrying value of 331,134 thousand and a redemption value of 489,022 thousand. 

Redeemable Series C Preferred Shares 

Shares 

Amounts 

Issuance of Series C Preferred shares 

315,789.473684 

288,516,309 

Adjustment to maximum redemption value 

200,505,236 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

315,789.473684 

489,021,545 
 
 Note 19 Mandatorily Redeemable Preferred Stock 
 Series B Preferred Shares The
Company had 60,000,000 shares of Series B Preferred shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 at 1.00 per share. The Series B Preferred shares were non-voting and accrued interest at 17.5 
per annum, compounded quarterly. A mandatory redemption period was required for the Series B Preferred shares plus their accrued interest in March of 2022. Accrued interest for these Series B Preferred shares was 6,413 thousand for the year
ended December 31, 2021. The shares were mandatorily redeemable by the Company at an amount equal to the capital contribution, plus
accrued but unpaid interest on the earlier of certain redemption events or March 31, 2022. The redemption events included the sale of the Company or its subsidiaries representing more than 50 of the Company s voting stock or assets, a
qualified IPO or a similar liquidity event. The shares were redeemable at any time at the option of the Company at a redemption price equal to face value, plus accrued, but unpaid interest. The shares had preference to the common shares of the
Company, were non-voting and did not participate in the earnings of the Company. These Series B Preferred shares accrued interest at 17.5 annually, compounded quarterly. If not redeemed on or prior to
March 31, 2022, the series B preferred stock would have accrued interest at 21.5 annually, compounded quarterly. 
 104 

Table of Contents 

As the shares of Series B Preferred shares were mandatorily redeemable at a specified date,
the security was classified as a liability in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. On April 25, 2022, the Company used a portion of the
proceeds from the issuance of the Series C Preferred shares to redeem all 60,000,000 of the Company s outstanding Series B Preferred shares for 69,999 thousand, inclusive of 9,999 thousand in accrued interest. 
 Series A Preferred Shares The
Company was authorized to issue 10,500,000 shares of Series A-1 and A-2 Preferred shares with a par value of 0.001 share for 105,000 thousand. The Series A-1 and A-2 Preferred Shares ranks senior to the Company s common shares and Series C Preferred shares with respect to distribution of assets upon liquidation or certain
triggering events, but do not participate in earnings of the Company. The Series A-1 and A-2 Preferred shares are voting and
 non-voting shares, respectively. On April 25, 2022, the Company used the proceeds from the
issuance of the Series C Preferred to redeem 4,444,444 shares of the Series A-1 and A-2 Preferred shares for 100,000 thousand. The loss on redemption of
 34,622 thousand was reflected as a reduction to Accumulated deficit on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. On April 25, 2022, the
Company and its investors included a new mandatory redemption provision requiring the Series A-1 and Series A-2 Preferred shares to be redeemed on April 25, 2032.
Due to the mandatory redemption provision, the Series A-1 and A-2 Preferred shares have been reclassified from mezzanine equity to liability. The Company elected the
fair value option to measure the modification of the Series A-1 and A-2 Preferred shares, recording a value of 132,331 thousand at modification. The modification
of the Series A-1 and A-2 Preferred shares have been accounted for as an extinguishment, with the change in fair value of 45,609 thousand recorded to Accumulated
deficit on the Consolidated Balance Sheets with no gain or loss recorded to net loss. The loss on extinguishment has been included in net loss attributable to common shareholders used to calculate net loss per share. 
 The Series A Preferred shares accrue interest on a liquidation preference defined as the combined capital contributions plus accrued preferred
interest amounts at a rate of 12 per annum. The Series A-1 and
 A-2 Preferred shares are redeemable upon certain triggering events outside of the control of the Company in the event of board expansion and deemed liquidation. Failure to pay the Series A Preferred shares
interest amount on a timely basis triggers a board expansion event that provides the holders of the Series A Preferred shares the option to obtain control of the Company s board of directors and initiate a triggering event. The triggering
events include the sale of the Company or its subsidiaries representing more than 50 of the Company s voting stock or assets, a qualified IPO or a similar liquidity event. The Series A-1 and A-2 Preferred shares are redeemable at any time at the option of the Company at a redemption price equal to the greater of the product of the investment amount multiplied by 2.25 plus any indemnification amounts or
aggregate liquidation preference. The Company identified certain redemption features that would be required to be considered for
bifurcation. The Company elected the fair value option and as such, valued the host preferred shares and embedded features as one instrument. 
 On July 21, 2022 and August 10, 2022, the Company used the proceeds from the 2022 Bonds plus cash on hand to redeem in full the
remaining 6,055,556 shares of the Series A-1 and A-2 shares for aggregate proceeds of 136,250 thousand. The fair values of the Series A-1 and A-2 Preferred shares were increased by 3,919 thousand from interest accrued since the modification on April 25, 2022 and no gain or loss were recorded to
net loss upon extinguishment. 
 105 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2021, the Company had 10,243,936 shares of Series A-1 Preferred shares and 256,064 shares of Series A-2 Preferred shares issued and outstanding. As of December 31, 2021, the Series
 A-1 and A-2 Preferred shares had a carrying value of 105,000 thousand and a redemption value of 146,668 thousand. 
 Note 20 Net Loss Per Share 
 Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss attributable to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of common shares
outstanding. Change in fair value of Series A-1 and A-2 Preferred shares and the adjustment to maximum redemption value of Series C Preferred shares are subtracted from
net loss attributable to the Company in determining net loss per share attributable to common shareholders. Diluted net loss per share is
computed by dividing net loss attributable to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding plus the number of Class D common shares issuable upon the vesting of the Time-Vesting Incentive Units and
Exit-Vesting Incentive Units to the extent the effect would be dilutive. The following table sets forth the computation of the
Company s basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 

Numerator: 

Net loss 

(42,121,959) 

(6,540,797) 
 
 Series C Preferred shares adjustment to maximum redemption value 

(200,505,236) 

Series A Preferred shares adjustment for redemption, extinguishment and accrued interest 

(85,663,336) 

(15,913,184) 

Net loss attributable to common shareholders basic and diluted 

(328,290,531) 

(22,453,981) 

Denominator: 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

40,287,478 

40,122,651 

Net loss per share attributable to common shareholders - basic and diluted 

(8.15) 

(0.56) 
 The following table summarizes the potentially dilutive common shares that were excluded from diluted net loss
per share computations because the effect would have been anti-dilutive (in thousands): 

For the year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Series C Preferred shares 

25,611,505 

Class D common shares upon vesting 

242,424 

323,232 

Total 

25,853,929 

323,232 

Note 21 Members Deficit 
 Common Shares The Company has 30,000,000 shares of Class A Common shares issued and outstanding as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021. The holders of these shares are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders. These Class A shares were issued to ElementCompany, LLC. 
 The Company has 9,756,130 shares of Class B Common shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The holders of
these shares are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders. 
 106 

Table of Contents 

The Company has 243,871 shares of Class C Common shares issued and outstanding as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company also has 606,061 shares of Class D Common shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These Class C and Class D shares are non-voting. The current voting power of the Company follows the structure of the elected Board members
with 3 designees from the holders of Class A Common shares and 2 designees from the holders of Class B Common shares. This will remain in place while the holders of Class B Common shares in aggregate hold at least 10 of the common
shares outstanding and prior to any initial public offering, at which point voting power changes, based on the relevant shares outstanding. This structure will remain in place unless a board expansion event occurs as defined in the operating
agreement. Note 22 Subsequent Events 
 The Company evaluated its activities through March 20, 2023, the date at which the consolidated financial statements were available to be
issued. On January 23, 2023, the Company granted its executives and senior management a total of 8,826,168 shares of restricted
stock units RSUs under New Bridger s 2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan 2023 Omnibus Plan in connection with the Business Combination. The RSUs are subject to performance and service vesting conditions with 21.5 of the
RSUs vested upon the Closing Date and the remaining 78.5 of the RSUs will vest annually from the Closing Date over graded service vesting periods of three years and six years for the executives and senior management, respectively. The estimated
grant date fair value of the RSUs is approximated to be 88.3 million based on the estimated fair value of New Bridger s common stock of 10.00 per share based on the Transaction Agreements. 
 On January 24, 2023, JCIC completed the Business Combination with the Company contemplated by the Transaction Agreements entered into on
August 3, 2022. The Business Combination will be accounted for as a reverse recapitalization in accordance with GAAP. Under this method of accounting, JCIC will be treated as the acquired company for financial reporting purposes.
Accordingly, for accounting purposes, the financial statements of Bridger Aerospace Group Holdings, Inc will represent a continuation of the financial statements of the Company with the Business Combination treated as the equivalent of the Company
issuing stock for the net assets of JCIC, accompanied by a recapitalization. On the Closing Date, pursuant to the Transaction Agreements:
(i) JCIC and the Company became a wholly owned subsidiary of a new public entity that was renamed Bridger Aerospace Group Holdings, Inc., (ii) each of the Company s common shares then issued and outstanding was automatically surrendered
and exchanged into 0.96246 share of New Bridger s common stock, rounded down to the nearest share for each holder, and (iii) each of the Series C Preferred shares was automatically surrendered and exchanged into one New Bridger s
Series A Preferred Stock. Upon the Closing, the Company expects to adjust the carrying value of New Bridger s Series A Preferred
Stock to approximately 332,659 thousand, to exclude an amount calculated from the product of the initial issue price multiplied by 0.50 historically included in the carrying value of Series C Preferred shares. Additionally, the Closing
triggered a down round conversion feature embedded in the Series C Preferred shares. The Company expects to recognize the effect of the down round conversion feature as a deemed dividend, increasing the loss available to common stockholders in the
computation of net loss per share by approximately 82,074 thousand based on a preliminary fair value estimate. In addition, the
Company assumed all of JCIC s issued and outstanding securities, which were converted into New Bridger s securities upon the Closing, including: (i) 2,084,357 shares of New Bridger s common stock held by public shareholders, (ii)
2,603,189 shares of New Bridger s common stock held by JCIC s sponsor and independent directors, and (iii) 26,650,000 warrants issued by JCIC upon its initial public offerings (the Warrants ), of which 17,250,000 were issued to
public shareholders Public Warrants and 9,400,000 were issued through a private sale Private Placement Warrants ). Each of the Warrants allows the holder to purchase one share of New Bridger s common stock at 11.50
per share. The Warrants remained liability classified instruments upon assumption at the Closing Date. The estimated fair value of the Warrants on the date of assumption is approximated to be 5.9 million based on the trading price of the
Public Warrants on the date of assumption, which was 0.22 per Warrant. 
 107 

Table of Contents 

On January 25, 2023, Bridger Aerospace Group Holdings, Inc. began trading on the NASDAQ
under the ticker symbol BAER. On February 14, 2023, the Company paid 9.1 million and received its 6 th Viking CL415EAF, the remaining aircraft under the aircraft purchase agreement with Longview Aviation Asset Management, Inc. and Viking. See Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies for further
detail. 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.
 None. 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports
filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Annual Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that
such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the
participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022, due to the material
weaknesses described below. We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of
fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure
controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of
disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about
the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 
 Material Weaknesses : We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. The first material
weakness is related to properly accounting for complex transactions within our financial statement closing and reporting process. The second material weakness arises from our failure to design and maintain effective IT general controls over the IT
systems used within the processing of key financial transactions. Specifically, we did not design and maintain user access controls to ensure appropriate segregation of duties and that adequately restrict user and privileged access to financial
applications, programs, and data to appropriate company personnel. Additionally, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the period end account reconciliation review and entity level financial
statement review controls which did not operate within a sufficient level of precision. Remediation Plan : We have begun the
process of and are focused on designing and implementing effective internal controls measures to improve our internal control over financial reporting and remediate the material weaknesses, including: 

actively recruiting additional personnel with knowledge of GAAP, in addition to engaging and utilizing third
party consultants and specialists to supplement our internal resources and implementing processes and controls to segregate key functions within our finance systems, as appropriate; 
 108 

Table of Contents 

designing and implementing a formalized control plan related to IT general controls, including controls related
to managing access to financially significant systems within our IT environment; and 

engaging a third party consultant to assist with evaluating and documenting the design and operating
effectiveness of internal controls and assisting with the remediation of deficiencies, as necessary. While these
actions and planned actions are subject to ongoing management evaluation and will require validation and testing of the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls over a sustained period of financial reporting cycles, we are committed
to the continuous improvement of our internal control over financial reporting and will continue to diligently review our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Although we plan to complete this remediation process as quickly as possible, we are unable, at this time, to estimate how long it will take
and our efforts may not be successful in remediating the deficiencies or material weaknesses. In addition, even if we are successful in strengthening our controls and procedures, we can give no assurances that in the future such controls and
procedures will be adequate to prevent or identify errors or irregularities or to facilitate the fair preparation and presentation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 Management s Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 This Annual Report does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an
attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by the rules of the Commission for newly public companies. 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 None. 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 109 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 The information required by this Item of Form 10-K will be included in our definitive proxy statement
(the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with the solicitation of proxies for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120
days after the end of the fiscal year to which this Annual Report relates. 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 The information required by this Item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Managements and Related Stockholder Matters.
 The information required by this Item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by
reference. 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, Director Independence. 
 The information required by this Item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this Item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 110 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: 

1. 
 Financial Statements: Consolidated Financial Statements filed as part of this report are listed under Part II,
Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

2. 
 Financial Statement Schedules: No schedules are required because either the required information is not present
or not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements thereto filed as a part of this Form 10-K. 

3. 
 The exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index below to this Annual Report are incorporated herein by
reference or are filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in each case as indicated therein (numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K). 
 
 111 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 

2.1+ 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated August 
3, 2022, by and among the Company, Jack Creek Investment Corp., Wildfire Merger Sub 1, Inc., Wildfire Merger Sub II, Inc., Wildfire Merger Sub III, LLC, Wildfire GP Sub IV, LLC, BTOF (Grannus Feeder) NQ L.P. and Legacy Bridger. (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-266840), filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022). 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Bridger Aerospace Group Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 27, 2023). 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Bridger Aerospace Group Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 27, 2023). 

4.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated January 26, 2021, between Jack Creek Investment Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer 
 Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Jack Creek Investment Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 
001-39602) filed with the SEC on January 26, 2021). 

4.2 
 
 Warrant Assumption Agreement, dated as of January 
24, 2023, among Jack Creek Investment Corp., Bridger Aerospace Group Holdings, Inc. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 27, 2023). 

4.3 
 
 Description of the Company s Securities. 

10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 
24, 2023, by and among the Company, Jack Creek Investment Corp. and certain other security holders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
the SEC on January 27, 2023). 

10.2 
 
 Stockholders Agreement, dated January 
24, 2023, by and among the Company and the stockholders defined therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 27, 2023).

10.3 
 
 Sponsor Agreement, dated as of August 
3, 2022, by and among Jack Creek Investment Corp., the Company, JCIC Sponsor LLC and the other parties signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4
 (File No. 333-266840) filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022). 

10.4# 
 
 Bridger Aerospace Group Holdings, Inc. 2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 27, 2023). 

10.5# 
 
 Bridger Aerospace Group Holdings, Inc. 2023 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 27, 2023). 

10.6# 
 
 Amended Employment Agreement, dated as of December 
6, 2018, by and between ElementCompany Operations, LLC and Timothy Sheehy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-266840), filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022). 

10.7# 
 
 Amended Employment Agreement, dated as of December 
6, 2018, by and between ElementCompany Operations, LLC and James Muchmore (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-266840), filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022). 

10.8# 
 
 Amended Employment Agreement, dated as of December 
6, 2018, by and between ElementCompany Operations, LLC and McAndrew Rudisill (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-266840), filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022). 
 
 112 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 

10.9++# 
 
 Offer of Employment, dated August 
21, 2022, by and between Legacy Bridger and Eric Gerratt (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 
333-266840), filed with the SEC on November 7, 2022). 

10.10 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Officers and Outside Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current
 Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 27, 2023). 

10.11++ 
 
 Contract No. 1202SA21T9009, dated as of June 
3, 2021, issued by National Interagency Fire Center U.S. Forest Service to Bridger Air Tanker, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-266840), filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022). 

10.12++ 
 
 Contract No. 12024B19C9025, dated as of May 
15, 2019, issued by U.S. Department of Agriculture Forest Service to Mountain Air, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-266840), filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022). 

10.13++ 
 
 Contract No. 1202SA21G5100, dated as of October 
21, 2020, issued by U.S. Forest Service Contracting to Bridger Aerospace (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-266840), filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022). 

10.14 
 
 Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, dated as of July 
1, 2022, by and among Gallatin County, Montana and Bridger Aerospace Group, LLC, Bridger Air Tanker, LLC, Bridger Air Tanker 
3, LLC, Bridger Air Tanker 4, LLC, Bridger Air Tanker 5, LLC, Bridger Air Tanker 6, LLC, Bridger Air Tanker 7, LLC, Bridger Air Tanker 8, LLC, Bridger Solutions International 1, LLC and Bridger Solutions International 2, LLC (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.11 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-266840), filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022). 

10.15 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, dated as of August 
1, 2022, by and among Gallatin County, Montana and Bridger Aerospace Group, LLC, Bridger Air Tanker, LLC, Bridger Air Tanker 
3, LLC, Bridger Air Tanker 4, LLC, Bridger Air Tanker 5, LLC, Bridger Air Tanker 6, LLC, Bridger Air Tanker 7, LLC, Bridger Air Tanker 8, LLC, Bridger Solutions International 1, LLC and Bridger Solutions International 2, LLC (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.12 of the Company s the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-266840), filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022). 

10.16 
 
 Industrial Development Revenue Bonds (Bridger Aerospace Group Project) Series 2022B (Taxable), dated as of August 
10, 2022, by Gallatin County, Montana (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 
333-266840), filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022). 

10.17 
 
 Amended and Restated Trust Indenture, dated as of July 
1, 2022, by and between Gallatin County, Montana and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 
10.14 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-266840), filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022). 

10.18 
 
 First Supplemental Trust Indenture, dated as of July 
1, 2022, by and between Gallatin County, Montana and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 
10.15 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-266840), filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022). 

10.19 
 
 First Supplemental Trust Indenture, dated as of August 
1, 2022, by and between Gallatin County, Montana and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-266840), filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022). 
 
 113 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 

10.20 
 
 Construction Loan Agreement, dated as of September 
30, 2019, by and between Bridger Solutions International, LLC and Rocky Mountain Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-266840), filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022). 

10.21 
 
 Waiver and Amendment No. 1 to Loan Agreement, dated June 
8, 2022, by and among Bridger Solutions International, LLC and Rocky Mountain Bank, its successors and assigns (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File
 No. 333-266840), filed with the SEC on December 12, 2022). 

10.22 
 
 Consent, Waiver and Amendment No. 2 to Loan Agreement, dated November 
3, 2022, by and among Bridger Solutions International, LLC and Rocky Mountain Bank, its successors and assigns (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-266840), filed with the SEC on December 12, 2022). 

10.23 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Loan Agreement, dated December 28, 2022, by and among Bridger Solutions International, LLC and Rocky Mountain Bank, its successors and assigns. 

10.24 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated August 10, 2020, by and between Bridger Air Tanker 
2, LLC and Live Oak Banking Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 
333-266840), filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022). 

10.25 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated February 
3, 2020, by and between Bridger Aviation Services, LLC and Rocky Mountain Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-266840), filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022). 

10.26 
 
 Waiver and Amendment No. 1 to Loan Agreement, dated June 
8, 2022, by and among Bridger Aviation Services, LLC and Rocky Mountain Bank, its successors and assigns (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File
 No. 333-266840), filed with the SEC on December 12, 2022). 

10.27 
 
 Consent, Waiver and Amendment No. 2 to Loan Agreement, dated November 
3, 2022, by and among Bridger Aviation Services, LLC and Rocky Mountain Bank, its successors and assigns (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File
 No. 333-266840), filed with the SEC on December 12, 2022). 

10.28 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Loan Agreement, dated December 28, 2022, by and among Bridger Aviation Services, LLC and Rocky Mountain Bank, its successors and assigns. 

10.29 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated May 
19, 2020, by and between Bridger Air Tanker, 1 LLC and Live Oak Banking Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-266840), filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022). 

10.30++ 
 
 Aircraft Purchase Agreement, dated April 
13, 2018, by and among Longview Aviation Asset Management, Viking Air Limited and Bridger Air Tanker, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File
 No. 333-266840), filed with the SEC on September 23, 2022). 

10.31++ 
 
 Amendment 3 to Aircraft Purchase Agreement, dated April 
3, 2019, by and among Longview Aviation Services Inc., Viking Air Limited and Bridger Air Tanker, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File
 No. 333-266840), filed with the SEC on September 23, 2022). 

10.32++ 
 
 Amendment 4 to Aircraft Purchase Agreement, dated May 
7, 2019, by and among Longview Aviation Services Inc., Viking Air Limited and Bridger Air Tanker, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File
 No. 333-266840), filed with the SEC on September 23, 2022). 
 
 114 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 

10.33++ 
 
 Amendment 5 to Aircraft Purchase Agreement, dated November 
11, 2019, by and among Longview Aviation Services Inc., Viking Air Limited and Bridger Air Tanker, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File
 No. 333-266840), filed with the SEC on September 23, 2022). 

10.34++ 
 
 Amendment 6 to Aircraft Purchase Agreement, dated September 
15, 2020, by and among Longview Aviation Services Inc., Viking Air Limited and Bridger Air Tanker, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File
 No. 333-266840), filed with the SEC on September 23, 2022). 

10.35++ 
 
 Amendment 7 to Aircraft Purchase Agreement, dated October 
21, 2020, by and among Longview Aviation Services Inc., Viking Air Limited and Bridger Air Tanker, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File
 No. 333-266840), filed with the SEC on September 23, 2022). 

10.36++ 
 
 Amendment 8 to Aircraft Purchase Agreement, dated January 
5, 2021, by and among Longview Aviation Services Inc., Viking Air Limited and Bridger Air Tanker, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File
 No. 333-266840), filed with the SEC on September 23, 2022). 

10.37++ 
 
 Amendment 9 to Aircraft Purchase Agreement, dated November 
24, 2021, by and among Longview Aviation Services Inc., Viking Air Limited and Bridger Air Tanker, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File
 No. 333-266840), filed with the SEC on September 23, 2022). 

10.38++ 
 
 Amendment 10 to Aircraft Purchase Agreement, dated August 
5, 2022, by and among Longview Aviation Services Inc., Viking Air Limited and Bridger Air Tanker, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File
 No. 333-266840), filed with the SEC on September 23, 2022). 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of Bridger Aerospace Group Holdings, Inc. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Company s Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 7241). 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Company s Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 7241). 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350).

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

+ 
 Schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. Bridger Aerospace Group Holdings, Inc. agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request. 

++ 
 Portions of this exhibit have been redacted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. 

# 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 115 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the 20th day of March, 2023. 

BRIDGER AEROSPACE GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Timothy Sheehy 
 
 Name: 
 
 Timothy Sheehy 
 
 Title: 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signatures 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Timothy Sheehy 
 Timothy Sheehy 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 20, 2023 

/s/ Eric Gerratt 
 Eric Gerratt 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 
 
 March 20, 2023 

/s/ Jeffrey Kelter 
 Jeffrey Kelter 
 
 Director and Non-Executive Chairman of the Board 
 
 March 20, 2023 

/s/ Debra Coleman 
 Debra Coleman 
 
 Director 
 
 March 20, 2023 

/s/ Dean Heller 
 Dean Heller 
 
 Director 
 
 March 20, 2023 

/s/ Todd Hirsch 
 Todd Hirsch 
 
 Director 
 
 March 20, 2023 

/s/ Wyman Howard 
 Wyman Howard 
 
 Director 
 
 March 20, 2023 

/s/ McAndrew Rudisill 
 McAndrew Rudisill 
 
 Chief Investment Officer and Director 
 
 March 20, 2023 

/s/ Robert Savage 
 Robert Savage 
 
 Director 
 
 March 20, 2023 

/s/ Matthew Sheehy 
 Matthew Sheehy 
 
 Director 
 
 March 20, 2023 
 
 116 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 d479797dex43.htm
 EX-4.3

EX-4.3 

Exhibit 4.3 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES The
following summary of the material terms of Bridger Aerospace Group Holdings, Inc. s (f/k/a Wildfire New PubCo, Inc.), a Delaware corporation (the Company, Bridger, we, us, our, securities is not intended to be a complete summary of the rights and preferences of such securities and is qualified by reference to our amended and restated charter (the Amended and Restated Charter ), our amended and restated bylaws
(the Amended and Restated Bylaws ), the Stockholders Agreement, dated January 24, 2023, by and among the Company, certain former direct and indirect equityholders of Bridger Aerospace Group Holdings, LLC and certain direct and
indirect equityholders of Bridger Aerospace Group Holdings, LLC that are affiliates of Blackstone Inc. (the Stockholders Agreement ), the Warrant Agreement, dated as of January 26, 2021, by and between Jack Creek Investment Corp. JCIC and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (the Warrant Agent and the Existing Warrant Agreement ), as assumed by the Company pursuant to the Warrant Assumption Agreement, dated January 24,
2023, by and among JCIC, the Company and the Warrant Agent (the Warrant Assumption Agreement and, together with the Existing Warrant Agreement, the Warrant Agreement ). We urge to you read each of the Amended and Restated
Charter, the Amended and Restated Bylaws, the Stockholders Agreement and the Warrant Agreement in their entirety for a complete description of the rights and preferences of our securities. 
 Authorized Capitalization The Amended
and Restated Charter authorizes the issuance of 1,010,000,000 shares, consisting of (a) 1,000,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share Common Stock and (b) 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.0001 par value per
share Preferred Stock, of which 1,000,000 shares are designated as the Series A Preferred Stock ). Common Stock 
 The holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. There is no cumulative
voting with respect to the election of directors. Subject to the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL and the rights
of holders of Preferred Stock, holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by our board of directors (the Board out of funds legally available therefor. 
 If the Company liquidates, dissolves or wind ups, holders of Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for
distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of stock, if any, having preference over Common Stock. 
 Subject to the DGCL and the rights of holders of Series A Preferred Stock, holders of our Common Stock have no preemptive or other
subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to our Common Stock. Preferred Stock 
 The Amended and Restated Charter authorizes the issuance of Series A Preferred Stock (as described below) and provides that shares of preferred
stock may be issued from time to time in one or more additional series. The Board is authorized to fix the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, if any, and the qualifications, limitations
or restrictions thereof, if any, of any wholly unissued series of preferred stock, including, without limitation, dividend rights, dividend rate, conversion rights, voting rights, rights and terms of redemption (including, without limitation,
sinking fund provisions), redemption price or prices and liquidation preferences of any such series, and the number of shares constituting any such series and the designation thereof, or any of the foregoing. Subject to the terms of any outstanding
preferred stock, the Board may, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of Common Stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The
ability of the Board to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of the Company or the removal of existing management. 
 1 

Series A Preferred Stock 
 Dividends. Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive dividends, paid twice per year, in cash or, at the election
of the Company, by increasing the per share liquidation preference for such shares of Series A Preferred Stock. Dividends accrue on the Series A Preferred Stock daily, computed on the basis of a 365-day year,
at a compounding rate initially anticipated to be 7.00 per annum but to increase to 9.00 per for the period from (and including) April 25, 2028 to (but excluding) April 25, 2029 and eventually to increase to 11.00 per annum from and
after April 25, 2029 and subject to further increase upon the occurrence of certain events. The per share liquidation preference is equal to the initial issuance price plus all accrued and unpaid dividends, whether or not declared. All payments
and dividends in respect of the Series A Preferred Stock will be allocated among the holders thereof pro rata in proportion to the value of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock held thereby. No dividends shall be paid or payable to any other
holders the Company s capital stock unless and until the holders of Series A Preferred Stock have received cumulative distributions equal to the aggregate liquidation preference of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 Conversion. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible, at the holder s election at any time, into such number of
shares of common stock (or such other applicable securities in the case of merger, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or consolidation) as is determined by dividing (x) the then current accrued liquidation preference of such
shares (including any accrued and unpaid dividends since the most recent dividend payment date) by (y) a conversion price of 11.00 per share for such share of Series A Preferred Stock, subject to specified adjustments as set forth in Article
IV of the Amended and Restated Charter. No fractional securities will be issued upon conversion of a share of Series A Preferred Stock, and, in lieu of such fractional shares, the Company will pay cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the
applicable conversion price. Optional Redemption. At any time and from time to time on or after April 25, 2027, the Company
will have the right, in its sole discretion, to give notice of its election to redeem all or any portion of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, for an amount in cash equal to the then current accrued liquidation preference of such
shares (including any accrued and unpaid dividends since the most recent dividend payment date). Prior to April 25, 2027, in connection with the consummation of certain fundamental changes (as more fully described in the Amended and Restated
Charter but including, among other things, certain change-in- control transactions and asset sales), the Company will have the right, in its sole discretion, to give
notice of election to redeem all or any portion of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, for an amount in cash equal to the then current accrued liquidation preference of such shares (including any accrued and unpaid dividends since
the most recent dividend payment date) plus a make-whole amount determined by reference to the dividends that would be accrued through April 25, 2027, discounted to the date of redemption on a quarterly basis at the treasury rate on the date of
the redemption plus 50 basis points. Any redemption of fewer than all of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock will be made pro rata in proportion to the value of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock held. No share of Series A
Preferred Stock that is converted into common stock prior to the applicable redemption date shall be subject to redemption. Mandatory
Redemption. On April 25, 2032, the Company will be required to redeem and purchase all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock for an amount, in cash, equal to the then current accrued liquidation preference of such shares (including
any accrued and unpaid dividends since the most recent dividend payment date), up to but not including April 25, 2032. Redemption
in Connection with Reorganization Events and Fundamental Change Transactions. If the Company undergoes certain fundamental changes (as more fully described in Article IV of the Amended and Restated Charter but including, among other things,
certain change-in-control transactions and asset sales), a holder of Series A Preferred Stock may give notice of its election to have us fully redeem all of such
holder s outstanding Series A Preferred Stock, for an amount in cash equal to the then current accrued liquidation preference of such shares (including any accrued and unpaid dividends since the most recent dividend payment date). Such
redemption shall not be required if the shares of Series A Preferred Stock are purchased at the abovementioned redemption price (determined by reference to the date upon which such transaction is consummated) in connection with (and no later
 
 2 

than the time of consummation of) such fundamental change transaction. If applicable law does not permit us to consummate any such redemption, the Company will be restricted from consummating the
applicable fundamental change transaction unless (x) at the closing of the transaction, all of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock are purchased for an amount in cash equal to the abovementioned redemption price (determined by reference to
the date upon which such fundamental change occurs) or (y) the Company gives a written notice of the terms and conditions of such transaction, which such notice affords the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock the right, but not the
obligation, to elect to engage with us in an alternative transaction on terms that are the same as those of the applicable proposed fundamental change transaction (such right of first refusal described more fully in Article IV of the Amended and
Restated Charter). Voting Rights . The shares of Series A Preferred Stock have no voting rights except as required by Delaware law
or with respect to the amendment, alteration or repeal of any provision of the Amended and Restated Charter, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, so as to materially and adversely affect any right, preference, privilege or voting powers of
the share of Series A Preferred Stock. Consent Rights . For so long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding,
the Company may not, and shall cause its subsidiaries not to, without the written consent or approval of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock representing not less than 55 of the outstanding value of Series A Preferred Stock (provided that at
any time during which there are two or more unaffiliated holders of Series A Preferred Stock, this 55 must include at least two unaffiliated holders of Series A Preferred Stock), (i) create, authorize or issue (by reclassification or otherwise) any
equity securities of the Company, including any additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock or other security convertible into or exchangeable for any of the Company s equity securities, having rights, preferences or privileges ranking senior
to the Series A Preferred Stock or pari passu with the Series A Preferred Stock, (ii) amend, modify, restate, repeal or make any other change (by amendment, merger, consolidation, operation of law or otherwise) to any provision of the
Company s or the Company s subsidiaries organizational documents in a manner which adversely alters or changes the rights, preferences or privileges of the Series A Preferred Stock (provided that any issuance of securities junior to
the Series A Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to be adverse to the Series A Preferred Stock), (iii) prior to payment in full in cash of the liquidation preference on all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, effect any dividend or
distribution to or redemption of any other shares of the Company s capital stock or equity securities (other than the shares of Series A Preferred Stock), (iv) amend, modify or waive the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock, (v) effect
certain mergers or consolidations or sell all or substantially all of the Company s and the Company s subsidiaries assets (as more fully described in Article IV of the Amended and Restated Charter) unless the liquidation preference
in respect of the Series A Preferred Stock is fully repaid, or in certain circumstances, the Series A Preferred Stock remains outstanding, (vi) consent to the Company s or any of the Company s subsidiaries liquidation,
dissolution or winding up unless, in the case of the Company s liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the Company shall have delivered to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock not less than 10 business days prior written notice of such
transaction. The Company also may not, without the prior written consent or approval of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock representing not less than 85 of the outstanding value of Series A Preferred Stock, amend, waive, or modify the Amended
and Restated Charter in ways (as more fully described in Article IV of the Amended and Restated Charter) that adversely alter or change the rights, preferences, privileges or obligations of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock. In addition, the
Company shall not redeem or otherwise make any dividend or payment on the shares of Series A Preferred Stock other than in cash without the prior written consent or approval of each affected holder of such Series A Preferred Stock. 
 Warrants Public Warrants 
 Each of the outstanding 26,650,000 outstanding warrants, consisting of 17,250,000 public warrants (the Public Warrants and
9,400,000 private placement warrants (the Private Placement Warrants and together with the Public Warrants, the Warrants ), entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share,
subject to adjustment as discussed below. Pursuant to the Warrant Agreement, a Warrant holder may exercise its Warrants only for a whole number of shares of Common Stock. The Warrants will expire January 24, 2028, at 5:00 p.m., New York City
time. 
 3 

We will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of a
Warrant and will have no obligation to settle such Warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act with respect to the shares of our Common Stock underlying the Warrants
is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to us satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No Warrant will be exercisable and we will
not be obligated to issue a share of Common Stock upon exercise of a Warrant unless the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such Warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of
residence of the registered holder of the Warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a Warrant, the holder of such Warrant will not be entitled to exercise such Warrant and
such Warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any Warrant. Pursuant to the
Warrant Agreement, we have filed with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the shares of our Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, and caused the same to become effective within 60
business days after the Closing (as defined in the Warrant Agreement), and we have agreed to use our commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those shares of
our Common Stock until the Warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the Warrant Agreement; provided that if shares of our Common Stock are at the time of any exercise of a Warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they
satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at our option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their Warrants to do so on a cashless basis in
accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but it will use its commercially reasonably efforts to
register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Warrant holders may, during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise Warrants on
a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but the Company will use its commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the
extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the Warrants for that number of shares of Common Stock equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the
product of the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) less the exercise price of the Warrants by (y) the fair market value and (B) 0.361. The
 fair market value as used in this paragraph shall mean the volume weighted average price of the shares of Common Stock for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the
Warrant Agent. Redemption of Warrants When the price per Share of Common Stock Equals or Exceeds 18.00. 
 The Company may redeem the Warrants (except as described herein with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per Warrant; 

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each Warrant holder; and

if, and only if, the closing price per share of Common Stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for
adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a Warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Warrants Anti- dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the Warrant holders. 
 The Company will not redeem the Warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of
the shares of our Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of our Common Stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the Warrants become
redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if the Company is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 
 4 

The Company has established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent
a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the Warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and the Company issues a notice of redemption of the Warrants, each Warrant holder will be
entitled to exercise his, her or its Warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price per share of Common Stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon
exercise or the exercise price of a Warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Warrants Anti-dilution Adjustments as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) Warrant exercise price after the redemption
notice is issued. Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Share of Common Stock Equals or Exceeds 10.00. 
 The Company may redeem the outstanding Warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at 0.10 per Warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders
will be able to exercise their Warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table below, based on the redemption date and the fair market value (as defined below) per
share of Common Stock except as otherwise described below; if, and only if, the closing price per share of Common Stock equals or exceeds 10.00 per public share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the
exercise price of a Warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Warrants Anti- dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day period
ending three trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the Warrant holders; and 

if the closing price per share of Common Stock for any 20 trading days within a
 30- trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the Warrant holders is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to
the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a Warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Warrants Anti-dilution Adjustments ), the Private Placement Warrants must also be
concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above. Beginning
on the date the notice of redemption is given until the Warrants are redeemed or exercised, holders may elect to exercise their Warrants on a cashless basis. The numbers in the table below represent the number of shares of Common Stock that a
Warrant holder will receive upon such cashless exercise in connection with a redemption by the Company pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the fair market value per share of Common Stock on the corresponding redemption date
(assuming holders elect to exercise their Warrants and such Warrants are not redeemed for 0.10 per Warrant), determined for these purposes based on volume weighted average price per share of Common Stock during the 10 trading days immediately
following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of Warrants, and the number of months that the corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration date of the Warrants, each as set forth in the table below. The Company
will provide the Warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day period described above ends. 
 The share prices set forth in the column headings of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable
upon exercise of a Warrant or the exercise price of a Warrant is adjusted as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below. If the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a Warrant is adjusted, the adjusted
share prices in the column headings will equal the share prices immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a Warrant immediately prior to such
adjustment and the denominator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a Warrant as so adjusted. The number of shares in the table below shall be adjusted in the same manner and at the same time as the number of shares issuable
upon exercise of a Warrant. If the exercise price of a 
 5 

Warrant is adjusted, (a) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the fifth paragraph under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments , the adjusted share prices in the
column headings will equal the unadjusted share price multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments 
and the denominator of which is 10.00 and (b) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the second paragraph under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments , the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the
unadjusted share price less the decrease in the exercise price of a Warrant pursuant to such exercise price adjustment. 

Redemption date (period to expiration of Warrants) 
 
 Fair Market value per share of Common Stock 

10.00 

11.00 

12.00 

13.00 

14.00 

15.00 

16.00 

17.00 

18.00 

60 months 

0.261 

0.281 

0.297 

0.311 

0.324 

0.337 

0.348 

0.358 

0.361 

57 months 

0.257 

0.277 

0.294 

0.310 

0.324 

0.337 

0.348 

0.358 

0.361 

54 months 

0.252 

0.272 

0.291 

0.307 

0.322 

0.335 

0.347 

0.357 

0.361 

51 months 

0.246 

0.268 

0.287 

0.304 

0.320 

0.333 

0.346 

0.357 

0.361 

48 months 

0.241 

0.263 

0.283 

0.301 

0.317 

0.332 

0.344 

0.356 

0.361 

45 months 

0.235 

0.258 

0.279 

0.298 

0.315 

0.330 

0.343 

0.356 

0.361 

42 months 

0.228 

0.252 

0.274 

0.294 

0.312 

0.328 

0.342 

0.355 

0.361 

39 months 

0.221 

0.246 

0.269 

0.290 

0.309 

0.325 

0.340 

0.354 

0.361 

36 months 

0.213 

0.239 

0.263 

0.285 

0.305 

0.323 

0.339 

0.353 

0.361 

33 months 

0.205 

0.232 

0.257 

0.280 

0.301 

0.320 

0.337 

0.352 

0.361 

30 months 

0.196 

0.224 

0.250 

0.274 

0.297 

0.316 

0.335 

0.351 

0.361 

27 months 

0.185 

0.214 

0.242 

0.268 

0.291 

0.313 

0.332 

0.350 

0.361 

24 months 

0.173 

0.204 

0.233 

0.260 

0.285 

0.308 

0.329 

0.348 

0.361 

21 months 

0.161 

0.193 

0.223 

0.252 

0.279 

0.304 

0.326 

0.347 

0.361 

18 months 

0.146 

0.179 

0.211 

0.242 

0.271 

0.298 

0.322 

0.345 

0.361 

15 months 

0.130 

0.164 

0.197 

0.230 

0.262 

0.291 

0.317 

0.342 

0.361 

12 months 

0.111 

0.146 

0.181 

0.216 

0.250 

0.282 

0.312 

0.339 

0.361 

9 months 

0.090 

0.125 

0.162 

0.199 

0.237 

0.272 

0.305 

0.336 

0.361 

6 months 

0.065 

0.099 

0.137 

0.178 

0.219 

0.259 

0.296 

0.331 

0.361 

3 months 

0.034 

0.065 

0.104 

0.150 

0.197 

0.243 

0.286 

0.326 

0.361 

0 months 

0.042 

0.115 

0.179 

0.233 

0.281 

0.323 

0.361 
 
 The exact fair market value and redemption date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the
fair market value is between two values in the table or the redemption date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued for each Warrant exercised will be determined by a straight-line
interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower fair market values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable. For
example, if the volume weighted average price per share of Common Stock during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the Warrants is 11.00 per share, and at such time there
are 57 months until the expiration of the Warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their Warrants for 0.277 shares of Common Stock for each whole Warrant. For an example where the exact fair market value
and redemption date are not as set forth in the table above, if the volume weighted average price per share of Common Stock during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the
Warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such time there are 38 months until the expiration of the Warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their Warrants for 0.298 shares of Common Stock for each whole
Warrant. In no event will the Warrants be exercisable on a cashless basis in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 shares of Common Stock per Warrant (subject to adjustment). Finally, as reflected in the table above, if the
Warrants are out of the money and about to expire, they cannot be exercised on a cashless basis in connection with a redemption by the Company pursuant to this redemption feature, since they will not be exercisable for any shares of Common Stock.
 
 6 

This redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding Warrants to be
redeemed when the shares of Common Stock are trading at or above 10.00 per public share, which may be at a time when the trading price per share of Common Stock is below the exercise price of the Warrants. 
 As stated above, the Company can redeem the Warrants when the shares of Common Stock are trading at a price starting at 10.00 per share,
which is below the exercise price of 11.50 per share, because it will provide certainty with respect to the capital structure and cash position while providing Warrant holders with the opportunity to exercise their Warrants on a cashless basis for
the applicable number of shares. If the Company chooses to redeem the Warrants when the shares of Common Stock are trading at a price below the exercise price of the Warrants, this could result in the Warrant holders receiving fewer shares of Common
Stock than they would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their Warrants for shares of Common Stock if and when such shares of Common Stock were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50 per share. 
 No fractional shares of Common Stock will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional
interest in a share, the Company will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the Warrants are exercisable for a security other than
shares of the Company s Common Stock pursuant to the Warrant Agreement, the Warrants may be exercised for such security. At such time as the Warrants become exercisable for a security other than shares of the Company s Common Stock, the
Company (or surviving company) will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register under the Securities Act the security issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants. 
 Redemption Procedures A holder of
a Warrant may notify the Company in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such Warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with
such person s affiliates), to the Warrant Agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately after giving
effect to such exercise. Anti-dilution Adjustments 
 If the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is increased by a capitalization or share dividend payable in shares of Common Stock, or by
a split-up of ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such capitalization or share dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of
shares of Common Stock issuable on exercise of each Warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding shares of Common Stock. A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of shares of Common Stock entitling
holders to purchase shares of Common Stock at a price less than the historical fair market value (as defined below) will be deemed a share dividend of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the number of
shares of Common Stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for shares of Common Stock) and (ii) one minus the quotient of
(x) the price per share of Common Stock paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical fair market value. For these purposes, (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for shares of Common
Stock, in determining the price payable per share of Common Stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) historical fair
market value means the volume weighted average price per share of Common Stock as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of Common Stock trade on the applicable exchange
or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. In addition, if the Company, at any time while the
Warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pays a dividend or makes a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of shares of Common Stock on account of such shares (or other securities into which the Warrants are convertible),
other than (a) as described above or (b) any cash dividends or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the shares during the
 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any other adjustments and excluding cash
 
 7 

dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the exercise price or to the number of shares issuable on exercise of each Warrant) but only with respect to the amount of the
aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than 0.50 per share, then the Warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value
of any securities or other assets paid on each share in respect of such event. If the number of outstanding share of Common Stock is
decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division or reclassification of the shares of Common Stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination,
reverse share sub-division, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on exercise of each Warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares
of Common Stock. Whenever the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the Warrants is adjusted, as described
above, the Warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the Warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon the
exercise of the Warrants immediately prior to such adjustment and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Common Stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. 
 In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (other than those described above or that solely
affects the par value of such shares of Common Stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which the Company is the continuing corporation and that
does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding shares of Common Stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of the Company as an entirety or
substantially as an entirety in connection with which the Company is dissolved, the holders of the Warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the Warrants and in
lieu of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of Common Stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon
such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the Warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their Warrants immediately prior to such
event. However, if such holders were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets for
which each Warrant will become exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by such holders in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election, and if a tender, exchange or
redemption offer has been made to and accepted by such holders under circumstances in which, upon completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act of which such maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under
the Exchange Act) more than 50 of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock, the holder of a Warrant will be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually have been entitled
as a shareholder if such Warrant holder had exercised the Warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such offer and all of the shares of Common Stock held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to such tender or
exchange offer, subject to adjustment (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in the Warrant Agreement. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by
the holders of shares of Common Stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of shares of Common Stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the Warrant properly exercises the
Warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the Warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the Warrant Agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the Warrant Agreement) of the Warrant. The
purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the Warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the Warrants pursuant to which the holders of the Warrants otherwise do not
receive the full potential value of the Warrants. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the Warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the Warrants pursuant to
which the holders of the Warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the Warrants. 
 8 

The Warrants were issued in registered form under the Warrant Agreement. The Warrant
Agreement provides that the terms of the Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the Warrant Agreement to the
description of the terms of the Warrants and the Warrant Agreement set forth in the prospectus filed by JCIC with the SEC on January 21, 2021, or defective provision, (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on shares of
Common Stock as contemplated by and in accordance with the Warrant Agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the Warrant Agreement as the parties to the Warrant Agreement may deem
necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the Warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then-outstanding Public Warrants is required to make any
change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. You should review a copy of the Warrant Agreement, which has been filed as an exhibit to our 10-K, for a complete description of the terms
and conditions applicable to the Warrants. The Warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of shares of Common Stock
and any voting rights until they exercise their Warrants and receive shares of Common Stock. After the issuance of the shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on
all matters to be voted on by stockholder. Private Placement Warrants 
 Except as described below, the Private Placement Warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the Public Warrants. JCIC
Sponsor, or its permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the Private Placement Warrants on a cashless basis. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than JCIC Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement
Warrants will be redeemable by the Company in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. The Private Placement Warrants are also redeemable in accordance with the Warrant Agreement (and must be
redeemed if the Public Warrants are being redeemed) if the Reference Value (defined above) equals or exceeds 10.00 per share and does not equal or exceed 18.00 per share. 
 Except as described above under the heading Public Shareholders Warrants Redemption of warrants when the price per
Share of Common Stock equals or exceeds 10.00 , if holders of the Private Placement Warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its Warrants for that number of shares
of Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants, multiplied by the excess of the Sponsor fair market value (defined below) over the exercise
price of the Warrants by (y) JCIC Sponsor fair market value. For these purposes, the Sponsor fair market value shall mean the average reported closing price per share of Common Stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third
trading day prior to the date on which the notice of Warrant exercise is sent to the Warrant Agent. Any amendment to the terms of the
Private Placement Warrants or any provision of the Warrant Agreement with respect to the Private Placement Warrants will require a vote of holders of at least 65 of the number of the then outstanding Private Placement Warrants. 
 Board of Directors The Company s
business and affairs is managed under the direction of its board of directors. Under the Amended and Restated Charter, the Board is divided into three classes, designated as Class I, Class II and Class III, with each class consisting
of three (3) directors. The directors first elected to Class I will hold office for a term expiring at the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders; the directors first elected to Class II will hold office for a term expiring at the 2024
annual meeting of stockholders; and the directors first elected to Class III will hold office for a term expiring at the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders. At each succeeding annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company, the successors
to the class of directors whose term expires at that meeting will be elected by plurality vote of all votes cast at such meeting to hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders held in the third year following the year of
their election. 
 9 

Pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement, certain direct and indirect equityholders of Bridger
Aerospace Group Holdings, LLC that are affiliates of Blackstone Inc. (the BTO Stockholders ), collectively, have the right, but not the obligation, to nominate for election to the Board up to two (2) directors, for so long as the BTO
Entities (as defined in the Stockholders Agreement) collectively beneficially own (directly or indirectly) at least 10 of the outstanding Stock (as defined in the Stockholders Agreement); and (ii) one (1) director, for so long as the BTO
Entities collectively beneficially own (directly or indirectly) less than 10 of the outstanding Stock, but at least 33 of the shares of Stock held by the BTO Entities as of the Closing. In addition, for so long as the BTO Entities have such
nomination rights, the Board will use reasonable best efforts to cause any committee of the Board to include in its membership at least one director nominated by the BTO Stockholders provided that such individual satisfies all applicable SEC and
stock exchange requirements. In the event that a vacancy is created at any time by the death, disqualification, resignation or removal of a director nominated by BTO Stockholders, the BTO Stockholders, collectively, shall have the right to designate
a replacement to fill such vacancy. Ms. Coleman and Mr. Hirsch are the current BTO Stockholders director designees. Committees of the Board
of Directors Pursuant to the Amended and Restated Bylaws, the Board may establish one or more committees to which may be delegated any
or all of the powers and duties of the Board to the full extent permitted by law. The Board has established and maintained an audit committee, a governance committee and a compensation committee, and may establish such other committees as it
determines from time to time. Pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement, Bridger Element, LLC Bridger Element and its former
equityholders, to the extent they collectively beneficially own (directly or indirectly) at least 10 of the outstanding Stock have the right, but not the obligation, to nominate the Chairperson of the Compensation and Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committees of the Board, subject to satisfaction of applicable SEC and stock exchange requirements. Limitations on Non-Citizens To assist with the Company s compliance with Subtitle VII of Title 49 of the
United States Code, as the same may be amended from time to time, Article X of the Amended and Restated Charter and Article V of the Amended and Restated Bylaws contain provisions that limit Non-Citizens to
not more than (x) 24.9 of the aggregate votes of all the Company s outstanding voting securities or (y) 49.0 of the aggregate number of the Company s outstanding equity securities and prohibit certain voting right and transfers of the
Company s securities to ensure that ownership by Non-Citizens will not exceed these amounts. Additionally, such equity securities owned by Non-Citizens may not be
voted unless such shares are registered on the separate stock record maintained by the Company or any transfer agent (on behalf of the Company) for the registration of the Company s equity securities held by
 Non-Citizens. Pursuant to the Amended and Restated Bylaws, at no time shall the number of Non-Citizens who serve as officers or director, respectively, of the Company exceed the limitations provided under Section 40102(a)(15) of Title 49 of the United States Code (which, as of the effective date of
the Amended and Restated Bylaws and for informational purposes only, is one-third (1/3) of the total number of officers or director, respectively, then holding office). 
 Non-Citizen means persons or entities who are not citizens of the United
States as defined in Section 40102(a)(15) under Subtitle VII of Title 49 of the United States Code, as the same may be amended from time to time. 
 Amendment of Our Charter or Bylaws The
DGCL generally provides that the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on amendments to a corporation s certificate of incorporation or bylaws is required to approve such amendment, unless a
corporation s certificate of incorporation or bylaws, as applicable, imposes a higher voting standard. 
 10 

The affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3 of the voting power of all
then-outstanding Company Common Stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, is required to adopt, amend or repeal the Amended and Restated Bylaws and the provisions in the Amended and Restated
Charter related to directors, Bylaw amendments, indemnification and limitation of liability on directors and officers, special stockholder meetings and no action by written consent of the stockholders, corporate opportunities waiver, forum selection
and amendments to the Charter. Anti-Takeover Effects of Delaware Law, the Amended and Restated Charter and the Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 Some provisions of the DGCL, the Amended and Restated Charter and the Amended and Restated Bylaws contain provisions that could make the
following transactions more difficult: an acquisition the Company by means of a tender offer; an acquisition of the Company by means of a proxy contest or otherwise; or the removal of the Company s incumbent officers and directors. It is
possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish or could deter transactions that stockholders may otherwise consider to be in their best interest or in the Company s best interests, including transactions which provide
for payment of a premium over the market price for the Company s shares. Stockholder Meetings 
 The Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by the Chairperson of the Board, chief
executive officer or the Board. Requirements for Advance Notification of Stockholder Nominations and Proposals 
 The Amended and Restated Bylaws establish advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals to be brought before a stockholder
meeting and the nomination of candidates for election as directors, other than nominations made by or at the direction of the Board or a committee of Board. 
 Elimination of Stockholder Action by Written Consent 
 The Amended and Restated Bylaws do not permit stockholders to act by written consent without a meeting. 
 Staggered Board The Board is
divided into three (3) classes. Except for the directors first elected as Class I directors and Class II directors, the directors in each class serve for a three-year term, one class being elected each year by the Company s
stockholders. This system of electing and removing directors may tend to discourage a third-party from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company, because it generally makes it more difficult for stockholders to
replace a majority of the directors. Removal of Directors 
 The Amended and Restated Charter provides that no member of the Board may be removed from office by the Company s stockholders except for
cause and, in addition to any other vote required by law, upon the approval of at least a majority of the total voting power of all then-outstanding shares of capital stock then entitled to vote in the election of directors. 
 Stockholders Not Entitled to Cumulative Voting 
 The Amended and Restated Charter does not permit stockholders to cumulate their votes in the election of directors. Accordingly, the holders of
a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock entitled to vote in any election of directors can elect all of the directors standing for election, if they choose, other than any directors that holders of our preferred stock may be entitled to
elect. 
 11 

Delaware Anti-Takeover Statute 
 The Amended and Restated Charter provides that the Company is not governed by Section 203 of the DGCL which, in the absence of such
provisions, would have imposed additional requirements regarding mergers and other business combinations. However, the Amended and
Restated Charter includes a provision that restricts the Company from engaging in any business combination with an interested stockholder for three (3) years following the date that person becomes an interested stockholder. Such restrictions do
not apply to any business combination between JCIC Sponsor, the BTO Stockholders, Banc of America Strategic Investments Corporation, JPMorgan Chase Funding Inc., Bridger Element, Mr. McAndrew Rudisill, Mr. Timothy Sheehy and
Mr. Matthew Sheehy and any successors or affiliate thereof or their direct and indirect transferees, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 
 The Company would be able to enter into a business combination with an interested stockholder if: 
 (a) before that person became an interested stockholder, the Board approved the business combination or the transaction in which the interested
stockholder became an interested stockholder; (b) upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an
interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock
owned by the interested stockholder) those shares owned by (i) persons who are directors and also officers and (ii) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held
subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; (c) at or subsequent to such time, the business combination is
approved by the Board and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 of the outstanding voting stock of the Company that is not owned by the interested
stockholder; or (d) the stockholder became an interested stockholder inadvertently and (i) as soon as practicable divested itself of
ownership of sufficient shares so that the stockholder ceased to be an interested stockholder and (ii) was not, at any time within the three-year period immediately prior to a business combination between the Company and such stockholder, an
interested stockholder but for the inadvertent acquisition of ownership. In general, a business combination is defined to
include mergers, asset sales and other transactions resulting in financial benefit to a stockholder and an interested stockholder is any person who, together with affiliates and associates, is the owner of 15 or more of the
Company s outstanding voting stock or is the Company s affiliate or associate and was the owner of 15 or more of the Company s outstanding voting stock at any time within the three-year period immediately before the date of
determination. Under the Amended and Restated Charter, an interested stockholder does not include JCIC Sponsor, the BTO Stockholders, Banc of America Strategic Investments Corporation, JPMorgan Chase Funding Inc., Bridger Element,
Mr. McAndrew Rudisill, Mr. Timothy Sheehy and Mr. Matthew Sheehy and any successors or affiliate thereof or their direct and indirect transferees. 
 This provision of the Amended and Restated Charter could prohibit or delay mergers or other takeover or change in control attempts and,
accordingly, may discourage attempts to acquire the Company even though such a transaction may offer the Company s stockholders the opportunity to sell their stock at a price above the prevailing market price. The existence of this provision
may have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions not approved in advance by the Board. 
 12 

Exclusive Forum 
 The Amended and Restated Charter provides that unless a majority of the Board, acting on behalf of the Company, consents in writing to the
selection of an alternative forum (which consent may be given at any time, including during the pendency of litigation), the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, another state court
located within the State of Delaware or, if no court located within the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware), to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall be the sole and exclusive forum for
(i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or
the Company s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any of its directors, officers or other employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the Amended and Restated Charter or the Amended and
Restated Bylaws (in each case, as may be amended from time to time), (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any of its directors, officers or other employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the State of Delaware or
(v) any other action asserting an internal corporate claim, as defined in Section 115 of the DGCL, in all cases subject to the court s having personal jurisdiction over all indispensable parties named as defendants.
Subject to the preceding provisions and unless a majority of the Board, acting on behalf of the Company, consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum (which consent may be given at any time, including during the pendency of
litigation), the federal district courts of the United States of America, to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any action asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities
Act. 
 13 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-10.23>
 3
 d479797dex1023.htm
 EX-10.23

EX-10.23 

Exhibit 10.23 
 Execution Version 
 AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO LOAN AGREEMENT THIS
AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO LOAN AGREEMENT Amendment is dated as of December 28, 2022 and is by and among BRIDGER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, LLC, a Montana limited liability company Borrower and ROCKY MOUNTAIN BANK, its successors
and assigns Lender ). Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in the Loan Agreement referred to herein below 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, Lender and Borrower have entered into certain financing arrangements pursuant to the Construction Loan
Agreement dated September 30, 2019 by and among Borrower and Lender (as amended by that certain Waiver and Amendment No. 1 to Loan Agreement dated as of June 8, 2022, that certain Waiver and Amendment No. 2 to Loan Agreement dated as of November 3,
2022 and as further amended, modified, supplemented, renewed, restated, or replaced, the Loan Agreement WHEREAS, Borrower
has requested that the Lender agree to certain amendments related to the Senior Leverage Ratio of the Borrower; WHEREAS, the Lender has
agreed to the foregoing request, on and subject to the terms and conditions container herein. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
premises set forth above, the terms and conditions contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the respective parties hereto herby agree as follows: 
 1. Amendments . In reliance upon the representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth herein and subject to the conditions to
effectiveness set forth herein below, the Loan Agreement is hereby amended as follows: a. Section 6.7 of the Loan Agreement is hereby
amended and restated in its entirety as follows: The Borrower will have a Senior Leverage Ratio as of the last day of any fiscal
quarter, beginning with the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2022 and each fiscal quarter ending thereafter, of not more than as set forth below: 

i. 
 7.00 to 1.00 with respect to the four quarter period ending on each of December 31, 2022 through September 30,
2024; 

ii. 
 6.00 to 1.00 with respect to the four quarter period ending on each of December 31, 2024 through September 30,
2025; and 

iii. 
 5.50 to 1.00 with respect to the four quarter period ending on each of December 31, 2025 and each fiscal
quarter thereafter. 2. Conditions . The amendments contained in this Amendment shall become effective upon
delivery by the Borrower of, and compliance by the Borrower with, the following: a. This Amendment, duly executed by the Borrower. 

Execution Version 
 b. If the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer 
under the beneficial ownership regulations, the Borrower must deliver a Beneficial Ownership Certification. c. The Lender shall have
received all fees and amounts due and payable by the Borrower on or prior to the date hereof, including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to the Lender payable pursuant the Loan Agreement to the extent requested by the Lender. 
 3. Representations and Warranties, Etc . 
 a. Reassertion of Representations and Warranties, No Default . The Borrower hereby represents that on and as of the date hereof and after
giving effect to this Amendment: (a) all of the representations and warranties contained in the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents are true, correct and complete in all material respects as of the date hereof as though made on and as of
such date, except (i) for changes permitted by the terms of the Loan Agreement as amended by this Amendment and (ii) to the extent such representation or warranty relates to an earlier specified date, in which case such representation or warranty is
reaffirmed as true and correct in all material respects as to such date and (b) there will exist no Default or Event of Default under the Loan Agreement as amended by this Amendment on such date which has not been cured or waived by the Lender. 
 b. Authority, No Conflict, No Consent Required, Enforceability . The Borrower represents and warrants that the Borrower has the power and
legal right and authority to enter into this Amendment and has duly authorized as appropriate the execution and delivery of the Amendment by proper corporate action, and neither the Amendment nor the agreements contained herein contravenes or
constitutes a default under any indenture, agreement, instrument or other similar document to which Borrower is a party or a signatory or a provision of Borrower s constituent documents or any other agreement or requirement of law, or results
in the imposition of any lien on any of its property under any agreement binding on or applicable to the Borrower or any of its property except, if any, in favor of the Lender. The Borrower represents and warrants that no consent, approval or
authorization of or registration or declaration with any person or entity, including but not limited to any governmental authority, is required in connection with the execution and delivery by the Borrower of the Amendment or other agreements and
documents executed and delivered by the Borrower in connection therewith or the performance of obligations of the Borrower therein described, except (a) for those which the Borrower has obtained or provided and as to which the Borrower has delivered
certified copies of documents evidencing each such action to the Lender and (b) for those which the Borrower will make, obtain or provide upon the consummation of this Amendment and as to which the Borrower will promptly deliver certified copies of
documents evidencing each such action to the Lender. The Borrower represents and warrants that the Amendment constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its terms, subject
to limitations as to enforceability which might result from bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium and other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to limitations on the availability of equitable remedies. 

Execution Version 
 c. No Adverse Claim . The Borrower warrants, acknowledges and
agrees that no events have taken place and no circumstances exist at the date hereof which would give the Borrower a basis to assert a defense, offset or counterclaim to any claim of the Lender with respect to the obligations of the Borrower and the
Guarantors under the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents. d. Affirmation of Loan Agreement, Further References, Affirmation of
Security Interest . The Lender and the Borrower each acknowledge and affirm that the Loan Agreement, as amended hereby, is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects and all terms, conditions and provisions of the Loan Agreement and the other
Loan Documents, except as amended by this Amendment, shall remain unmodified and in full force and effect. All references in any document or instrument to the Loan Agreement are hereby amended and shall refer to the Loan Agreement as amended hereby.
The Borrower confirms to the Lender that the obligations of the Borrower and the Guarantors under the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents are and continue to be secured by the security interest granted by the Borrower in favor of the Lender
under the Loan Documents and all of the terms, conditions, provisions, agreements, requirements, promises, obligations, duties, covenants and representations of the Borrower and the Guarantors under such documents and any and all other documents and
agreements entered into with respect to the obligations under the Loan Agreement are incorporated herein by reference and are hereby ratified and affirmed in all respects by the Borrower. 
 4. Merger and Integration, Superseding Effect . This Amendment, from and after the date hereof, embodies the entire agreement and
understanding between the parties hereto and supersedes and has merged into this Amendment all prior oral and written agreements on the same subjects by and between the parties hereto with the effect that this Amendment shall control with respect to
the specific subjects hereof and thereof. 5. Severability . Whenever possible, each provision of this Amendment and any other
statement, instrument or transaction contemplated hereby or thereby or relating hereto or thereto shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective, valid and enforceable under the applicable law of any jurisdiction, but, if any provision of
this Amendment or any other statement, instrument or transaction contemplated hereby or thereby or relating hereto or thereto shall be held to be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable under the applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective in
such jurisdiction only to the extent of such prohibition, invalidity or unenforceability, without invalidating or rendering unenforceable the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of this Amendment or any other statement,
instrument or transaction contemplated hereby or thereby or relating hereto or thereto in such jurisdiction, or affecting the effectiveness, validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 6. Successors . This Amendment shall be binding upon the Borrower, the Lender and their respective successors and assigns, and shall
inure to the benefit of the Borrower, the Lender and their successors and assigns. 7. Legal Expenses . As provided in the Loan
Agreement, the Borrower agrees to reimburse the Lender for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including filing and recording costs and fees, charges and disbursements of outside counsel to the Lender incurred from time to time) incurred in
connection with the negotiation, preparation, enforcement and collection of this Amendment and all other documents negotiated and prepared in connection with this Amendment. 

Execution Version 
 8. Headings . The headings of various sections of this Amendment
have been inserted for reference only and shall not be deemed to be a part of this Amendment. 9. Counterparts . This Amendment may
be executed in several counterparts as deemed necessary or convenient, each of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original, provided that all such counterparts shall be regarded as one and the same document, and any party to this Amendment
may execute any such agreement by executing a counterpart of such agreement. 10. Governing Law . THE AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY
AND CONSTRUED UNDER THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF MONTANA. 11. Acknowledgement and Release . IN ORDER TO INDUCE THE LENDER TO
ENTER INTO THIS AMENDMENT, THE BORROWER: (A) REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS TO THE LENDER THAT NO EVENTS HAVE TAKEN PLACE AND NO CIRCUMSTANCES EXIST AT THE DATE HEREOF WHICH WOULD GIVE THE BORROWER THE RIGHT TO ASSERT A DEFENSE, OFFSET OR COUNTERCLAIM TO
ANY CLAIM BY THE LENDER FOR PAYMENT OF THE OBLIGATIONS OF THE BORROWER OR ANY GUARANTOR UNDER ANY LOAN DOCUMENT TO WHICH THEY ARE A PARTY; AND (B) HEREBY RELEASES AND FOREVER DISCHARGES THE LENDER AND ITS SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS,
AGENTS, EMPLOYEES AND PARTICIPANTS FROM ANY AND ALL ACTIONS, CAUSES OF ACTION, SUITS, PROCEEDINGS, DEBTS, SUMS OF MONEY, COVENANTS, CONTRACTS, CONTROVERSIES, CLAIMS AND DEMANDS, AT LAW OR IN EQUITY, WHICH THE BORROWER EVER HAD OR NOW HAS AGAINST THE
LENDER OR ANY OF ITS SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, AGENTS, EMPLOYEES OR PARTICIPANTS BY VIRTUE OF THEIR RELATIONSHIP TO THE BORROWER IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AMENDMENT, THE LOAN AGREEMENT, THE LOAN DOCUMENTS AND TRANSACTIONS RELATED
THERETO. [Signature Pages Follow] 

LENDER: 

ROCKY MOUNTAIN BANK 

By: 
 
 /s/ Dan Bettencourt 
 
 Name: 
 
 Dan Bettencourt 
 
 Its: 
 
 Bozeman President 
 
 [Signature Page 
Amendment No. 3 (2019 Construction Loan)] 

BORROWER: 

BRIDGER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, LLC, 
 a Montana limited liability company 

By: 
 
 /s/ Timothy P. Sheehy 
 
 Name: 
 
 Timothy P. Sheehy 
 
 Its: 
 
 Manager 
 
 [Signature Page 
Amendment No. 3 (2019 Construction Loan)] 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-10.28>
 4
 d479797dex1028.htm
 EX-10.28

EX-10.28 

Exhibit 10.28 
 Execution Version 
 AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO LOAN AGREEMENT THIS
AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO LOAN AGREEMENT Amendment is dated as of December 28, 2022 and is by and among BRIDGER AVIATION SERVICES, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Borrower and ROCKY MOUNTAIN BANK, its successors and
assigns Lender ). Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in the Loan Agreement referred to herein below. 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, Lender and Borrower have entered into certain financing arrangements pursuant to the Loan Agreement dated
February 3, 2020 by and among Borrower and Lender, (as amended by that certain Waiver and Amendment No. 1 to Loan Agreement dated as of June 8, 2022, that certain Waiver and Amendment No. 2 to Loan Agreement dated as of November 3, 2022 and as
further amended, modified, supplemented, renewed, restated, or replaced, the Loan Agreement WHEREAS, Borrower has requested
that the Lender agree to certain amendments related to the Senior Leverage Ratio of the Borrower; WHEREAS, the Lender has agreed to the
foregoing request, on and subject to the terms and conditions container herein. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises set
forth above, the terms and conditions contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the respective parties hereto herby agree as follows: 
 1. Amendments . In reliance upon the representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth herein and subject to the conditions to
effectiveness set forth herein below, the Loan Agreement is hereby amended as follows: a. Section 6.7 of the Loan Agreement is hereby
amended and restated in its entirety as follows: The Borrower will have a Senior Leverage Ratio as of the last day of any fiscal
quarter, beginning with the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2022 and each fiscal quarter ending thereafter, of not more than as set forth below: 

i. 
 7.00 to 1.00 with respect to the four quarter period ending on each of December 31, 2022 through September 30,
2024; 

ii. 
 6.00 to 1.00 with respect to the four quarter period ending on each of December 31, 2024 through September 30,
2025; and 

iii. 
 5.50 to 1.00 with respect to the four quarter period ending on each of December 31, 2025 and each fiscal
quarter thereafter. 2. Conditions. The amendments contained in this Amendment shall become effective upon delivery
by the Borrower of, and compliance by the Borrower with, the following: a. This Amendment, duly executed by the Borrower. 

Execution Version 
 b. If the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer 
under the beneficial ownership regulations, the Borrower must deliver a Beneficial Ownership Certification. c. The Lender shall have
received all fees and amounts due and payable by the Borrower on or prior to the date hereof, including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to the Lender payable pursuant the Loan Agreement to the extent requested by the Lender. 
 3. Representations and Warranties, Etc. 
 a. Reassertion of Representations and Warranties, No Default . The Borrower hereby represents that on and as of the date hereof and after
giving effect to this Amendment: (a) all of the representations and warranties contained in the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents are true, correct and complete in all material respects as of the date hereof as though made on and as of
such date, except (i) for changes permitted by the terms of the Loan Agreement as amended by this Amendment and (ii) to the extent such
representation or warranty relates to an earlier specified date, in which case such representation or warranty is reaffirmed as true and correct in all material respects as to such date and (b) there will exist no Default or Event of Default under
the Loan Agreement as amended by this Amendment on such date which has not been cured or waived by the Lender. b.
 Authority, No Conflict, No Consent Required, Enforceability . The Borrower represents and warrants that the Borrower has the power and legal right and authority to enter into this Amendment and has duly authorized as appropriate the execution
and delivery of the Amendment by proper corporate action, and neither the Amendment nor the agreements contained herein contravenes or constitutes a default under any indenture, agreement, instrument or other similar document to which Borrower is a
party or a signatory or a provision of Borrower s constituent documents or any other agreement or requirement of law, or results in the imposition of any lien on any of its property under any agreement binding on or applicable to the Borrower
or any of its property except, if any, in favor of the Lender. The Borrower represents and warrants that no consent, approval or authorization of or registration or declaration with any person or entity, including but not limited to any governmental
authority, is required in connection with the execution and delivery by the Borrower of the Amendment or other agreements and documents executed and delivered by the Borrower in connection therewith or the performance of obligations of the Borrower
therein described, except (a) for those which the Borrower has obtained or provided and as to which the Borrower has delivered certified copies of documents evidencing each such action to the Lender and (b) for those which the Borrower will make,
obtain or provide upon the consummation of this Amendment and as to which the Borrower will promptly deliver certified copies of documents evidencing each such action to the Lender. The Borrower represents and warrants that the Amendment constitutes
the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its terms, subject to limitations as to enforceability which might result from bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium and other similar laws
affecting creditors rights generally and subject to limitations on the availability of equitable remedies. 

Execution Version 
 c. No Adverse Claim . The Borrower warrants, acknowledges and
agrees that no events have taken place and no circumstances exist at the date hereof which would give the Borrower a basis to assert a defense, offset or counterclaim to any claim of the Lender with respect to the obligations of the Borrower and the
Guarantors under the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents. d. Affirmation of Loan Agreement, Further References, Affirmation of
Security Interest . The Lender and the Borrower each acknowledge and affirm that the Loan Agreement, as amended hereby, is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects and all terms, conditions and provisions of the Loan Agreement and the other
Loan Documents, except as amended by this Amendment, shall remain unmodified and in full force and effect. All references in any document or instrument to the Loan Agreement are hereby amended and shall refer to the Loan Agreement as amended hereby.
The Borrower confirms to the Lender that the obligations of the Borrower and the Guarantors under the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents are and continue to be secured by the security interest granted by the Borrower in favor of the Lender
under the Security Agreement and the Aircraft Mortgage and all of the terms, conditions, provisions, agreements,requirements, promises, obligations, duties, covenants and representations of the Borrower and the Guarantors under such documents and
any and all other documents and agreements entered into with respect to the obligations under the Loan Agreement are incorporated herein by reference and are hereby ratified and affirmed in all respects by the Borrower. 
 4. Merger and Integration, Superseding Effect . This Amendment, from and after the date hereof, embodies the entire agreement and
understanding between the parties hereto and supersedes and has merged into this Amendment all prior oral and written agreements on the same subjects by and between the parties hereto with the effect that this Amendment shall control with respect to
the specific subjects hereof and thereof. 5. Severability . Whenever possible, each provision of this Amendment and any other
statement, instrument or transaction contemplated hereby or thereby or relating hereto or thereto shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective, valid and enforceable under the applicable law of any jurisdiction, but, if any provision of
this Amendment or any other statement, instrument or transaction contemplated hereby or thereby or relating hereto or thereto shall be held to be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable under the applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective in
such jurisdiction only to the extent of such prohibition, invalidity or unenforceability, without invalidating or rendering unenforceable the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of this Amendment or any other statement,
instrument or transaction contemplated hereby or thereby or relating hereto or thereto in such jurisdiction, or affecting the effectiveness, validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 6. Successors . This Amendment shall be binding upon the Borrower, the Lender and their respective successors and assigns, and shall
inure to the benefit of the Borrower, the Lender and their successors and assigns. 7. Legal Expenses . As provided in the Loan
Agreement, the Borrower agrees to reimburse the Lender for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including filing and recording costs and fees, charges and
disbursements of outside counsel to the Lender incurred from time to time) incurred in connection with the negotiation, preparation, enforcement and collection of this Amendment and all other documents negotiated and prepared in connection with this
Amendment. 

Execution Version 
 8. Headings . The headings of various sections of this Amendment
have been inserted for reference only and shall not be deemed to be a part of this Amendment. 9. Counterparts . This Amendment may
be executed in several counterparts as deemed necessary or convenient, each of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original, provided that all such counterparts shall be regarded as one and the same document, and any party to this Amendment
may execute any such agreement by executing a counterpart of such agreement. 10. Governing Law . THE AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY
AND CONSTRUED UNDER THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF MONTANA. 11. Acknowledgement and Release . IN ORDER TO INDUCE THE LENDER TO
ENTER INTO THIS AMENDMENT, THE BORROWER: (A) REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS TO THE LENDER THAT NO EVENTS HAVE TAKEN PLACE AND NO CIRCUMSTANCES EXIST AT THE DATE HEREOF WHICH WOULD GIVE THE BORROWER THE RIGHT TO ASSERT A DEFENSE, OFFSET OR COUNTERCLAIM TO
ANY CLAIM BY THE LENDER FOR PAYMENT OF THE OBLIGATIONS OF THE BORROWER OR ANY GUARANTOR UNDER ANY LOAN DOCUMENT TO WHICH THEY ARE A PARTY; AND (B) HEREBY RELEASES AND FOREVER DISCHARGES THE LENDER AND ITS SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS,
AGENTS, EMPLOYEES AND PARTICIPANTS FROM ANY AND ALL ACTIONS, CAUSES OF ACTION, SUITS, PROCEEDINGS, DEBTS, SUMS OF MONEY, COVENANTS, CONTRACTS, CONTROVERSIES, CLAIMS AND DEMANDS, AT LAW OR IN EQUITY, WHICH THE BORROWER EVER HAD OR NOW HAS AGAINST THE
LENDER OR ANY OF ITS SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, AGENTS, EMPLOYEES OR PARTICIPANTS BY VIRTUE OF THEIR RELATIONSHIP TO THE BORROWER IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AMENDMENT, THE LOAN AGREEMENT, THE LOAN DOCUMENTS AND TRANSACTIONS RELATED
THERETO. [Signature Pages Follow] 

LENDER: 
 ROCKY MOUNTAIN BANK 

By: 
 
 /s/ Dan Bettencourt 
 
 Name: 
 
 Dan Bettencourt 
 
 Its: 
 
 Bozeman President 
 
 [Signature Page 
Amendment No. 3 (2020 Aircraft Loan)] 

BORROWER: 
 BRIDGER AVIATION SERVICES, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company 

By: 
 
 /s/ Timothy P. Sheehy 
 
 Name: 
 
 Timothy P. Sheehy 
 
 Its: 
 
 Manager 
 
 [Signature Page 
Amendment No. 3 (2020 Aircraft Loan)] 

</EX-10.28>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 d479797dex211.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21.1 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES 

Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction of Organization 

1. 
 
 AE C te-Nord Canada Bioenergy Inc. 
 
 Canada 
 
 2. 
 
 Bridger Aerospace Australia Pty Ltd 
 
 Australia 
 
 3. 
 
 Bridger Aerospace Defense Services, LLC 
 
 Montana 
 
 4. 
 
 Bridger Aerospace Group Holdings, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 5. 
 
 Bridger Aerospace Group, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 6. 
 
 Bridger Aerospace, LLC 
 
 Montana 
 
 7. 
 
 Bridger Air Tanker, LLC 
 
 Montana 
 
 8. 
 
 Bridger Air Tanker 1, LLC 
 
 Montana 
 
 9. 
 
 Bridger Air Tanker 2, LLC 
 
 Montana 
 
 10. 
 
 Bridger Air Tanker 3, LLC 
 
 Montana 
 
 11. 
 
 Bridger Air Tanker 4, LLC 
 
 Montana 
 
 12. 
 
 Bridger Air Tanker 5, LLC 
 
 Montana 
 
 13. 
 
 Bridger Air Tanker 6, LLC 
 
 Montana 
 
 14. 
 
 Bridger Air Tanker 7, LLC 
 
 Montana 
 
 15. 
 
 Bridger Air Tanker 8, LLC 
 
 Montana 
 
 16. 
 
 Bridger Aviation Repair, LLC 
 
 Montana 
 
 17. 
 
 Bridger Aviation Services, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 18. 
 
 Bridger Ground Support, LLC 
 
 Montana 
 
 19. 
 
 Bridger Merger Corp. 
 
 Cayman Islands 
 
 20. 
 
 Bridger Solutions International, LLC 
 
 Montana 
 
 21. 
 
 Bridger Solutions International 1, LLC 
 
 Montana 
 
 22. 
 
 Bridger Solutions International 2, LLC 
 
 Montana 
 
 23. 
 
 Bridger Tanker, LLC 
 
 Montana 
 
 24. 
 
 BTOF (Grannus Feeder) NQ L.P. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 25. 
 
 Ensyn BioEnergy Canada, Inc. 
 
 Canada 
 
 26. 
 
 Firetrac.com, LLC 
 
 Montana 
 
 27. 
 
 Mountain Air, LLC (d/b/a Bridger Aerospace) 
 
 Arkansas 
 
 28. 
 
 Northern Fire Management Services, LLC 
 
 Montana 
 
 29. 
 
 Whitepeak BioEnergy, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 30. 
 
 Wildfire GP Sub IV, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 d479797dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION I, Timothy Sheehy, certify
that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bridger Aerospace
Group Holdings, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

b) 
 (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos.
 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 20, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Timothy Sheehy 

Name: Timothy Sheehy 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 d479797dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION I, Eric Gerratt, certify
that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bridger Aerospace
Group Holdings, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

b) 
 (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos.
 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 20, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Eric Gerratt 

Name: Eric Gerratt 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 d479797dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Bridger Aerospace Group Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, (the Report ), the undersigned officers of the Company hereby
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Dated: March 20, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Timothy Sheehy 

Name: Timothy Sheehy 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: March 20, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Eric Gerratt 

Name: Eric Gerratt 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

