<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_1593222_0001193125-23-045574.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10805446</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>299500</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3032285</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3394349</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1826815</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1934396</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-045574.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223063141
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-045574
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			City Office REIT, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001593222
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				981141883
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36409
		FILM NUMBER:		23655832

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 3210 - 666 BURRARD STREET
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V6C 2X8
		BUSINESS PHONE:		1-604-806-3353

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 3210 - 666 BURRARD STREET
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V6C 2X8

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-045574.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 d422951d10k.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 

to 

Commission file no: 

(State or other jurisdiction

(IRS Employer

of incorporation or organization)

Identification No.)

, BC 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of each Exchange on Which Registered

, 0.01 par value

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated
 filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes 

No 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, indicate by check mark whether financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates
 of the registrant was approximately million, based on the closing sales price of 12.95 per share as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 As of February 16, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. 

 Documents incorporated by reference: Portions of the registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (to be filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after the end of the registrant s fiscal year end) are incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 in response to Part II, Item 5 and Part III, Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14. 

Table of Contents 

 CITY OFFICE REIT, INC. 

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Table of Contents 

Page

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

3 

PART I 

5 

ITEM 1.

BUSINESS 

5 

ITEM 1A.

RISK FACTORS 

9 

ITEM 1B.

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

39 

ITEM 2.

PROPERTIES 

40 

ITEM 3.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

42 

ITEM 4.

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

42 

PART II 

43 

ITEM 5.

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

43 

ITEM 6.

[RESERVED ] 

45 

ITEM 7.

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

46 

ITEM 7A.

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

57 

ITEM 8.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

59 

ITEM 9.

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

59 

ITEM 9A.

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

59 

ITEM 9B.

OTHER INFORMATION 

60 

ITEM 9C.

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

60 

PART III 

61 

ITEM 10.

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

61 

ITEM 11.

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

61 

ITEM 12.

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

61 

ITEM 13.

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

61 

ITEM 14.

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

61 

PART IV 

61 

ITEM 15.

EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

61 

ITEM 16.

FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

94 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K
 contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are included throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
 including in the sections entitled Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Business and Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions, and relate to matters such as our industry, business strategy, goals and expectations concerning our market position, future operations, margins, profitability, capital expenditures, financial condition, liquidity, capital resources, cash flows, results of operations and other financial and operating information. We have used the words approximately, anticipate, assume, believe, budget, contemplate, continue, could, estimate, expect, future, intend, may, outlook, plan, potential, predict, project, seek, should, target, will and similar terms and phrases to identify forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
 All of our forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those that we are expecting, including: 

adverse economic or real estate developments in the office sector or the markets in which we operate; 

increased interest rates, any resulting increase in financing or operating costs, the impact of inflation and a stall in economic growth or an economic recession; 

changes in local, regional, national and international economic conditions, including as a result of the coronavirus disease COVID-19 pandemic; 

the extent to which work from home policies continue as a result of the COVID-19
 pandemic; 

our inability to compete effectively; 

our inability to collect rent from tenants or renew tenants leases on attractive terms if at all; 

demand for and market acceptance of our properties for rental purposes, including as a result of near-term market fluctuations or long-term trends that result in an overall decrease in the demand for office space; 

decreased rental rates or increased vacancy rates, including as a result of the COVID-19
 pandemic; 

our failure to obtain necessary financing or access the capital markets on favorable terms or at all; 

changes in the availability of acquisition opportunities; 

availability of qualified personnel; 

our inability to successfully complete real estate acquisitions or dispositions on the terms and timing we expect, or at all; 

our failure to successfully operate acquired properties and operations; 

changes in our business, financing or investment strategy or the markets in which we operate; 

our failure to generate sufficient cash flows to service our outstanding indebtedness; 

environmental uncertainties and risks related to adverse weather conditions and natural disasters; 

our failure to maintain our qualification as a real estate investment trust REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 

government approvals, actions and initiatives, including the need for compliance with environmental requirements; 

outcome of claims and litigation involving or affecting us; 

financial market fluctuations; 

3 

Table of Contents 

changes in real estate, taxation and zoning laws and other legislation and government activity and changes to real property tax rates and the taxation of REITs in general; and 

additional factors discussed under the sections captioned Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Business. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 are based on historical performance and management s current plans, estimates and expectations in light of information currently available to us and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. Actual results may differ materially from these expectations due to the factors, risks and uncertainties described above, changes in global, regional or local political, economic, business, competitive, market, regulatory and other factors described in Risk Factors, many of which are beyond our control. We believe that these factors include those described in Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove to be incorrect, our actual results may vary in material respects from what we may have expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. We caution that you should not place undue reliance on any of our forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement made by us in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 speaks only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
 Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as may be required by applicable securities laws. 

4 

Table of Contents 
 PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

We are an internally-managed corporation organized in the state of Maryland on November 26, 2013 focused on owning, operating and acquiring high-quality office properties located predominantly in Sun Belt markets. Our markets possess a number of attractive demographic and employment characteristics that we believe will lead to capital appreciation and growth in rental income at our properties over time. Our senior management team has extensive industry relationships and a proven track record in executing this strategy, which we believe provides a competitive advantage to our stockholders. We have elected to be taxed, and intend to continue to qualify, as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

 We believe that the vibrant characteristics of our markets and the quality of our portfolio positions us for attractive, long-term risk-adjusted returns. The cities in which we operate provide a high-quality standard of living, strong population and employment growth trends and a depth and diversity of local economies. Within our markets, we focus on acquiring properties that are well located, highly amenitized and positioned for long-term leasing success and value creation. We believe that we have a competitive advantage across our markets due to the strength of our existing portfolio holdings, our local relationships and our proven track record of execution. 

 Our senior management team has extensive experience in real estate markets and is made up of James Farrar, our Chief Executive Officer, Gregory Tylee, our President and Chief Operating Officer, and Anthony Maretic, our Chief Financial Officer, each with over 20 years of experience. We internally asset manage our properties but use local firms for property management and leasing in our markets to benefit from their local market knowledge, efficient operations and existing infrastructure. 

 As of December 31, 2022, we owned 60 office buildings with a total of approximately 6.0 million square feet of net rentable area NRA in the metropolitan areas of Dallas, Denver, Orlando, Phoenix, Portland, Raleigh, San Diego, Seattle and Tampa. We believe that our properties are high-quality assets that provide excellent access to transportation options, are located near affluent neighborhoods, contain extensive amenities and are well-maintained. We also believe that our properties have a stable and diverse tenant profile, including federal and state governmental agencies and national and regional businesses. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio was approximately 86.2 occupied. Our occupied leases have staggered expirations and a weighted average remaining lease term to maturity of 4.9 years as of December 31, 2022. Our leases typically include rent escalation provisions designed to provide annual growth in our rental income as well as an ability to pass through cost escalations to our tenants. 

 For further information on our target markets and the composition of our tenant base, see Item 2 Properties. 

 Business Objectives and Growth Strategies 

Our principal business objective is to provide attractive risk-adjusted returns to our investors over the long-term through a combination of dividends and capital appreciation. We believe the following strategies will help us achieve our business objective and continue to distinguish us from other owners and operators of office properties in our markets: 

 Drive Value Creation and Earnings per Share Growth:

We evaluate a range of strategies to create per share growth, including at the property level and through prudent capital allocation. In addition to driving rental revenue through strategic leasing, we also evaluate the opportunity to harvest value through dispositions and accretive redeployment of capital. We also evaluate and have executed prior share repurchase programs to buy back our shares at what we believe are significant discounts to their inherent value. 

5 

Table of Contents 
 Drive Cash Flow Increases through Rent Growth:

Our leases typically provide for contractual increases in base rental rates. These rental escalations are expected to result in predictable increases in rental revenues for us over time. We will continue to seek to include contractual rent escalators in future leases to further facilitate predictable growth in rental income. In circumstances where in-place
 rental rates are below market rental rates, we will aim to capture increases in cash flow by increasing rents to market. 
 Lease Currently Vacant Space and Complete Strategic Lease Renewals: 

As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio was approximately 86.2 occupied, and we believe that there is potential to generate additional rental income by leasing space in these properties that is currently unoccupied. We believe we have been successful in enhancing the appeal of vacant spaces by completing improvements to vacant leasable space, creating or improving building amenities and renovating common areas. We also seek to create stable, long-term cash flow through strategic lease renewals at market rental rates. 
 Acquire Properties in Our Target Markets: 

We seek to expand our portfolio through acquisitions of office properties located predominantly in vibrant Sun Belt markets. We believe that expanding the depth of our portfolio in our markets and adding new strategic markets with similar characteristics creates economies of scale and builds a more desirable portfolio. We use our management team s market-specific knowledge to identify acquisitions that we believe offer cash flow stability and long-term value creation opportunities. 
 Leverage Strong Relationships of Our Management Team: 

Our senior management team has extensive relationships within our markets, including with real estate owners, developers, operators and brokers. We have strong relationships with our local third-party property and leasing managers who typically operate a large number of properties in the submarkets and markets where our properties are located, providing economies of scale and local market insight. In addition, our management team has strong lending relationships with various banks and insurance companies. 
 Implement Property Enhancements and Cost-Saving Initiatives: 

We actively pursue opportunities to enhance our properties through capital improvements initiatives to position them optimally within their competitive set. We also pursue cost reduction initiatives and use our scale to generate operating synergies. 
 2022 Highlights 

Completed approximately 777,000 square feet of new and renewal leasing; 

Integrated and stabilized the 975,000 square feet of premier office buildings in Raleigh, Phoenix and Dallas that we acquired in December 2021; 

Closed the disposition of Lake Vista Pointe property in Dallas, Texas for a gross sales price of 43.8 million, generating a gain on sale of 21.7 million; and 

Completed the repurchase of 4,006,897 shares of common stock at an average gross price of 12.48 per share for a total cost of approximately 50.0 million. 

Competition 

We compete with other REITs (both public and private), public and private real estate companies, private real estate investors and lenders, both domestic and foreign, in acquiring properties. We also face competition in leasing or subleasing available properties to prospective tenants. 

 We believe that our management s experience and relationships in, and local knowledge of, the markets in which we operate put us at a competitive advantage when seeking acquisitions. However, some of our competitors have greater resources than we do, or may have a more flexible capital structure when seeking to finance acquisitions. We also face competition in leasing or subleasing available properties to prospective 

6 

Table of Contents 
 
 tenants. Some real estate operators may be willing to enter into leases at lower contractual rental rates. However, we believe that the quality of our properties, the high caliber of our local management teams and our active property reinvestment strategy are attractive to tenants and serve as a competitive advantage. 

 Segment and Geographic Financial Information 

During 2022, we had one reportable segment, our office properties segment. For information about our office property revenues and long-lived assets and other financial information, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
 
 Environmental Matters 

A wide variety of environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations affect our properties. These complex laws, and their enforcement, involve a myriad of regulations, many of which involve strict liability on the part of the potential offender. Some of these laws may directly impact us. Under various local environmental laws, ordinances and regulations, an owner of real property, such as us, may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances at, under or disposed of in connection with such property, as well as other potential costs relating to hazardous or toxic substances (including government fines and damages for injuries to persons and adjacent property). The cost of any required remediation, removal, fines or personal or property damages and the owner s liability therefore could exceed or impair the value of the property, and/or the assets of the owner. In addition, the presence of such substances, or the failure to properly dispose of or remediate such substances, may adversely affect the owner s ability to sell or rent such property or to borrow using such property as collateral which, in turn, could reduce our revenues. 

 We believe that our properties are in compliance in all material respects with all federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations regarding hazardous or toxic substances and other environmental matters. We have not been notified by any governmental authority of any material non-compliance,
 liability or claim relating to hazardous or toxic substances or other environmental matter in connection with any of our properties. 
 Human Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company employed 23 full-time employees. The Company believes that corporate social responsibility goes hand-in-hand

 with business growth and maximizing returns for our investors. Social responsibility furthers our mission to be an upstanding corporate citizen within the real estate community. We take pride in our work culture and strive to create an environment where our employees feel valued and are compensated fairly. Our reputation for acting with integrity, discipline and transparency is essential to the successful execution of our business goals. Key areas of focus for the Company include: 
 Diversity and Equality:

 Equal employment opportunity has been, and will continue to be, a fundamental principle of our business success, where employment is based upon personal capabilities and qualifications without discrimination. 
 Employee Development:

 We recognize that having an engaging and rewarding work environment allows us to attract and retain the highest caliber personnel. We also encourage professional growth, which is why we invest in employee development and ensure that onboarding and ongoing training are pillars of our workplace. We achieve this through ongoing training and continuing education opportunities for every employee within the company. In addition, employees are encouraged to further their own unique development through reimbursement for approved courses and training. 
 Safe, active and healthy environment:

 We offer modern, open and amenitized office space to our employees, which creates a positive and collaborative work environment. To promote health and wellness within our offices, we provide an annual employee fitness allowance, which allows all employees to be reimbursed for gym 

7 

Table of Contents 
 memberships, sports lessons or similar fitness-oriented expenses as well as a variety of other initiatives. To encourage intra-company team building, we hold team events regularly throughout the year and participate in community and charitable events. 

 Fair and Equitable Compensation: 

We offer competitive employment compensation packages that strive to equitably reward employees contributions. We believe that recognizing special employee contributions creates an environment where team members are driven to achieve exceptional performance. 
 Availability of Reports Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission 

A copy of this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
 as well as our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q,
 current reports on Form 8-K
 and any amendments to such reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), are available, free of charge, on our Internet website (www.cioreit.com). All of these reports are made available on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Our Governance Guidelines and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the charters of the Audit, Compensation, Investment, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees of our Board of Directors are also available on our website at www.cioreit.com, and are available in print to any stockholder upon written request to City Office REIT, Inc., c/o Investor Relations, Suite 3210 666 Burrard Street, Vancouver, British Columbia, V6C 2X8. The Company may, from time to time, amend these charters and policies, and such amended charters and policies will be posted on the Company s website. Our telephone number is +1 (604) 806-3366.
 The information on or accessible through our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this report or incorporated into any other filing we make with the SEC. 

8 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

SUMMARY 

Risks Related to Our Business and Our Properties 

There are inherent risks associated with real estate investments and with the real estate industry, each of which could have an adverse impact on our financial performance and the value of our properties. 

Significant competition may decrease or prevent increases in our properties occupancy and rental rates and may reduce our investment opportunities. 

We may be unable to renew expiring leases or re-lease
 vacant space on a timely basis or on attractive terms. 

We are dependent on our key personnel and the loss of such key personnel could materially adversely affect our business. 

A decrease in demand for office space in our markets may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Failure by any major tenant to make rental payments to us, because of a deterioration of its financial condition, a termination of its lease, a non-renewal
 of its lease or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect our results of operations. 

The COVID-19
 pandemic has caused severe disruptions in the United States and global economies, including disruptions in the financial and labor markets, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity and performance and that of our tenants. 

We may be unable to secure funds for future tenant or other capital improvements or payment of leasing commissions. 

We may be required to make rent or other concessions and significant capital expenditures to improve our properties in order to retain and attract tenants. 

We depend on external sources of capital that are outside of our control, which may affect our ability to seize strategic opportunities, satisfy our debt obligations and make distributions to our stockholders. 

We have a substantial amount of indebtedness outstanding which may affect our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders, may expose us to interest rate fluctuation risk and may expose us to the risk of default under our debt obligations. 

Lenders may require us to enter into restrictive covenants relating to our operations, which could limit our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 

The impact of the Russian invasion of Ukraine on the global economy is uncertain. 

Failure of the U.S. federal government to manage its fiscal matters or to raise or further suspend the debt ceiling, and changes in the amount of federal debt, may negatively impact the economic environment and adversely impact our results of operations. 

We may engage in hedging transactions, which can limit our gains and increase exposure to losses. 

Economic conditions may adversely affect the real estate market and our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 

Inflation and price volatility in the global economy could negatively impact our tenants and our results of operations. 

Our joint venture investments could be adversely affected by the capital markets, our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on joint venture partners financial condition and any disputes that may arise between us and our joint venture partners. 

9 

Table of Contents 

We could incur significant costs related to government regulation and private litigation over environmental matters involving the presence, discharge or threat of discharge of hazardous or toxic substances. 

Existing conditions at some of our properties may expose us to liability related to environmental matters. 

Our properties may contain asbestos or develop harmful mold, which could lead to liability for adverse health effects and costs of remediating the problem. 

Potential losses, including from adverse weather conditions, natural disasters and title claims, may not be covered by insurance. 

We may be limited in our ability to diversify our investments making us more vulnerable economically than if our investments were diversified. 

Illiquidity of real estate investments could significantly impede our ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of our properties and harm our financial condition. 

If we sell properties by providing financing to purchasers, we will bear the risk of default by the purchaser. 

We may be unable to collect balances due on our leases from any tenants in bankruptcy. 

We may face additional risks and costs associated with owning properties occupied by government tenants. 

Some of the leases at our properties contain early termination provisions which, if triggered, may allow tenants to terminate their leases without further payment to us. 

The federal government s green lease policies may adversely affect us. 

We may be unable to complete acquisitions and, even if acquisitions are completed, we may fail to successfully operate acquired properties. 

Acquired properties may be located in new markets where we may face risks associated with investing in an unfamiliar market. 

Adverse market and economic conditions could cause us to recognize impairment charges or otherwise impact our performance. 

Our property taxes could increase due to property tax rate changes or reassessment, which may adversely impact our cash flows. 

Our commitments to Second City Real Estate II Corporation Second City ), Clarity Real Estate III GP, Limited Partnership Clarity RE ), Clarity Real Estate Ventures GP, Limited Partnership (together with Clarity RE, Clarity ), and their respective affiliates may give rise to various conflicts of interest. 

Risks Related to Our Status as a REIT 

Our failure to maintain our qualification as a REIT would result in significant adverse tax consequences to us and would adversely affect our business and the value of our stock. 

To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we may be forced to borrow funds during unfavorable market conditions to make distributions to our stockholders. 

Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends. 

The tax imposed on REITs engaging in prohibited transactions may limit our ability to engage in transactions which would be treated as sales for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

We may face risks in connection with like-kind exchanges pursuant to section 1031 of the Code Section 1031 Exchanges ). 

To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we may be forced to forego otherwise attractive opportunities. 

10 

Table of Contents 

We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes that could increase our tax liability, reduce our operating flexibility and reduce the market price of our shares of capital stock. 

Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure 

Conflicts of interest exist or could arise in the future between the interests of our stockholders and the interests of holders of units in City Office REIT Operating Partnership, L.P. (our Operating Partnership ), which may impede business decisions that could benefit our stockholders. 

The consideration that we pay for the properties and assets we own may exceed their aggregate fair market value. 

We are a holding company with no direct operations and, as such, we rely on funds received from our Operating Partnership to pay liabilities, and the interests of our stockholders are structurally subordinated to all liabilities and obligations of our Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries. 

We may have assumed unknown liabilities in connection with our acquisition of properties and any properties we may acquire in the future may expose us to unknown liabilities. 

Our charter, our amended and restated bylaws and Maryland law contain provisions that may delay, defer or prevent a change of control transaction and may prevent our stockholders from receiving a premium for their shares. 

The ability of our board of directors to revoke our REIT status without stockholder approval may cause adverse consequences to our stockholders. 

Our board of directors may amend our investing and financing guidelines without stockholder approval, and, accordingly, you would have limited control over changes in our policies that could increase the risk that we default under our debt obligations. 

Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to take action against our directors and officers are limited. 

General Risk Factors 

We may incur significant costs complying with various federal, state and local laws, regulations and covenants that are applicable to our properties. 

Climate change may adversely affect our business. 

Litigation may result in unfavorable outcomes. 

Our business could be adversely impacted if there are deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting. 

Our business and operations would suffer in the event of system failures. 

We face risks associated with security breaches through cyber-attacks, cyber intrusions or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of our information technology IT networks and related systems. 

The following risk factors may adversely affect our overall business,

 financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows; our ability to make distributions to our stockholders; our access to capital; or the market price of our common stock or preferred stock, as further described in each risk factor below. In addition to the information set forth herein, one should carefully review and consider the information contained in our other reports and filings that we make with the SEC from time to time. The risks that we describe in our public filings are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or are out of our control, or that we currently consider immaterial, also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Additional information regarding forward-looking statements is included herein. 

11 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Our Properties 

There are inherent risks associated with real estate investments and with the real estate industry, each of which could have an adverse impact on our financial performance and the value of our properties. 

Real estate investments are subject to various risks and fluctuations and cycles in value and demand, many of which are beyond our control. Our financial performance and the value of our properties can be affected by many of these factors, including the following: 

adverse changes in financial conditions of buyers, sellers and tenants of our properties, including bankruptcies, financial difficulties or lease defaults by our tenants; 

the national, regional and local economy, which may be negatively impacted by concerns about inflation, government deficits or government budgets, unemployment rates, decreased consumer confidence, industry slowdowns, reduced corporate profits, liquidity concerns in our markets and other adverse business concerns; 

local real estate conditions, such as an oversupply of, or a reduction in, demand for office space and the availability and creditworthiness of current and prospective tenants; 

vacancies or ability to rent space on favorable terms, including possible market pressures to offer tenants rent abatements, tenant improvements, early termination rights or below-market renewal options; 

changes in operating costs and expenses, including, without limitation, increasing labor and material costs, insurance costs, energy prices, water and sewer costs, environmental restrictions, real estate taxes and costs of compliance with laws, regulations and government policies, which we may be restricted from passing on to our tenants; 

fluctuations in interest rates, which could adversely affect our ability, or the ability of buyers and tenants of our properties, to obtain financing on favorable terms or at all, or impact the market price of our properties we own or target for investment; 

competition from other real estate investors with significant capital, including other real estate operating companies, other publicly traded REITs and institutional investment funds; 

inability to refinance our indebtedness or secure financing on terms favorable to us, which could result in a default on our obligation and trigger cross default provisions that could result in a default on other indebtedness; 

the convenience and quality of competing office properties; 

inability to collect rent from tenants; 

our ability to secure adequate insurance; 

our ability to secure adequate management services and to maintain our properties; 

changes in, and changes in enforcement of, laws, regulations and governmental policies, including, without limitation, health, safety, environmental, zoning, immigration and tax laws, government fiscal, monetary and trade policies and the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (the ADA and 

civil unrest, acts of war, cyber-attacks, terrorist attacks and natural disasters, including earthquakes, wind damage and floods, which may result in uninsured and underinsured losses. 

In addition, because the yields available from equity investments in real estate depend in large part on the amount of rental income earned, as well as property operating expenses and other costs incurred, a period of economic slowdown or recession, or declining demand for real estate, or the public perception that any of these events may occur, could result in a general decline in rents or an increased incidence of defaults among our 

12 

Table of Contents 
 existing leases, and, consequently, our properties, including any held by joint ventures, may fail to generate revenues sufficient to meet operating, debt service and other expenses. As a result, we may have to borrow amounts to cover fixed costs, and our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, per share market price of our common stock or preferred stock, and ability to satisfy our principal and interest obligations and to make distributions to our stockholders may be adversely affected. 

 Significant competition may decrease or prevent increases in our properties occupancy and rental rates and may reduce our investment opportunities. 

We compete with numerous owners, operators, and developers of office properties, many of which own properties similar to ours in the same submarkets in which our properties are located. Furthermore, undeveloped land in many of the markets in which we operate is generally more readily available and less expensive than in gateway markets, which are commonly defined as New York, Los Angeles, Washington, D.C., Boston, Chicago, and San Francisco. If our competitors offer space from existing or new buildings at rental rates below current market rates, or below the rental rates that we currently charge our tenants, we may lose existing or potential tenants and we may be pressured to reduce our rental rates below those that we currently charge or to offer more substantial rent abatements, tenant improvements, early termination rights or below-market renewal options in order to retain or attract tenants when our tenants leases expire. Our competitors may have substantially greater financial resources than we do and may be able to accept more risk than we can prudently manage. In the future, competition from these entities may reduce the number of suitable investment opportunities offered to us or increase the bargaining power of property owners seeking to sell. As a result, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and market price of our common stock or preferred stock could be adversely affected. 

 We may be unable to renew expiring leases or re-lease
 vacant space on a timely basis or on attractive terms, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flow. 

 At December 31, 2022, approximately 14.9 , 9.3 and 8.5 of our annualized base rent is scheduled to expire in 2023, 2024, and 2025, respectively, excluding month-to-month

 leases. Current tenants may not renew their leases upon the expiration of their terms and may attempt to terminate their leases prior to the expiration of their current terms. This risk has been increased by tenants working from home during the pandemic which has resulted in certain tenants re-evaluating
 the size and/or lay-out
 of their existing leased premises. If non-renewals
 or terminations occur, we may not be able to locate qualified replacement tenants and, as a result, we could lose a significant source of revenue while remaining responsible for the payment of our financial obligations. Moreover, the terms of a renewal or new lease, including the amount of rent, may be less favorable to us than the current lease terms, or we may be forced to provide tenant improvements at our expense or provide other concessions or additional services to maintain or attract tenants. Any of these factors could cause a decline in lease revenue or an increase in operating expenses, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, or the market price of our common stock or preferred stock. 
 We are dependent on our key personnel and the loss of such key personnel could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 

We are dependent on the efforts of our key officers and employees, including James Farrar, our Chief Executive Officer, Gregory Tylee, our President and Chief Operating Officer, and Anthony Maretic, our Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer. The loss of Mr. Farrar s, Mr. Tylee s and/or Mr. Maretic s services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. Although we have employment agreements with them, we cannot assure you they will remain employed with us. 

13 

Table of Contents 
 A decrease in demand for office space in our markets may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our portfolio of properties consists of office properties and because we seek to acquire similar properties, a decrease in the demand for office space may have a greater adverse effect on our business and financial condition than if we owned a more diversified real estate portfolio. If parts of our properties are leased within a particular sector, a significant downturn in that sector in which the tenants businesses operate would adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, where a government agency is a tenant, which is the case for a number of our properties, austerity measures, the inability of the federal, state, or local government to approve a budget, and governmental deficit reduction programs may lead government agencies to stop paying rent, consolidate and reduce their office space, terminate their lease or decrease their workforce, which may reduce demand for office space in the government sector. In addition, the ongoing COVID-19
 pandemic has resulted in lower than normal utilization levels for our properties and it is uncertain how utilization levels will be impacted as the pandemic continues and after the pandemic ends. In the event that our tenants implement full or partial work from home or other remote work policies after the pandemic ends, the overall demand for office space in the markets in which we own properties or seek to acquire properties may be materially adversely affected, which may impact our leasing activity and ability to enter into leases favorable to the Company and result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow and market price of our common stock or preferred stock. 
 Failure by any major tenant to make rental payments to us, because of a deterioration of its financial condition, a termination of its lease, a non-renewal
 of its lease or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 25.7 of the base rental revenue of our properties was derived from our ten largest tenants. At any time, our tenants may experience a downturn in their businesses that may significantly weaken their financial condition, whether as a result of general economic conditions, changes in the severity or duration of the COVID-19
 pandemic or otherwise. As a result, our tenants may fail to make rental payments when due, delay lease commencements, decline to extend or renew leases upon expiration or declare bankruptcy or be subject to involuntary insolvency proceedings. Any of these actions could result in the termination of the tenants leases or the failure to renew a lease and the loss of rental income attributable to the terminated leases. The occurrence of any of the situations described above could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, or the market price of our common stock or preferred stock. 
 The COVID-19
 pandemic has caused severe disruptions in the United States and global economies, including disruptions in the financial and labor markets, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity and performance and that of our tenants. 

 There remains uncertainty regarding the duration and breadth of the COVID-19
 pandemic. The outbreak of COVID-19
 in many countries, including the United States, has contributed to significant volatility in economic activity and financial markets. The degree to which the COVID-19
 pandemic will continue to adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operation, cash flows, liquidity and performance, and that of our tenants, will be driven primarily by the emergence of additional variants, the effectiveness, availability and distribution of vaccines, including their efficacy against new variant strains and the willingness of individuals to be vaccinated, the severity and duration of indirect economic and social impacts such as recession, supply chain disruptions, labor market disruptions, inflation, dislocation and volatility in capital markets, job losses, potential longer-term changes in consumer and tenant behavior, as well as current and possible future governmental responses. These uncertainties make it impossible for us to predict with certainty the overall impact that COVID-19
 will have on us and our tenants prospectively. Factors related to COVID-19
 that have had, or could have, a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, include: 

a decrease in the usage of our properties or the demand for office space as a result of our tenants implementation of full or partial work from home or other remote work policies during or after the 

14 

Table of Contents 

pandemic ends, or the Company s ability to maintain or increase rents, which may have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow than if we owned a more diversified real estate portfolio; 

difficulty accessing sources of capital on attractive terms, or at all, impacts to our credit ratings, and a severe disruption and instability in the global financial markets or deteriorations in credit and financing conditions may affect our access to debt or equity capital necessary to fund future capital needs (including redevelopment, acquisition, expansion and renovation activities, payments of principal and interest on and the refinancing of our existing debt, tenant improvements and leasing costs, and our operations) or refinancings on a timely basis and our tenants ability to fund their business operations and meet their obligations to us; 

a reduction in economic activity that severely impacts our tenants businesses, financial condition, liquidity and creditworthiness, which may cause one or more of our tenants to be unable to meet their obligations to us in full, or at all, seek modifications of such obligations or exercise early termination rights; 

the financial impact of the COVID-19
 pandemic could negatively impact our future compliance with financial covenants of our unsecured credit facility Unsecured Credit Facility ), including the Company s five-year 50 million term loan thereunder (the Term Loan ), and other debt agreements, including mortgage debt, and result in a default and potentially an acceleration of indebtedness, which non-compliance
 could negatively impact our ability to make additional borrowings and pay dividends on our common stock or preferred stock, or foreclosure on one or more our properties secured by mortgage debt; 

any impairment in value of our tangible or intangible assets which could be recorded as a result of weaker economic conditions; 

a general decline in business activity and demand for real estate transactions could adversely affect our ability or desire to grow our portfolio of properties due to a lack of suitable acquisition opportunities; and 

a general decline in the attractiveness of our properties due to changes in the demand for office space, which may adversely impact our ability to consummate pending or future dispositions on terms that allow us to recover expected carrying values of a real estate investment. 

The extent to which the COVID-19
 pandemic impacts our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow, and those of our tenants, will depend on future developments, which continue to be highly uncertain and are not reasonably estimable, including the scope, severity and duration of the pandemic, the actions taken to contain the pandemic or mitigate its impact, and the direct and indirect economic effects of the pandemic and containment measures, among others. In addition, non-payment
 of rent or early lease terminations by our tenants could reduce our cash flows, which could impact our ability to pay dividends to the holders of our common stock or preferred stock. 
 We may be unable to secure funds for future tenant or other capital improvements or payment of leasing commissions, which could limit our ability to attract or replace tenants and adversely impact our ability to make cash distributions to our stockholders. 

When tenants do not renew their leases or otherwise vacate their space, it is common that, in order to attract replacement tenants, we will be required to expend funds for tenant improvements, payment of leasing commissions and other concessions related to the vacated space. Such tenant improvements may require us to incur substantial capital expenditures. We may not be able to fund capital expenditures solely from cash provided from our operating activities because we must distribute at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains, each year to qualify as a REIT. As a result, our ability to fund tenant and other capital improvements or payment of leasing commissions 

15 

Table of Contents 

 through retained earnings may be limited. If we have insufficient capital reserves, we will have to obtain financing from other sources. We may also have future financing needs for other capital improvements to refurbish or renovate our properties. If we are unable to secure financing on terms that we believe are acceptable or at all, we may be unable to make tenant and other capital improvements or payment of leasing commissions or we may be required to defer such improvements. If this happens, it may cause one or more of our properties to suffer from a greater risk of obsolescence or a decline in value, as a result of fewer potential tenants being attracted to the property or existing tenants not renewing their leases. If we do not have access to sufficient funding in the future, we may not be able to make necessary capital improvements to our properties, pay leasing commissions or other expenses or pay distributions to our stockholders. 

 We may be required to make rent or other concessions and significant capital expenditures to improve our properties in order to retain and attract tenants, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 

In order to retain existing tenants and attract new tenants, we may be required to offer more substantial rent abatements, tenant improvements and early termination rights, provide options to purchase our properties within the lease term or accommodate requests for renovations, build-to-suit

 remodeling and other improvements or provide additional services to our tenants. As a result, we may have to make significant capital or other expenditures in order to retain tenants whose leases expire and to attract new tenants in sufficient numbers, which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flow. Additionally, if we need to raise capital to make such expenditures and are unable to do so, or such capital is otherwise unavailable, we may be unable to make the required expenditures. This could result in non-renewals
 by tenants upon expiration of their leases, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, or the market price of our common stock or preferred stock. 
 We depend on external sources of capital that are outside of our control, which may affect our ability to seize strategic opportunities, satisfy our debt obligations and make distributions to our stockholders. 

In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we are generally required under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code to annually distribute at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding any net capital gain. In addition, as a REIT, we will be subject to income tax at regular corporate rates to the extent that we distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income, including any net capital gains. Because of these distribution requirements, we may not be able to fund future capital needs (including redevelopment, acquisition, expansion and renovation activities, payments of principal and interest on and the refinancing of our existing debt, tenant improvements and leasing costs), from operating cash flow. Consequently, we may rely on third-party sources to fund our capital needs. We may not be able to obtain the necessary financing on favorable terms, in the time period that we desire or at all. Any additional debt we incur will increase our leverage, expose us to the risk of default and may impose operating restrictions on us, and any additional equity we raise could be dilutive to existing stockholders. Our access to third-party sources of capital depends, in part, on: 

general market conditions and interest rates; 

the market s view of the quality of our assets and our leasing activity; 

the market s perception of our growth potential; 

our current debt levels; 

our current and expected future earnings; 

our cash flow and cash distributions; and 

the market price of securities we may issue from time to time. 

16 

Table of Contents 
 If we cannot obtain capital from third-party sources, we may not be able to acquire or develop properties when strategic opportunities exist, satisfy our principal and interest obligations or make the cash distributions to our stockholders necessary to maintain our qualification as a REIT. 

 Covenants in the Credit Agreement governing our Unsecured Credit Facility may cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT. 

In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we are generally required under the Code to distribute annually at least 90 of our net taxable income, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding any net capital gain. In addition, we will be subject to income tax at regular corporate rates to the extent that we distribute less than 100 of our net taxable income, including any net capital gains. Under the credit agreement governing our Unsecured Credit Facility (the Credit Agreement ), we are subject to various financial covenants that may inhibit our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. If we are unable to make distributions to our stockholders, we will not be able to make sufficient distributions to maintain our REIT status. 

 We have a substantial amount of indebtedness outstanding which may affect our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders, may expose us to interest rate fluctuation risk and may expose us to the risk of default under our debt obligations. 

Our total consolidated principal indebtedness, as of December 31, 2022, was approximately 693.8 million. We do not anticipate that our internally generated cash flows will be adequate to repay our existing indebtedness upon maturity, and, therefore, we expect to repay our indebtedness through refinancings and future offerings of equity and debt securities, either of which we may be unable to secure on favorable terms or at all. Our substantial outstanding indebtedness, and the limitations imposed on us by our debt agreements, could have other significant adverse consequences, including the following: 

our cash flow may be insufficient to meet our required principal and interest payments; 

we may be unable to borrow additional funds as needed or on favorable terms, which could, among other things, adversely affect our ability to capitalize upon emerging acquisition opportunities or meet operational needs; 

we may be unable to refinance our indebtedness at maturity or the refinancing terms may be less favorable than the terms of our original indebtedness; 

we may be forced to dispose of one or more of our properties, possibly on disadvantageous terms, or terminate pending acquisitions that may require us to forfeit amounts paid into escrow or pay termination fees; 

we may be forced to enter into financing arrangements with particularly burdensome collateral requirements or restrictive covenants; 

we may violate restrictive covenants in our loan documents, which would entitle the lenders to accelerate our debt obligations or require us to retain cash for reserves; 

we may be unable to hedge floating rate debt, counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under our hedge agreements and these agreements may not effectively hedge interest rate fluctuation risk; 

we may default on our obligations and the lenders or mortgagees may foreclose on our properties that secure their loans; 

our default under any of our indebtedness with cross default provisions could result in a default on other indebtedness; and 

cross default provisions on properties with minority parties could trigger indemnity obligations. 

17 

Table of Contents 
 If any one of these events were to occur, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, or the market price of our common stock or preferred stock and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay distributions to you could be adversely affected. In addition, any foreclosure on our properties could create taxable income without accompanying cash proceeds, which could adversely affect our ability to meet the distribution requirements necessary to maintain our qualification as a REIT. 

 We could become highly leveraged in the future because our organizational documents contain no limitations on the amount of debt that we may incur. 

As of December 31, 2022, our principal indebtedness represented approximately 44.1 of our total assets. However, our organizational documents contain no limitations on the amount of indebtedness that we or our Operating Partnership may incur. We could alter the balance between our total outstanding indebtedness and the value of our properties at any time. If we become more highly leveraged, the resulting increase in outstanding debt could adversely affect our ability to make debt service payments, to pay our anticipated distributions and to make the distributions required to maintain our qualification as a REIT. The occurrence of any of the foregoing risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common stock or preferred stock. 

 Lenders may require us to enter into restrictive covenants relating to our operations, which could limit our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 

In providing financing to us, a lender may impose restrictions on us that would affect our ability to incur additional debt, make certain investments, reduce liquidity below certain levels, make distributions to our stockholders and otherwise affect our distribution and operating policies. In general, we expect that our loan agreements will restrict our ability to encumber or otherwise transfer our interest in the respective property without the prior consent of the lender. Such loan documents may contain other negative covenants that may limit our ability to discontinue insurance coverage or impose other limitations. Any such restriction or limitation may limit our ability to make distributions to you. Further, such restrictions could make it difficult for us to satisfy the requirements necessary to maintain our qualification as a REIT. 

 During the second half of 2022, the lenders for two of our mortgage borrowings have elected their right to escrow property level cash flow for the purpose of meeting future payment, tenant improvement and capital obligations. It is possible that we could fail certain financial covenants within certain property-level mortgage borrowings or under our Credit Agreement . For mortgages with financial covenants, the lenders remedy of a covenant failure would be a requirement to escrow funds for the purpose of meeting our future debt payment obligations. 

 The impact of the Russian invasion of Ukraine on the global economy is uncertain, but may prove to negatively impact our business and operations. 

While the Company does not have any material business, operations or assets in Russia, Belarus or Ukraine, and has not been materially impacted by the actions of the Russian government at this time, the short and long-term implications of Russia s invasion of Ukraine are difficult to predict. We continue to monitor any adverse impact that the outbreak of war in Ukraine and the subsequent institution of sanctions against Russia by the United States and several European and Asian countries may have on the global economy in general, on our business and operations and on the businesses and operations of our suppliers and customers. To the extent the war in Ukraine may adversely affect our business, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those relating to information technology and market conditions, any of which could negatively affect our business and financial condition. 

18 

Table of Contents 
 Failure of the U.S. federal government to manage its fiscal matters or to raise or further suspend the debt ceiling, and changes in the amount of federal debt, may negatively impact the economic environment and adversely impact our results of operations. 

The U.S. federal government has established a limit on the level of federal debt that the U.S. federal government can have outstanding, often referred to as the debt ceiling. The U.S. Congress has authority to raise or suspend the debt ceiling and to approve the funding of U.S. federal government operations within the debt ceiling, and has done both frequently in the past, often on a relatively short-term basis. On January 19, 2023, the U.S. reached its borrowing limit and currently faces risk of defaulting on its debt. Generally, if effective legislation to manage the level of federal debt is not enacted and the debt ceiling is reached in any given year, the federal government may suspend its investments for certain government accounts, among other available options, in order to prioritize payments on its obligations. It is anticipated that the U.S. federal government will be able to fund its operations through approximately mid-2023.
 However, contention among policymakers, among other factors, may hinder the enactment of policies to further increase the borrowing limit or address its debt balance timely. A failure by the U.S. Congress to raise the debt limit would increase the risk of default by the U.S. on its obligations, the risk of a lowering of the U.S. federal government s credit rating, and the risk of other economic dislocations. Such a failure, or the perceived risk of such a failure, could consequently have a material adverse effect on the financial markets and economic conditions in the U.S. and globally. If economic conditions severely deteriorate as a result of U.S. federal government fiscal gridlock, our operations, or those of our tenants, could be affected, which may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. These risks may also impact our overall liquidity, our borrowing costs, or the market price of our common stock. 
 We may engage in hedging transactions, which can limit our gains and increase exposure to losses. 

Subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT, we may enter into hedging transactions to protect us from the effects of interest rate fluctuations on floating rate debt. Our hedging transactions may include entering into interest rate swap agreements or interest rate cap or floor agreements, or other interest rate exchange contracts. Hedging activities may not have the desired beneficial impact on our results of operations or financial condition. No hedging activity can completely insulate us from the risks associated with changes in interest rates. Moreover, interest rate hedging could fail to protect us or adversely affect us because, among other things: 

available interest rate hedging may not correspond directly with the interest rate risk for which we seek protection; 

the duration of the hedge may not match the duration of the related liability; 

the party owing money in the hedging transaction may default on its obligation to pay; 

the credit quality of the party owing money on the hedge may be downgraded to such an extent that it impairs our ability to sell or assign our side of the hedging transaction; and 

the value of derivatives used for hedging may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with accounting rules to reflect changes in fair value, such as downward adjustments, or mark-to-market

 losses, which would reduce our stockholders equity. 
 
 Hedging involves risk and typically involves costs, including transaction costs, that may reduce our overall returns on our investments. These costs increase as the period covered by the hedging increases and during periods of rising and volatile interest rates. These costs will also limit the amount of cash available for distribution to stockholders. We generally intend to hedge as much of the interest rate risk as we determine is in our best interests given the cost of such hedging transactions. The REIT tax rules may limit our ability to enter into hedging transactions by requiring us to limit our income from non-qualifying
 hedges. If we are unable to hedge effectively because of the REIT tax rules, we will face greater interest rate exposure than may be commercially prudent. 
 In September 2019, in connection with the increase in authorized borrowings under our Unsecured Credit Facility from 250 million to 300 million, we entered into a five-year interest rate swap for a notional amount of 

19 

Table of Contents 
 50 million (the Interest Rate Swap ). Pursuant to the Interest Rate Swap, the Company will pay a fixed rate of approximately 1.27 of the notional amount annually, payable monthly, and receive floating rate 30-day
 the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR payments. We have been incorporating LIBOR transition language in our existing floating rate instruments, including the Interest Rate Swap, when they are extended or refinanced. 
 The Interest Rate Swap has been designated and qualifies as a cash flow hedge and has been recognized on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. Gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges are reported as a component of other comprehensive (loss) income and reclassified into earnings in the periods during which the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. 

 As of December 31, 2022, the Interest Rate Swap was reported as an asset at its fair value of approximately 2.7 million, which is included in other assets on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the amount of net realized gains reclassified to interest expense due to payments received from the swap counterparty was 0.2 million. Accordingly, the fair value of the Interest Rate Swap has been classified as a Level 2 fair value measurement. See Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
 
 Changes in the method pursuant to which reference rates are determined and phasing out of LIBOR after 2022 may affect our financial results. 

On March 5, 2021, the chief executive of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), which regulates LIBOR, announced that all LIBOR tenors relevant to us will cease to be published or will no longer be representative after June 30, 2023. The FCA s announcement coincided with the March 5, 2021 announcement of LIBOR s administrator, the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited IBA ), indicating that, as a result of not having access to input data necessary to calculate LIBOR tenors relevant to us on a representative basis after June 30, 2023, IBA would have to cease publication of such LIBOR tenors immediately after the last publication on June 30, 2023. These announcements mean that any of our LIBOR-based borrowings and assets that mature beyond June 30, 2023 need to be converted to alternative interest rates. In addition, based on guidance from U.S. banking regulators, U.S. financial institutions are not expected to enter into new U.S. Dollar LIBOR USD-LIBOR contracts after December 31, 2021, which means that any of our new borrowings thereafter will be done at alternative rates. Furthermore, in the United States, efforts to identify a set of alternative U.S. dollar reference interest rates include proposals by the Alternative Reference Rates Committee of the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The U.S. Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee ARRC ), a steering committee comprised of large U.S. financial institutions, is considering replacing U.S. dollar LIBOR with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities. There are significant differences between LIBOR and SOFR, such as LIBOR being an unsecured lending rate while SOFR is a secured lending rate, and SOFR is an overnight rate while LIBOR reflects term rates at different maturities. We currently have contracts that are indexed to LIBOR and expect that all LIBOR settings relevant to us will cease to be published or will no longer be representative after June 30, 2023. As a result, we expect to amend our LIBOR-based borrowings to reflect SOFR beginning in the first quarter of 2023. The differences between LIBOR and SOFR, plus the recommended spread adjustment, could result in interest costs that are higher than if LIBOR remained available, which could have a material adverse effect on our results. Although SOFR is the ARRC s recommended replacement rate, it is also possible that lenders may instead choose alternative replacement rates that may differ from LIBOR in ways similar to SOFR or in other ways that would result in higher borrowing costs for us. It is not yet possible to predict the magnitude of LIBOR s end on our borrowing costs given the uncertainty about which rates will replace LIBOR and the timing of actual replacement. 

 U.S. regulators and the ARRC have recommended that all LIBOR-based instruments include robust fallback language dictating what rate will apply when LIBOR ends. The fallbacks recommended by the ARRC are different for various non-derivative
 instruments, and not all USD-LIBOR-based
 instruments will incorporate the 

20 

Table of Contents 

 recommended fallbacks. The International Swaps and Derivatives Association ISDA has implemented fallback language and a protocol that will ensure USD-LIBOR-based
 derivatives amongst protocol participants fallback to compounded SOFR. We have opted into the ISDA 2020 IBOR Fallbacks protocol. However, the variations in fallback language in different financial instruments and the adoption of different replacement rates or methodologies in such fallback language could result in unexpected differences between our USD-LIBOR-based
 assets and our USD-LIBOR-based
 interest rate hedges. In addition, we may incur costs amending instruments not covered by the ISDA protocol or by clearinghouse rulebooks to implement fallbacks recommended by the ARRC. We may also decide not to amend, in which case we may bear the cost and risk of litigation. Some instruments, particularly consumer-facing adjustable-rate mortgages, are impractical to amend. With respect to those instruments, we may bear the cost and risk of litigation. Our lenders may be less willing to extend credit secured by assets that do not include robust fallbacks. 
 It is expected that switching existing financial instruments and hedging transactions from LIBOR to SOFR or other replacement rates will include a spread adjustment. ISDA has described the spread calculation methodology that will apply to derivatives that adopt the ISDA recommendations for derivatives, and the ARRC has recommended the same methodology for all non-consumer
 financial instruments. The adjustment calculation is intended to minimize value transfer between counterparties, borrowers, and lenders, but there is no assurance that the calculated spread adjustment will be fair and accurate or that it will not result in higher interest costs. 
 Any changes announced by the IBA, FCA, U.S. Federal Reserve, other regulators or any other successor governance or oversight body, or future changes adopted by such body, in the method pursuant to which the reference rates are determined may result in a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in the reported reference rates. If that were to occur, the level of interest payments we incur may change. In addition, although certain of our LIBOR based obligations provide for alternative methods of calculating the interest rate payable on certain of our obligations if LIBOR is not reported, which include requesting certain rates from major reference banks in London or New York, or alternatively using LIBOR for the immediately preceding interest period or using the initial interest rate, as applicable, uncertainty as to the extent and manner of future changes may result in interest rates and/or payments that are higher than, lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the interest rates and/or payments that would have been made on our obligations if LIBOR rate was available in its current form. 

 Economic conditions may adversely affect the real estate market and our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 

Uncertainty over whether the U.S. economy will be adversely affected by inflation or stagflation, volatile energy costs, geopolitical issues, the possibility of any pandemic, including the COVID-19
 pandemic, the availability and cost of credit, future policy and fiscal decisions of the federal government, the mortgage market in the United States and the late-cycle real estate market may contribute to increased market volatility or threaten business and consumer confidence. This uncertain operating environment could adversely affect our ability to generate revenues, thereby reducing our operating income and earnings. 
 In addition, local real estate conditions such as an oversupply of properties or a reduction in demand for properties, competition from other similar properties, our ability to provide or arrange for adequate maintenance, insurance and management and advisory services, increased operating costs (including real estate taxes), the attractiveness, location of the property, changes in market rental rates and region-specific legislation or political initiatives may adversely affect a property s income and value. A rise in energy costs could result in higher operating costs, which may affect our results of operations. In addition, local conditions in the markets in which we own or intend to own properties may significantly affect occupancy or rental rates at such properties. Events that could prevent us from raising or maintaining rents or cause us to reduce rents include layoffs, plant closings, relocations of significant local employers and other events reducing local employment rates, an oversupply of, or a lack of demand for, office space, a decline in household formation, the inability or unwillingness of tenants to pay rent increases, and geopolitical developments having a disproportionate effect on the markets in which we operate. 

21 

Table of Contents 

Inflation and price volatility in the global economy could negatively impact our tenants and our results of operations. 

Inflation in the United States has risen to levels not experienced in recent decades, including rising energy prices, prices for consumer goods, interest rates, wages and currency volatility. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the consumer price index rose by approximately 6.5 compared to the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. These increases and any fiscal or other policy interventions by the U.S. government in reaction to such events could negatively impact our results of operations, and could also negatively impact our tenants businesses. While our leases generally provide for fixed annual rent increases, high levels of inflation could outpace our contractual rent increases. The leases at our properties are either full-service gross or net lease basis. Our full-service gross leases generally have a base year expense stop, whereby we pay a stated amount of expenses as part of the rent payment while future increases (above the base year stop) in property operating expenses are billed to the tenant based on such tenant s proportionate square footage in the property. Additionally, our triple-net
 leases require the lessee to pay all property operating expenses. Therefore, increases in property-level expenses resulting from inflation could have an adverse impact on our lessees if increases in their operating expenses exceed increases in their revenue, which may adversely affect our lessees ability to pay rent or other obligations owed to us. An increase in our lessees expenses and a failure of their revenues to increase at least with inflation could adversely affect our lessees and our financial condition and our results of operations. 
 Our joint venture investments could be adversely affected by the capital markets, our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on joint venture partners financial condition and any disputes that may arise between us and our joint venture partners. 

We have in the past co-invested,
 and may in the future co-invest,
 with third parties through partnerships, joint ventures or other structures, acquiring non-controlling
 interests in, or sharing responsibility for managing the affairs of, a property, partnership, co-tenancy
 or other entity. Investments in joint ventures may, under certain circumstances, involve risks not present when a third party is not involved, including potential deadlocks in making major decisions, restrictions on our ability to exit the joint venture, triggering of forced sale or buy-out
 mechanisms, reliance on our joint venture partners and the possibility that joint venture partners might become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions, thus exposing us to liabilities in excess of our share of the investment or take action that could jeopardize our REIT status. The funding of our capital contributions may be dependent on proceeds from asset sales, credit facility advances and/or sales of equity securities. Joint venture partners may have business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our business interests or goals and may be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or objectives. We may in specific circumstances be liable for the actions of our joint venture partners. In addition, any disputes that may arise between us and joint venture partners may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses. 
 We could incur significant costs related to government regulation and private litigation over environmental matters involving the presence, discharge or threat of discharge of hazardous or toxic substances, which could adversely affect our operations, the value of our properties and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 

Our properties may be subject to environmental liabilities. Under various federal, state and local laws, a current or previous owner, operator or tenant of real estate can face liability for environmental contamination created by the presence, discharge or threat of discharge of hazardous or toxic substances. Liabilities can include the cost to investigate, clean up and monitor the actual or threatened contamination and damages caused by the contamination or threatened contamination. 

 The liability under such laws may be strict, joint and several, meaning that we may be liable regardless of whether we knew of, or were responsible for, the presence of the contaminants, and the government entity or private party may seek recovery of the entire amount from us even if there are other responsible parties. 

22 

Table of Contents 
 Liabilities associated with environmental conditions may be significant and can sometimes exceed the value of the affected property. The presence of hazardous substances on a property may adversely affect our ability to sell or rent that property or to borrow using that property as collateral. 

 Environmental laws also: 

may require the removal or upgrade of underground storage tanks; 

regulate the discharge of storm water, wastewater and other pollutants; 

regulate air pollutant emissions, including greenhouse gas emissions; 

regulate hazardous materials generation, management and disposal; and 

regulate workplace health and safety. 

Existing conditions at some of our properties may expose us to liability related to environmental matters. 

Independent environmental consultants have conducted Phase I or similar environmental site assessments on all of our properties. Site assessments are intended to discover and evaluate information regarding the environmental condition of the surveyed property and surrounding properties. These assessments do not generally include subsurface investigations or mold or asbestos surveys. None of the recent site assessments revealed any past or present environmental liability that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. However, the assessments may have failed to reveal all environmental conditions, liabilities or compliance concerns. Material environmental conditions, liabilities or compliance concerns may have arisen after the review was completed or may arise in the future; and future laws, ordinances or regulations may impose material additional environmental liability. 

 Costs of future environmental compliance could negatively affect our ability to make distributions to our stockholders, and remedial measures required to address such conditions could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, or the market price of our common stock or preferred stock. 

 Our properties may contain asbestos or develop harmful mold, which could lead to liability for adverse health effects and costs of remediating the problem, which could adversely affect the value of the affected property and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 

We are required by federal regulations with respect to our properties to identify and warn, via signs and labels, of potential hazards posed by workplace exposure to installed asbestos-containing materials ACMs and potential ACMs. We may be subject to an increased risk of personal injury lawsuits by workers and others exposed to ACMs and potential ACMs at our properties as a result of these regulations. The regulations may affect the value of any of our properties containing ACMs and potential ACMs. Federal, state and local laws and regulations also govern the removal, encapsulation, disturbance, handling and disposal of ACMs and potential ACMs when such materials are in poor condition or in the event of construction, remodeling, renovation or demolition of a property. 

 When excessive moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials, mold growth may occur, particularly if the moisture problem remains undiscovered or is not addressed over a period of time. Some molds may produce airborne toxins or irritants. Concern about indoor exposure to mold has been increasing because exposure to mold may cause a variety of adverse health effects and symptoms, including allergic or other reactions. 

 The presence of ACMs or significant mold at any of our properties could require us to undertake a costly remediation program to contain or remove the ACMs or mold from the affected property. In addition, the presence of ACMs or significant mold could expose us to claims of liability to our tenants, their or our employees, and others if property damage or health concerns arise. 

23 

Table of Contents 
 Potential losses, including from adverse weather conditions, natural disasters and title claims, may not be covered by insurance. 

Certain of our properties are located in states where natural disasters such as tornadoes, hurricanes and earthquakes are more common than in other states. Given recent extreme weather events across parts of the United States, including devastating hurricanes in Florida, wildfires and floods in California, and winter storms in Texas, it is also possible that our other properties could incur significant damage due to other natural disasters. While we carry insurance to cover a substantial portion of the cost of such events, such as droughts or flooding, our insurance includes deductible amounts and certain items may not be covered by insurance. Future natural disasters may significantly affect our operations and properties and, more specifically, may cause us to experience reduced rental revenue (including from increased vacancy), incur clean-up
 costs or otherwise incur costs in connection with such events. Any of these events may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, or the market price of our common stock or preferred stock. 
 Furthermore, we do not carry insurance for certain losses, including, but not limited to, losses caused by certain environmental conditions, such as mold or asbestos, riots, civil unrest or war. In addition, our title insurance policies may not insure for the current aggregate market value of our portfolio, and we do not intend to increase our title insurance coverage as the market value of our portfolio increases. As a result, we may not have sufficient coverage against all losses that we may experience, including from adverse title claims. 

 If we experience a loss that is uninsured or exceeds policy limits, we could incur significant costs and lose the capital invested in the damaged properties as well as the anticipated future cash flows from those properties. In addition, if the damaged properties are subject to recourse indebtedness, we would continue to be liable for the indebtedness, even if these properties were irreparably damaged. 

 Moreover, we carry several different lines of insurance, placed with several large insurance carriers. If any one of these large insurance carriers were to become insolvent, we would be forced to replace the existing insurance coverage with another suitable carrier and any outstanding claims would be at risk for collection. In such an event, we cannot be certain that we would be able to replace the coverage at similar or otherwise favorable terms. Replacing insurance coverage at unfavorable rates and the potential of uncollectible claims due to carrier insolvency could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, or the market price of our common stock or preferred stock. 

 We may be limited in our ability to diversify our investments making us more vulnerable economically than if our investments were diversified. 

Our ability to diversify our portfolio may be limited both as to the number of investments owned and the geographic regions in which our investments are located. While we seek to diversify our portfolio by geographic location, we focus on our specified target markets that we believe offer the opportunity for attractive returns and, accordingly, our actual investments may result in concentrations in a limited number of geographic regions. As a result, there is an increased likelihood that the performance of any single property, or the economic performance of a particular region in which our properties are located, could materially affect financial condition, results of operation, cash flows, or the market price of our common stock or preferred stock. 

 We may acquire properties with lock-out
 provisions, or agree to such provisions in connection with obtaining financing, which may prohibit us from selling or refinancing a property during the lock-out
 period. 

 We may acquire properties in exchange for common units and agree to restrictions on sales or refinancing, called lock-out 
 provisions, which are intended to preserve favorable tax treatment for the owners of such properties who sell them to us. In addition, we may agree to lock-out
 provisions in connection with obtaining financing for the acquisition of properties. Lock-out
 provisions could materially restrict us from selling, 

24 

Table of Contents 
 otherwise disposing of or refinancing properties. These restrictions could affect our ability to turn our investments into cash and thus affect cash available for distributions to our stockholders. Lock-out
 provisions could impair our ability to take actions during the lock-out
 period that would otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders and, therefore, could adversely impact the market value of our common stock. In particular, lock-out
 provisions could preclude us from participating in major transactions that could result in a disposition of our assets or a change in control even though that disposition or change in control might be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 Illiquidity of real estate investments could significantly impede our ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of our properties and harm our financial condition. 

The real estate investments made, and to be made, by us are relatively difficult to sell quickly. As a result, our ability to promptly sell one or more properties in our portfolio in response to changing economic, financial and investment conditions is limited. Return of capital and realization of gains, if any, from an investment generally will occur upon disposition or refinancing of the underlying property. We may be unable to realize our investment objectives by sale, other disposition or refinancing at attractive prices within any given period of time or may otherwise be unable to complete any exit strategy. In particular, our ability to dispose of one or more properties is subject to weakness in or even the lack of an established market for a property, changes in the financial condition or prospects of prospective purchasers, changes in national or international economic conditions and changes in laws, regulations or fiscal policies of jurisdictions in which the property is located. 

 In addition, the Code imposes restrictions on a REIT s ability to dispose of properties that are not applicable to other types of real estate companies. In particular, the tax laws applicable to REITs effectively require that we hold our properties for investment, rather than primarily for sale in the ordinary course of business, which may cause us to forego or defer sales of properties that otherwise would be in our best interest. Therefore, we may not be able to adjust our portfolio in response to economic or other conditions promptly or on favorable terms, which may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, or the market price of our common stock or preferred stock. 

 If we sell properties by providing financing to purchasers, we will bear the risk of default by the purchaser. 

If we decide to sell any of our properties, we intend to use commercially reasonable efforts to sell them for cash. However, in some instances we may sell our properties by providing financing to purchasers. If we provide financing to purchasers, we will bear the risk of default by the purchasers which would reduce the value of our assets, impair our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and reduce the price of our common stock or preferred stock. 

 We may be unable to collect balances due on our leases from any tenants in bankruptcy, which could adversely affect our cash flow and the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 

The bankruptcy or insolvency of one or more of our tenants may adversely affect the income produced by our properties. We cannot assure you that any tenant that files for bankruptcy protection will continue to pay us rent. If a tenant files for bankruptcy, any or all of the tenant s or a guarantor of a tenant s lease obligations could be subject to a bankruptcy proceeding pursuant to Chapter 11 or Chapter 7 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. Such a bankruptcy filing would impose an automatic stay barring all efforts by us to collect pre-bankruptcy
 rents from these entities or their properties, unless we receive an order from the bankruptcy court lifting the automatic stay to permit us to pursue collections. A tenant or lease guarantor bankruptcy could delay our efforts to collect past due balances under the relevant leases and could ultimately preclude collection of these sums. If a lease is rejected by a tenant in bankruptcy, we would only have a general unsecured claim for damages. This claim could be paid only in the event funds were available and then only in the same percentage as that realized on other unsecured claims. Our claim would be capped at the rent reserved under the lease, without acceleration, for the 

25 

Table of Contents 

 greater of one year or 15 of the remaining term of the lease, but not greater than three years, plus rent already due but unpaid. Therefore, if a lease is rejected, it is possible that we would not receive payment from the tenant or that we would receive substantially less than the full value of any unsecured claims we hold, which would result in a reduction in our rental income, cash flow and the amount of cash available for distribution to the holders of our common stock or preferred stock. 

 We may face additional risks and costs associated with owning properties occupied by government tenants, which could negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, or the market price of our common stock or preferred stock. 

As of December 31, 2022, we owned four properties in which some or all of the tenants are federal government agencies. We may continue to pursue the acquisition of office properties in which substantial space is leased to governmental agencies. As such, lease agreements with these federal government agencies contain certain provisions required by federal law, which require, among other things, that the contractor (which is the lessor or the owner of the property), agree to comply with certain rules and regulations, including, but not limited to, rules and regulations related to anti-kickback procedures, examination of records, audits and records, equal opportunity provisions, prohibition against segregated facilities, certain executive orders, subcontractor cost or pricing data, certain provisions intending to assist small businesses and contractual rights of termination by the tenants. We may be subject to requirements of the Employment Standards Administration s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs and requirements to prepare affirmative action plans pursuant to the applicable executive order may be determined to be applicable to us. 

 In addition, some of our leases with government tenants may be subject to statutory or contractual rights of termination by the tenants, which will allow them to vacate the leased premises before the stated terms of the leases expire with little or no liability. For fiscal policy reasons, security concerns or other reasons, some or all of our government tenants may decide to vacate our properties. If a significant number of such vacancies occur, our rental income may materially decline, our cash flow and results of operations could be adversely affected and our ability to pay regular distributions to you may be jeopardized. 

 Our government tenants are also subject to discretionary funding from the federal government. Federal government programs are subject to annual congressional budget authorization and appropriation processes. For many programs, Congress appropriates funds on a fiscal year basis even though the program performance period may extend over several years. Laws and plans adopted by the federal government relating to, along with pressures on and uncertainty surrounding the federal budget, potential changes in priorities and spending levels, sequestration, the appropriations process, use of continuing resolutions (with restrictions, e.g., on new starts) and the permissible federal debt limit, could adversely affect the funding for our government tenants. The budget environment and uncertainty surrounding the appropriations processes remain significant long-term risks as budget cuts could adversely affect the viability of our government tenants. 

 Some of the leases at our properties contain early termination provisions which, if triggered, may allow tenants to terminate their leases without further payment to us, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and the value of the applicable property. 

Certain tenants have a right to terminate their leases upon payment of a penalty, but others are not required to pay any penalty associated with an early termination. Most of our tenants that are federal or state governmental agencies, which account for approximately 6.0 of the base rental revenue from our properties as of December 31, 2022, may, under certain circumstances, vacate the leased premises before the stated terms of the leases expire with little or no liability to us. There can be no assurance that tenants will continue their activities and continue occupancy of the premises. Any cessation of occupancy by tenants may have an adverse effect on our operations. 

26 

Table of Contents 
 The federal government s green lease policies may adversely affect us. 

In recent years, the federal government has instituted green lease policies which allow a government tenant to require leadership in energy and environmental design for commercial interiors, or LEED 
-CI, certification in selecting new premises or renewing leases at existing premises. In addition, the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 allows the General Services Administration to prefer buildings for lease that have received an Energy Star label. Obtaining such certifications and labels may be costly and time consuming, but our failure to do so may result in our competitive disadvantage in acquiring new or retaining existing government tenants. 

 We may be unable to complete acquisitions and, even if acquisitions are completed, we may fail to successfully operate acquired properties. 

Our business plan includes, among other things, growth through identifying suitable acquisition opportunities, consummating acquisitions and leasing such properties. We will evaluate the market of available properties and may acquire properties when we believe strategic opportunities exist. Our ability to acquire properties on favorable terms and successfully develop or operate them is subject to, among others, the following risks: 

we may be unable to acquire a desired property because of competition from other real estate investors with substantial capital, including from other REITs and institutional investment funds; 

even if we are able to acquire a desired property, competition from other potential acquirers may significantly increase the purchase price; 

even if we enter into agreements for the acquisition of properties, these agreements are subject to customary conditions to closing, including completion of due diligence investigations to our satisfaction; 

we may incur significant costs in connection with evaluation and negotiation of potential acquisitions, including acquisitions that we are subsequently unable to complete; 

we may acquire properties that are not initially accretive to our results upon acquisition, and we may not successfully lease those properties to meet our expectations; 

we may be unable to finance the acquisition on favorable terms in the time period we desire, or at all; 

even if we are able to finance the acquisition, our cash flows may be insufficient to meet our required principal and interest payments; 

we may spend more than budgeted to make necessary improvements or renovations to acquired properties; 

we may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions, particularly the acquisition of portfolios of properties, into our existing operations; 

market conditions may result in higher than expected vacancy rates and lower than expected rental rates; and 

we may acquire properties subject to liabilities and without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, with respect to unknown liabilities for clean-up
 of undisclosed environmental contamination, claims by tenants or other persons dealing with former owners of the properties and claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers and others indemnified by the former owners of the properties. 
 
 Acquired properties may be located in new markets where we may face risks associated with investing in an unfamiliar market. 

We may acquire properties in markets that are new to us. When we acquire properties located in new markets, we may face risks associated with a lack of market knowledge or understanding of the local economy, 

27 

Table of Contents 
 forging new business relationships in the area and unfamiliarity with local government and permitting procedures. We work to mitigate such risks through extensive diligence and research and associations with experienced service providers. However, there can be no guarantee that all such risks will be eliminated. 

 Adverse market and economic conditions could cause us to recognize impairment charges or otherwise impact our performance. 

We intend to review the carrying value of our properties when circumstances, such as adverse market conditions, indicate a potential impairment may exist. We intend to base our review on an estimate of the future cash flows (excluding interest charges) expected to result from the property s use and eventual disposition on an undiscounted basis. We intend to consider factors such as future operating income, trends and prospects, as well as the effects of leasing demand, competition and other factors. If our evaluation indicates that we may be unable to recover the carrying value of a real estate investment, an impairment loss will be recorded to the extent that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of the property. 

 Impairment losses would have a direct impact on our operating results because recording an impairment loss results in an immediate negative adjustment to our operating results. The evaluation of anticipated cash flows is highly subjective and is based in part on assumptions regarding future occupancy, rental rates and capital requirements that could differ materially from actual results in future periods. If the real estate market deteriorates, we may reevaluate the assumptions used in our impairment analysis. Impairment charges could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and ability to pay distributions on, and the per share market price of, our common stock or preferred stock. 

 We may invest in properties with other entities, and our lack of sole decision-making authority or reliance on a joint-venturer s financial condition could make these joint venture investments risky and expose us to losses or impact our ability to maintain our qualification as a REIT. 

We may co-invest
 in the future with third parties through partnerships, joint ventures or other entities. We may acquire non-controlling
 interests or share responsibility for managing the affairs of a property, partnership, joint venture or other entity. In such events, we would not be in a position to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding the property or entity. Investments in entities may, under certain circumstances, involve risks not present were a third party not involved. These risks include the possibility that partners or joint-venturers: 

might become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions; 

may have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our business interests or goals; and 

may be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or objectives or exercise rights to buy or sell at an inopportune time for us. 

Such investments may also have the potential risk of impasses on decisions, such as a sale or refinancing of the property, because neither we nor the partner or joint-venturer would have full control over the partnership or joint venture. Disputes between us and partners or joint-venturers may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses and prevent our officers and directors from focusing their time and effort on our business or result in costs to terminate the relationship. Actions of partners or joint-venturers may cause losses to our investments and adversely affect our ability to maintain our qualification as a REIT. In addition, we may in certain circumstances be liable for the actions of our third-party partners or joint-venturers if: 

we structure a joint venture or conduct business in a manner that is deemed to be a general partnership with a third party; 

third-party managers incur debt or other liabilities on behalf of a joint venture which the joint venture is unable to pay, and the joint venture agreement provides for capital calls, in which case we could be liable to make contributions as set forth in any such joint venture agreement or suffer adverse consequences for a failure to contribute; or 

28 

Table of Contents 

we agree to cross default provisions or to cross-collateralize our properties with the properties in a joint venture, in which case we could face liability if there is a default relating to those properties in the joint venture or the obligations relating to those properties. 

Compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act and similar laws may require us to make significant unanticipated expenditures. 

All of our properties and any future properties that we acquire are and will be required to comply with the ADA. The ADA requires that all public accommodations must meet federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. For those projects receiving federal funds, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (the RA also has requirements regarding disabled access. Although we believe that our properties are substantially in compliance with the present requirements, we may incur unanticipated expenses to comply with the ADA, the RA and other applicable legislation in connection with the ongoing operation or redevelopment of our properties. These and other federal, state and local laws may require modifications to our properties, or affect renovations of our properties. Non-compliance
 with these laws could result in the imposition of fines or an award of damages to private litigants and also could result in an order to correct any non-complying
 feature, which could result in substantial capital expenditures. 
 Our property taxes could increase due to property tax rate changes or reassessment, which may adversely impact our cash flows. 

Even as a REIT, we will be required to pay some state and local taxes on our properties. The real property taxes on our properties may increase as property tax rates change or as our properties are assessed or reassessed by taxing authorities. Therefore, the amount of property taxes that we pay in the future may increase substantially. If the property taxes that we pay increase, our cash flow could be impacted, and our ability to pay expected distributions to our stockholders may be adversely affected. 

 It may be difficult to enforce civil liabilities against members of our board of directors or our executive officers. 

Most of the members of our board of directors and our executive officers reside in Canada and substantially all of the assets of such persons are located in Canada. As a result, it may be difficult for you to effect service of process within the United States or in any other jurisdiction outside of Canada upon these persons or to enforce against them in any jurisdiction outside of Canada judgments predicated upon the laws of any such jurisdiction, including any judgment predicated upon the federal and state securities laws of the United States. 

 Our commitments to Second City Real Estate II Corporation Second City ), Clarity Real Estate III GP, Limited Partnership Clarity RE ), Clarity Real Estate Ventures GP, Limited Partnership (together with Clarity RE, Clarity ), and their respective affiliates may give rise to various conflicts of interest. 

We are subject to conflicts of interest arising out of our relationship with Second City and Clarity. As a result of the internalization of our former external advisor on February 1, 2016, we agreed to allow our management to continue to provide services to Second City under the terms of an administrative services agreement . In addition, the terms of the administrative services agreement and the employment agreements we entered into with each of our executive officers permit, under certain circumstances and subject to the oversight of our Board of Directors, our executive officers to advise or oversee new or additional funds in the future. On July 31, 2019, we, through an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary, entered into a separate administrative services agreement with Clarity to provide administrative services to Clarity similar to those provided to Second City. These arrangements with Second City and Clarity may create potential conflicts of interests, including competition for the time and services of personnel that work for us and our affiliates. 

29 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to Our Status as a REIT 

Our failure to maintain our qualification as a REIT would result in significant adverse tax consequences to us and would adversely affect our business and the value of our stock. 

We have elected and intend to continue to operate in a manner that will allow us to qualify to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2014. Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex tax rules, for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations. The fact that we hold substantially all of our assets through our Operating Partnership further complicates the application of the REIT requirements. Even a seemingly minor technical or inadvertent mistake could jeopardize our REIT status. Our REIT status depends upon various factual matters and circumstances that may not be entirely within our control. For example, in order to qualify as a REIT, at least 95 of our gross income in any year must be derived from qualifying sources, such as rents from real property, and we must satisfy a number of requirements regarding the composition of our assets. Also, we must make distributions to stockholders aggregating annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains. In addition, new legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions, each of which could have retroactive effect, may make it more difficult or impossible for us to maintain our qualification 

as a REIT, or could reduce the desirability of an investment in a REIT relative to other investments. We have not requested and do not plan to request a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS that we qualify as a REIT, and the statements in this annual report are not binding on the IRS or any court. Accordingly, we cannot be certain that we will be successful in maintaining our qualification as a REIT. 
 If we fail to maintain our qualification as a REIT in any taxable year, we will face serious adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences that would substantially reduce the funds available to distribute to you. If we fail to maintain our qualification as a REIT: 

we would not be allowed to deduct distributions to stockholders in computing our taxable income and would be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates; and 

unless we are entitled to relief under applicable statutory provisions, we could not elect to be taxed as a REIT for four taxable years following the year in which we were disqualified. 

In addition, if we fail to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we will not be required to make distributions to stockholders. As a result of all these factors, our failure to maintain our qualification as a REIT could impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital and would adversely affect the value of our capital stock. 

 Even if we qualify as a REIT, we may be subject to some U.S. federal, state and local income, property and excise taxes on our income or property and, in certain cases, a 100 penalty tax, in the event we sell property that we hold primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. In addition, our taxable REIT subsidiaries TRSs are subject to tax as regular corporations in the jurisdictions in which they operate. 

 To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we may be forced to borrow funds during unfavorable market conditions to make distributions to our stockholders. 

To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we generally must distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income each year, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding any net capital gain, and we will be subject to regular corporate income taxes to the extent that we distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income each year. In addition, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which distributions paid by us in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85 of our ordinary income, 95 of our capital gain net income and 100 of our undistributed income from prior years. To maintain our qualification as a REIT and avoid the payment of income and excise taxes, we may need to borrow funds to meet the REIT distribution requirements. These borrowing needs could result from: 

differences in timing between the actual receipt of cash and inclusion of income for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 

30 

Table of Contents 

the effect of nondeductible capital expenditures; 

the creation of reserves; or 

required debt or amortization payments. 

We may need to borrow funds at times when the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable for borrowing. These borrowings could increase our costs or reduce our equity and adversely affect the value of our common stock or preferred stock. 

 Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends. 

The maximum U.S. federal income tax rate applicable to qualified dividend income payable to certain non-corporate
 U.S. stockholders, including individuals, trusts and estates, is 20 . Dividends payable by REITs, however, generally are not eligible for the reduced qualified dividend rates. For taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026, non-corporate
 taxpayers may deduct up to 20 of certain pass-through business income, including qualified REIT dividends (generally, dividends received by a REIT shareholder that are not designated as capital gain dividends or qualified dividend income), subject to certain limitations, resulting in an effective maximum U.S. federal income tax rate of 29.6 on such income. Although the reduced U.S. federal income tax rate applicable to qualified dividend income does not adversely affect the taxation of REITs or dividends payable by REITs, the more favorable rates applicable to regular corporate qualified dividends and the reduced corporate tax rate could cause investors who are individuals, trusts and estates to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT
 corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the value of the shares of REITs, including the market price of our capital stock. 
 The tax imposed on REITs engaging in prohibited transactions may limit our ability to engage in transactions which would be treated as sales for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

A REIT s net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100 penalty tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, held in inventory primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. Although we do not intend to hold any properties that would be characterized as inventory held for sale to customers in the ordinary course of our business, such characterization is a factual determination and no guarantee can be given that the IRS would agree with our characterization of our properties or that we will always be able to make use of the available safe harbors. 

 We may face risks in connection with like-kind exchanges pursuant to section 1031 of the Code Section 1031 Exchanges ). 

From time to time, we dispose of properties in transactions that are intended to qualify as Section 1031 Exchanges. It is possible that the qualification of a transaction as a Section 1031 Exchange could be successfully challenged and determined to be currently taxable or that we may be unable to identify and complete the acquisition of a suitable replacement property to effect a Section 1031 Exchange. In such case, our taxable income and earnings and profits would increase. This could increase the dividend income to our stockholders by reducing any return of capital they received. In some circumstances, we may be required to pay additional dividends or, in lieu of that, corporate income tax, possibly including interest and penalties. As a result, we may be required to borrow funds in order to pay additional dividends or taxes and the payment of such taxes could cause us to have less cash available to distribute to our stockholders. In addition, if a Section 1031 Exchange were later to be determined to be taxable, we may be required to amend our tax returns for the applicable year in question, including any information reports we sent our stockholders, and we may be required to make a special dividend payment to our shareholders if we are unable to mitigate the taxable gains realized. Moreover, unless the property was disposed of or received in the exchange on or before such date, section 1031 of the Code permits exchanges of real property only. It is possible that additional legislation could be enacted that could 

31 

Table of Contents 
 further modify or repeal the laws with respect to Section 1031 Exchanges, which could make it more difficult or not possible for us to dispose of properties on a tax deferred basis. 

 To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we may be forced to forego otherwise attractive opportunities. 

To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we must satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets, the amounts that we distribute to our stockholders and the ownership of our stock. We may be required to make distributions to stockholders at times when it would be more advantageous to reinvest cash in our business or when we do not have funds readily available for distribution. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to operate solely on the basis of maximizing profits. 

 In particular, we must ensure that at the end of each calendar quarter, at least 75 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash items, government securities and qualified real estate assets. The remainder of our investment in securities (other than government securities, securities of any qualified REIT subsidiary or TRS of ours and securities that are qualified real estate assets) generally may not include more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of any one issuer or more than 10 of the total value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer. In addition, in general, no more than 5 of the value of our assets (other than government securities, securities of any qualified REIT subsidiary or TRS of ours and securities that are qualified real estate assets) may consist of the securities of any one issuer. No more than 20 of the value of our total assets can be represented by securities of one or more TRSs, and no more than 25 of our assets can be represented by debt of publicly offered REITs (i.e., REITs that are required to file annual and periodic reports with the SEC under the Exchange Act) that is not secured by real property or interests in real property. If we fail to comply with these requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, we must remedy the failure within 30 days or qualify for certain limited statutory relief provisions to avoid losing status as a REIT. As a result, we may be required to liquidate otherwise attractive investments. These actions could have the effect of reducing our income and amounts available for distribution to our stockholders. 

 We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes that could increase our tax liability, reduce our operating flexibility and reduce the market price of our shares of capital stock. 

At any time, the U.S. federal income tax laws governing REITs may be amended or the administrative and judicial interpretations of those laws may be changed. We cannot predict when or if any new U.S. federal income tax law, regulation, or administrative and judicial interpretation, or any amendment to any existing U.S. federal income tax law, regulation or administrative or judicial interpretation, will be adopted, promulgated or become effective, and any such law, regulation, or interpretation may be effective retroactively. We cannot predict the long-term effect of any future changes on REITs and their stockholders generally. We and our stockholders could be adversely affected by any change in, or any new, U.S. federal income tax law, regulation or administrative and judicial interpretation. 

 Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure 

Conflicts of interest exist or could arise in the future between the interests of our stockholders and the interests of holders of units in our Operating Partnership, which may impede business decisions that could benefit our stockholders. 

Conflicts of interest exist or could arise in the future as a result of the relationships between us, on the one hand, and our Operating Partnership or any partner thereof, on the other. Our directors and officers have duties to our Company under applicable Maryland law in connection with their management of our Company. At the same time, we, as the general partner of our Operating Partnership, have fiduciary duties and obligations to our Operating Partnership and its limited partners under Maryland law and the partnership agreement of our 

32 

Table of Contents 
 Operating Partnership in connection with the management of our Operating Partnership. Our fiduciary duties and obligations as general partner to our Operating Partnership and its partners may come into conflict with the duties of our directors and officers to our Company. 

 Additionally, the partnership agreement provides that we and our officers, directors and employees, will not be liable or accountable to our Operating Partnership for losses sustained, liabilities incurred or benefits not derived if we, or such officer, director or employee acted in good faith. The partnership agreement also provides that we will not be liable to our Operating Partnership or any partner for monetary damages for losses sustained, liabilities incurred or benefits not derived by our Operating Partnership or any limited partner, except for liability for our intentional harm or gross negligence. Moreover, the partnership agreement provides that our Operating Partnership is required to indemnify us and our officers, directors, employees, agents and designees from and against any and all claims that relate to the operations of our Operating Partnership, except (1) if the act or omission of the person was material to the matter giving rise to the action and either was committed in bad faith or was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty, (2) for any transaction for which the indemnified party received an improper personal benefit, in money, property or services or otherwise in violation or breach of any provision of the partnership agreement or (3) in the case of a criminal proceeding, if the indemnified person had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. We are not aware of any reported decision of a Maryland appellate court that has interpreted provisions similar to the provisions of the partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership that modify and reduce our fiduciary duties or obligations as the general partner or reduce or eliminate our liability for money damages to our Operating Partnership and its partners, and we have not obtained an opinion of counsel as to the enforceability of the provisions set forth in the partnership agreement that purport to modify or reduce the fiduciary duties that would be in effect were it not for the partnership agreement. 

 The consideration that we pay for the properties and assets we own may exceed their aggregate fair market value. 

The amount of consideration that we pay for properties is based on management s estimate of fair market value, including an analysis of market sales comparables, market capitalization rates for other properties and assets and general market conditions for such properties and assets. In certain instances, management s estimate of fair market value may exceed the fair market value of these properties and assets. 

 We are a holding company with no direct operations and, as such, we rely on funds received from our Operating Partnership to pay liabilities, and the interests of our stockholders are structurally subordinated to all liabilities and obligations of our Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries. 

We are a holding company and conduct substantially all of our operations through our Operating Partnership. We do not have, apart from an interest in our Operating Partnership, any independent operations. As a result, we rely on distributions from our Operating Partnership to pay any dividends that we may declare on shares of our capital stock. We also rely on distributions from our Operating Partnership to meet any of our obligations, including any tax liability on taxable income allocated to us from our Operating Partnership. In addition, because we are a holding company, your claims as stockholders are structurally subordinated to all existing and future liabilities and obligations (whether or not for borrowed money) of our Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries. Therefore, in the event of our bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization, our assets and those of our Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries will be available to satisfy the claims of our stockholders only after all of our Operating Partnership s and its subsidiaries liabilities and obligations have been paid in full. 

 We may have assumed unknown liabilities in connection with our acquisition of properties and any properties we may acquire in the future may expose us to unknown liabilities. 

We may have acquired entities and assets that may be subject to existing liabilities, some of which may be unknown or unquantifiable. These assumed liabilities might include liabilities for cleanup or remediation of 

33 

Table of Contents 
 undisclosed environmental conditions, claims by tenants, vendors, tax liabilities and accrued but unpaid liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business or other potential claims or liabilities. While in some instances we may have the right to seek reimbursement against an insurer, any recourse against third parties, including the contributors of our assets, for these liabilities are limited. There can be no assurance that we are entitled to any such reimbursements or that ultimately we will be able to recover in respect of such rights for any of these historical liabilities. 

 In addition, there can be no assurance that our current title insurance policies will adequately protect us against any losses resulting from such title defects or adverse developments. 

 We may acquire properties subject to liabilities and without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, against the prior owners or other third parties with respect to unknown liabilities. As a result, if a liability were asserted against us based upon ownership of those properties, we might have to pay substantial sums to settle or contest it, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, or the market price of our common stock or preferred stock. Unknown liabilities with respect to acquired properties might include: 

liabilities for clean-up
 of undisclosed or undiscovered environmental contamination; 

claims by tenants, vendors or other persons against the former owners of the properties; 

liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business; and 

claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers and others indemnified by the former owners of the properties. 

We face risks associated with our tenants being designated Prohibited Persons by the Office of Foreign Assets Control. 

Pursuant to Executive Order 13224 and other laws, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, or OFAC, maintains a list of persons designated as terrorists or who are otherwise blocked or banned, or Prohibited Persons. OFAC regulations and other laws prohibit conducting business or engaging in transactions with Prohibited Persons. Certain of our loan and other agreements may require us to comply with these OFAC requirements. If a tenant or other party with whom we contract is placed on the OFAC list, we may be required by the OFAC requirements to terminate the lease or other agreement. Any such termination could result in a loss of revenue or a damage claim by the other party that the termination was wrongful. 

 Tax protection agreements may limit our ability to sell or otherwise dispose of certain properties and may require our Operating Partnership to maintain certain debt levels that otherwise would not be required to operate our business. 

In connection with contributions of properties to our Operating Partnership, our Operating Partnership has entered and may in the future enter into tax protection agreements under which it agrees to minimize the tax consequences to the contributing partners resulting from the sale or other disposition of the contributed properties. Tax protection agreements may make it economically prohibitive to sell any properties that are subject to such agreements even though it may otherwise be in our stockholders best interests to do so. In addition, we may be required to maintain a minimum level of indebtedness throughout the term of any tax protection agreement regardless of whether such debt levels are otherwise required to operate our business. Nevertheless, we have entered and may in the future enter into tax protection agreements to assist contributors of properties to our Operating Partnership in deferring the recognition of taxable gain as a result of and after any such contribution. 

34 

Table of Contents 
 Our charter, our amended and restated bylaws and Maryland law contain provisions that may delay, defer or prevent a change of control transaction and may prevent our stockholders from receiving a premium for their shares. 

Our charter contains ownership limits that may delay, defer or prevent a change of control transaction. 

Our charter, with certain exceptions, authorizes our directors to take such actions as are necessary and desirable to qualify as a REIT. Unless exempted by our board of directors, our charter provides that no person may own more than 9.8 of the value of our outstanding shares of capital stock or more than 9.8 in value or number (whichever is more restrictive) of the outstanding shares of our common stock. Our board of directors may not grant such an exemption to any proposed transferee whose ownership in excess of 9.8 of the foregoing ownership limits would result in the termination of our status as a REIT. These restrictions on transferability and ownership will not apply if our board of directors determines that it is no longer in our best interests to attempt to qualify as a REIT. The ownership limit may delay or impede a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. 

 We could authorize and issue stock without stockholder approval that may delay, defer or prevent a change of control transaction. 

Our charter authorizes us to issue additional authorized but unissued shares of our common stock or preferred stock. In addition, our board of directors may classify or reclassify any unissued shares of our common stock or preferred stock and may set the preferences, rights and other terms of the classified or reclassified shares. Our board of directors may also, without stockholder approval, amend our charter to increase the authorized number of shares of our common stock or our preferred stock that we may issue. Our board of directors could establish a class or series of common stock or preferred stock that could, depending on the terms of such class or series, delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. 

 Certain provisions of Maryland law could delay, defer or prevent a change of control transaction. 

Certain provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law MGCL may have the effect of inhibiting a third party from making a proposal to acquire us or of impeding a change of control. In some cases, such an acquisition or change of control could provide you with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of your shares. These MGCL provisions include: 

business combination provisions that, subject to limitations, prohibit certain business combinations between us and an interested stockholder for certain periods. An interested stockholder is generally any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of our shares or an affiliate or associate of ours who, at any time within the two-year
 period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of our then-outstanding voting stock. A person is not an interested stockholder under the statute if our board of directors approved in advance the transaction by which he otherwise would have become an interested stockholder. Business combinations with an interested stockholder are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. After that period, the MGCL imposes two super-majority voting requirements on such combinations; and 

control share provisions that provide that holders of control shares of our Company acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights with respect to the control shares unless holders of two-thirds
 of our voting stock (excluding interested shares) consent. Control shares are shares that, when aggregated with other shares controlled by the stockholder, entitle the stockholder to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in electing directors. A control share acquisition is the direct or indirect acquisition of ownership or control of control shares from a party other than the issuer. 

35 

Table of Contents 

 In the case of the business combination provisions of the MGCL, we opted out by resolution of our board of directors. In the case of the control share provisions of the MGCL, we opted out pursuant to a provision in our amended and restated bylaws. However, our board of directors may by resolution elect to opt in to the business combination provisions of the MGCL. Further, we may opt in to the control share provisions of the MGCL in the future by amending our bylaws, which our board of directors can do without stockholder approval. 

 Maryland law, and our charter and amended and restated bylaws, also contain other provisions that may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders. 

 The ability of our board of directors to revoke our REIT status without stockholder approval may cause adverse consequences to our stockholders. 

Our charter provides that our board of directors may revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election, without the approval of our stockholders, if it determines that it is no longer in our best interest to continue to qualify as a REIT. If we cease to be a REIT, we would become subject to U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income and would no longer be required to distribute most of our taxable income to our stockholders, which may have adverse consequences on our total return to our stockholders. 

 Our board of directors may amend our investing and financing guidelines without stockholder approval, and, accordingly, you would have limited control over changes in our policies that could increase the risk that we default under our debt obligations or that could harm our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, or the market price of our common stock or preferred stock. 

Although we are not required to maintain any particular leverage ratio, we intend, when appropriate, to employ prudent amounts of leverage and to use debt as a means of providing additional funds for the acquisition of our target assets and the diversification of our portfolio. Our organizational documents do not limit the amount or percentage of debt that we may incur, nor do they limit the types of properties that we may acquire or develop. The amount of leverage we will deploy for particular investments in our target assets will depend upon our management team s assessment of a variety of factors, which may include the anticipated liquidity and price volatility of the target assets in our investment portfolio, the potential for losses, the availability and cost of financing the assets, our opinion of the creditworthiness of our financing counterparties, the health of the U.S. economy and commercial mortgage markets, our outlook for the level, slope and volatility of interest rates, the credit quality of our target assets and the collateral underlying our target assets. Our board of directors may alter or eliminate our current guidelines on investing and financing at any time without stockholder approval. Changes in our strategy or in our investing and financing guidelines could expose us to greater credit risk and interest rate risk and could also result in a more leveraged balance sheet. These factors could result in an increase in our debt service and could adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to make expected distributions to you. Higher leverage also increases the risk that we would default on our debt. 

 Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to take action against our directors and officers are limited. 

Maryland law provides that a director or officer generally has no liability in that capacity if he or she performs his or her duties in good faith, in a manner he or she reasonably believes to be in our best interests and with the care that an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. As permitted by the MGCL, our charter limits the liability of our directors and officers to us and our stockholders for money damages, except for liability resulting from: 

actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services; or 

active and deliberate dishonesty established by a final judgment and which is material to the cause of action. 

36 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, our charter authorizes us to obligate our Company, and our amended and restated bylaws require us, to indemnify and pay or reimburse our present and former directors and officers for actions taken by them in those capacities to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. As a result, we and our stockholders may have more limited rights against our directors and officers than might otherwise exist under common law. Accordingly, in the event that actions taken in good faith by any of our directors or officers impede the performance of our Company, your ability to recover damages from such director or officer will be limited. 

 General Risk Factors 

We may incur significant costs complying with various federal, state and local laws, regulations and covenants that are applicable to our properties, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, or the market price of our common stock and preferred stock. 

The properties in our portfolio are subject to various covenants and federal, state and local laws and regulatory requirements, including permitting and licensing requirements. Local regulations, including municipal or local ordinances, zoning restrictions and restrictive covenants imposed by community developers may restrict our use of our properties and may require us to obtain approval or waivers from local officials or restrict our use of our properties and may require us to obtain approval from local officials of community standards organizations at any time with respect to our properties, including prior to acquiring a property or when undertaking renovations of any of our existing properties. Among other things, these restrictions may relate to fire and safety, seismic or hazardous material abatement requirements. There can be no assurance that existing or future laws and regulatory policies, including federal laws or executive actions affecting the markets in which we operate, will not adversely affect us or the timing or cost of any future acquisitions or renovations, or that additional regulations will not be adopted that could increase such delays or result in additional costs. Our growth strategy may be affected by our ability to obtain permits, licenses and zoning relief. Our failure to obtain such permits, licenses and zoning relief or to comply with applicable laws could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, or the market price of our common stock or preferred stock. 

 Climate change may adversely affect our business. 

Climate change may result in extreme weather and changes in precipitation and temperature, all of which may result in physical damage or a decrease in demand for our properties located in the areas affected by these conditions. For example, a number of our properties are located in Arizona which is facing water supply issues resulting from the ongoing drought in the Western United States. In August 2022, the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation declared a Tier 2 shortage at Lake Mead, which increased water restrictions for states in the southwest. Beginning in January 2023, Arizona will forfeit approximately 21 of the state s yearly allotment of water from Lake Mead. The success of our Arizona properties may continue to be negatively impacted by increased stress on water supplies caused by climate change. Should the impact of climate change be material in nature or occur for lengthy periods of time, our financial condition or results of operations would be adversely affected. In addition, changes in federal and state legislation and regulation on climate change could result in increased capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency of our existing properties in order to comply with such regulations. The federal government has enacted, and some of the states and localities in which we operate may enact, certain climate change laws and regulations or have begun regulating carbon footprints and greenhouse gas emissions. Although these laws and regulations have not had any known material adverse effects on our business to date, they could result in substantial costs, including compliance costs, increased energy costs, retrofit costs and construction costs, including monitoring and reporting costs, and capital expenditures for environmental control facilities and other new equipment. Furthermore, our reputation could be negatively affected if we violate climate change laws or regulations. We cannot predict how future laws and regulations, or future interpretations of current laws and regulations, related to climate change will affect our properties, business, results of operations and financial condition. Lastly, the physical impacts of climate change on our operations are highly uncertain, and would be particular to the geographic circumstances in areas in which we operate. These may include changes in global weather patterns, which could include changes in rainfall and 

37 

Table of Contents 
 storm patterns and intensities, water shortages, changing sea levels and changing temperature averages or extremes. These impacts may adversely affect our properties, our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 Litigation may result in unfavorable outcomes. 

Like many real estate operators, we may be involved in lawsuits involving premises liability claims and alleged violations of landlord-tenant laws, which may give rise to class action litigation or governmental investigations. Any material litigation not covered by insurance, such as a class action, could result in us incurring substantial costs and harm our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, or the market price of our common stock or preferred stock. 

 Our business could be adversely impacted if there are deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting. 

The design and effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting may not prevent all errors, misstatements or misrepresentations. While management will continue to review the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, there can be no guarantee that our internal control over financial reporting will be effective in accomplishing all control objectives all of the time. Deficiencies, including any material weakness, in our internal control over financial reporting that may occur in the future could result in misstatements of our results of operations, restatements of our financial statements, or otherwise adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, or the market price of our common stock or preferred stock, and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends and distributions to the holders of our common stock or preferred stock. 

 Our business and operations would suffer in the event of system failures. 

Despite system redundancy and the implementation of security measures for our IT networks and related systems, our systems are vulnerable to damages from any number of sources, including computer viruses, energy blackouts, natural disasters, terrorism, war, and telecommunication failures. We rely on our IT networks and related systems, including the Internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of our business processes, including financial transactions and keeping of records, which may include personal identifying information of tenants and lease data. We rely on commercially available systems, software, tools and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmitting and storing confidential tenant information, such as individually identifiable information relating to financial accounts. Any failure to maintain proper function, security and availability of our IT networks and related systems could interrupt our operations, damage our reputation, subject us to liability claims or regulatory penalties and could have a material adverse effect on our operations. As such, any of the foregoing events could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, or the market price of our common stock or preferred stock. 

 We face risks associated with security breaches through cyber-attacks, cyber intrusions or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of our IT networks and related systems. 

We face risks associated with security breaches, whether through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusions over the Internet, malware, computer viruses, attachments to e-mails,
 persons inside our organization or persons with access to systems inside our organization, and other significant disruptions of our IT networks and related systems. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attack or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. Our IT networks and related systems are essential to the operation of our business and our ability to perform day-to-day

 operations (including managing our building systems or those of our third-party providers that we rely on), and, in some cases, may be critical to the operations of certain of our tenants. There can be no assurance that our efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of IT networks and related systems will be effective or 

38 

Table of Contents 
 that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. A security breach or other significant disruption involving our IT networks and related systems could, among other things: 

result in unauthorized access to, destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information of ours or others, including personally identifiable and account information that could be used to compete against us or for disruptive, destructive or otherwise harmful purposes and outcomes; 

result in unauthorized access to or changes to our financial accounting and reporting systems and related data; 

result in our inability to maintain building systems relied on by our tenants; 

require significant management attention and resources to remedy any damage that results; 

subject us to regulatory penalties or claims for breach of contract, damages, credits, penalties or terminations of leases or other agreements; or 

damage our reputation among our tenants and investors. 

These events could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, the quoted trading price of our securities, and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends and distributions to our security holders. 

 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

39 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

As of December 31, 2022, we owned 25 office complexes comprised of 60 office buildings with a total of approximately 6.0 million square feet of NRA in the metropolitan areas of Dallas, Denver, Orlando, Phoenix, Portland, Raleigh, San Diego, Seattle and Tampa. The following table presents an overview of our portfolio as of December 31, 2022. 

Metropolitan

Area

Property

Economic Interest

NRA

 (000s Square Feet)

In Place

 Occupancy

Annualized Base Rent per Square Foot

Annualized Gross Rent per Square Foot (1)

Annualized Base Rent (2)
 000s)

Phoenix, AZ

(25.3 of NRA)

Block 23

100.0 

307 

94.0 

29.66 

31.92 

8,563 

Pima Center

100.0 

272 

43.7 

27.99 

27.99 

3,324 

SanTan

100.0 

267 

46.3 

31.74 

31.74 

3,916 

5090 N. 40 th
 St

100.0 

176 

96.1 

31.98 

31.98 

5,396 

Camelback Square

100.0 

172 

83.5 

34.32 

34.32 

4,934 

The Quad

100.0 

163 

100.0 

32.11 

32.42 

5,234 

Papago Tech

100.0 

163 

86.1 

24.01 

24.01 

3,364 

Tampa, FL

(17.5 

Park Tower

94.8 

478 

88.7 

27.56 

27.56 

11,686 

City Center

95.0 

244 

85.5 

28.21 

28.21 

5,883 

Intellicenter

100.0 

204 

100.0 

25.64 

25.64 

5,219 

Carillon Point

100.0 

124 

100.0 

30.11 

30.11 

3,739 

Denver, CO

(13.4 

Denver Tech

100.0 

381 

93.2 

24.15 

28.60 

8,480 

Circle Point

100.0 

272 

84.5 

19.73 

34.59 

4,531 

Superior Pointe

100.0 

152 

98.3 

18.92 

31.92 

2,833 

Orlando, FL

(12.0 

Florida Research Park

96.5 

393 

87.9 

25.61 

27.37 

8,758 

Central Fairwinds

97.0 

168 

92.5 

27.77 

27.77 

4,319 

Greenwood Blvd

100.0 

155 

100.0 

24.25 

24.25 

3,760 

Dallas, TX

(9.8 

190 Office Center

100.0 

303 

77.5 

26.57 

26.57 

6,241 

The Terraces

100.0 

173 

99.0 

38.62 

58.62 

6,600 

2525 McKinnon

100.0 

111 

97.8 

30.07 

51.07 

3,276 

Raleigh, NC

(8.3 

Bloc 83

100.0 

495 

83.5 

37.40 

37.63 

15,458 

Portland, OR

(5.5 

AmberGlen

76.0 

203 

98.4 

23.79 

27.06 

4,743 

Cascade Station

100.0 

128 

100.0 

29.13 

31.05 

3,731 

San Diego, CA

(4.7 

Mission City

100.0 

281 

73.7 

39.03 

39.03 

8,097 

Seattle, WA

(3.5 

Canyon Park

100.0 

207 

100.0 

23.17 

29.17 

4,791 

Total / Weighted Average December 31, 2022 (3)

5,992

86.2

28.46

31.59

146,876

(1) 
 Annualized gross rent per square foot includes adjustment for estimated expense reimbursements of triple net leases for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

(2) 
 Annualized base rent is calculated by multiplying (i) rental payments (defined as cash rents before abatements) for the month ended December 31, 2022 by (ii) 12. 

(3) 
 Averages weighted based on the property s NRA, adjusted for occupancy. 

40 

Table of Contents 
 Lease Maturity Profile 

The chart below sets out the percentage of NRA of our properties subject to lease expiration during the periods shown without regard to renewal options. 

 Lease Maturity Schedule (1)

(1) 
 Percentage represents the NRA of the leases divided by the total NRA of the portfolio, as of December 31, 2022. 

(2) 
 2.8 represents the leases under contract but not yet in occupancy as of December 31, 2022. 

The following table sets forth the lease expirations for leases in place in our properties as of December 31, 2022, plus available space, for each of the calendar years ending December 31, 2023 to December 31, 2032 and thereafter. The information set forth in the table assumes that tenants exercise no renewal options and do not exercise early termination rights. Leases in place have a weighted average term to maturity of 4.9 years. 

Year of Lease Expiration

Number of Leases Expiring

NRA of Expiring Leases (000s)

Percentage of NRA

Annualized Base Rent (1)
 (000s)

Percentage of Total Properties Rent

Annualized Base Rent per Leased Square Foot Expiring (2)

Annualized Base Rent (including Rent Abatement at Dec 31, 2022)

Annualized Base Rent per Leased Square Foot Expiring (Including Rent Abatement at Dec 31, 2022)

Vacant

657 

11.0 

Contracted

167 

2.8 

2023

65 

789 

13.2 

21,856 

14.9 

27.70 

21,294 

26.99 

2024

65 

491 

8.2 

13,670 

9.3 

27.84 

13,670 

27.84 

2025

50 

445 

7.4 

12,464 

8.5 

28.01 

12,464 

28.01 

2026

34 

500 

8.3 

13,257 

9.0 

26.51 

12,839 

25.68 

2027

41 

716 

11.9 

19,628 

13.4 

27.41 

19,628 

27.41 

2028

38 

527 

8.8 

13,780 

9.4 

26.15 

10,607 

20.13 

2029

20 

549 

9.2 

16,121 

11.0 

29.36 

15,003 

27.33 

2030

14 

295 

4.9 

10,158 

6.9 

34.43 

5,030 

17.05 

2031

4 

164 

2.7 

4,015 

2.7 

24.48 

4,015 

24.48 

2032 Thereafter

21 

692 

11.6 

21,927 

14.9 

31.69 

17,827 

25.76 

Total / Weighted Average

352

5,992

100.0

146,876

100.0

28.46

132,377

25.61

(1) 
 Annualized base rent is calculated by multiplying (i) rental payments (defined as cash rents before abatements) for the month of December 31, 2022, by (ii) 12. 

(2) 
 Annualized rent per leased square foot expiring reflects rental payments for the month of December 31, 2022, multiplied by 12 and divided by the NRA of expiring lease. 

41 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We and our subsidiaries are, from time to time, parties to litigation arising from the ordinary course of their business. We are not presently subject to any material litigation nor, to our knowledge, is any other litigation threatened against us, other than routine actions for negligence or other claims and administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business, some of which are expected to be covered by liability insurance and all of which collectively are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, results of operations or business or financial condition. 

 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not Applicable. 

42 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock has been listed on the NYSE under the symbol CIO since April 15, 2014. Prior to that time, there was no public market for our common stock. 

 On February 16, 2023, the closing sale price of our common stock on the NYSE was 9.32. American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC is the transfer agent and registrar for our common stock. On February 16, 2023, we had 55 holders of record of our common stock. This figure does not represent the actual number of beneficial owners of our common stock because shares of our common stock are frequently held in street name by securities dealers and others for the benefit of beneficial owners who may vote the shares. 

 We generally intend to continue to declare quarterly dividends on our common stock, subject to the Board s discretion and applicable law. The actual amount and timing of dividends, however, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our financial condition in addition to the requirements of the Code and Maryland law, and no assurance can be given as to the amounts or timing of future distributions, if any. From time to time, our board of directors may approve the repurchase of our shares of common stock or Series A Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share, through open market purchases or otherwise. 

 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The information required by Item 5 is incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 annual stockholders meeting. 

43 

Table of Contents 
 Stock Performance Graph 

The following graph sets forth the five-year cumulative stockholder return (assuming reinvestment of dividends) to our stockholders, as well as the corresponding returns on an overall stock market index (Russell 2000 Index) and two peer group indexes (MSCI US REIT Index and Dow Jones U.S. Real Estate Office Index). The stock performance graph assumes that 100 was invested on December 31, 2017. Historical total stockholder return is not necessarily indicative of future results. The MSCI US REIT Index consists of equity REITs that are included in the MSCI US Investible Market 2500 Index, except for specialty equity REITs that do not generate a majority of their revenue and income from real estate rental and leasing operations. The Dow Jones U.S. Real Estate Index consists of publicly traded U.S. office REITs. We have included the MSCI US REIT Index and the Dow Jones U.S. Real Estate Office Index because we believe that each is representative of the industry in which we compete and, therefore, each is relevant to an assessment of our performance.

Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities 

On March 9, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors approved a share repurchase plan authorizing the Company to repurchase up to 100 million of its outstanding shares of common stock. In July 2020, the Company completed the full March 2020 share repurchase program. On August 5, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors approved an additional share repurchase plan authorizing the Company to repurchase up to an additional aggregate amount of 50 million of its outstanding shares of common stock. In September 2022, the Company completed the full August 2020 share repurchase plan. Under the share repurchase programs, the shares may be repurchased from time to time using a variety of methods, which may include open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, all in accordance with the rules of the SEC and other applicable legal requirements. 

 Repurchased shares of common stock will be classified as authorized and unissued shares. The Company recognizes the cost of shares of common stock it repurchases, including direct costs incurred, as a reduction in stockholders equity. Such reductions of stockholders equity due to the repurchases of shares of common stock repurchased will be applied first, to reduce common stock in the amount of the par value associated with the shares of common stock repurchased and second, to reduce additional paid-in
 capital by the amount that the purchase price for the shares of common stock repurchased exceed the par value. 

44 

Table of Contents 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company completed the repurchase of 4,006,897 shares of its common stock for approximately 50.0 million. There were no shares repurchased during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company completed the repurchase of 11,363,851 shares of its common stock for approximately 100.0 million. 

 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

45 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis is based on, and should be read in conjunction with, the consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto of the City Office REIT, Inc. for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

As used in this section, unless the context otherwise requires, references to we, our, us, and our company refer to City Office REIT, Inc., a Maryland corporation, together with our consolidated subsidiaries, including City Office REIT Operating Partnership L.P., a Maryland limited partnership of which we are the sole general partner and which we refer to in this section as our Operating Partnership , except where it is clear from the context that the term only means City Office REIT, Inc. 

This management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (this MD A contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. See Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions associated with those statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, but not limited to, those in Risk Factors and included in other portions of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

You should read the following MD A in conjunction with the historical consolidated financial statements, and notes thereto, included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
 We have omitted from this MD A a detailed discussion of the year-over-year changes from the Company s fiscal year 2020 as compared to fiscal year 2021, which can be found in the MD A section in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K
 for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 25, 2022. 

Overview 

Company 

We were formed as a Maryland corporation on November 26, 2013. On April 21, 2014, we completed our initial public offering IPO of shares of common stock. We contributed the net proceeds of the IPO to our Operating Partnership in exchange for common units in our Operating Partnership. Both we and our Operating Partnership commenced operations upon completion of the IPO and certain related formation transactions. 

 The Company s interest in the Operating Partnership entitles the Company to share in distributions from, and allocations of profits and losses of, the Operating Partnership in proportion to the Company s percentage ownership of common units. As the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, the Company has the exclusive power under the Operating Partnership s partnership agreement to manage and conduct the Operating Partnership s business, subject to limited approval and voting rights of the limited partners. 

 The Company has elected to be taxed and will continue to operate in a manner that will allow it to qualify as a REIT under the Code. Subject to qualification as a REIT, the Company will be permitted to deduct dividend distributions paid to its stockholders, eliminating the U.S. federal taxation of income represented by such distributions at the Company level. REITs are subject to a number of organizational and operational requirements. If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, the Company will be subject to U.S. federal and state income tax on its taxable income at regular corporate tax rates and any applicable alternative minimum tax. 

 During the first quarter of 2022, the sole tenant at the Lake Vista Pointe property exercised its lease option to purchase the building and the Company signed a purchase and sale agreement with the tenant. At the time the tenant exercised the option, the Company reassessed the lease classification of the lease, in accordance with ASC 

46 

Table of Contents 
 842 Leases, and determined that the lease should be reclassified from an operating lease to a sales-type lease. This reclassification resulted in a gain on sale of 21.7 million net of disposal related costs. On June 15, 2022, the Company sold the Lake Vista Pointe property in Dallas, Texas for a gross sales price of 43.8 million. 

 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company completed the repurchase of 4,006,897 shares of its common stock for approximately 50.0 million. 

 Indebtedness 

At December 31, 2022, the Company had 200.5 million outstanding under the Company s Unsecured Credit Facility and a 4.2 million letter of credit to satisfy escrow requirements for a mortgage lender. 

 For additional information regarding these mortgage loans, the Unsecured Credit Facility, including the Company s five-year 50 million Term Loan thereunder and the related five-year Interest Rate Swap for a notional amount of 50 million to which the Company is a party, please refer to Liquidity and Capital Resources below. 

 Revenue Base 

As of December 31, 2022, we owned 25 properties comprised of 60 office buildings with a total of approximately 6.0 million square feet of NRA. As of December 31, 2022, our properties were approximately 86.2 leased. 

 Office Leases 

Historically, most leases for our properties have been on a full-service gross or net lease basis, and we expect to continue to use such leases in the future. A full-service gross lease generally has a base year expense stop, whereby we pay a stated amount of expenses as part of the rent payment while future increases (above the base year stop) in property operating expenses are billed to the tenant based on such tenant s proportionate square footage in the property. The property operating expenses are reflected in operating expenses; however, only the increased property operating expenses above the base year stop recovered from tenants are reflected as tenant recoveries in our statements of operations. In a triple net lease, the tenant is typically responsible for all property taxes and operating expenses. As such, the base rent payment does not include any operating expenses, but rather all such expenses are billed to or paid by the tenant. The full amount of the expenses for this lease type is reflected in operating expenses, and the reimbursement is reflected in tenant recoveries. We are also a lessor for a fee simple ground lease at the AmberGlen property. 

 Factors That May Influence Our Operating Results and Financial Condition 

Economic Environment and Inflation 

During 2022, economic conditions in the U.S. and globally have deteriorated, primarily due to rising inflation. As inflation continued to reach new highs, it set off a chain reaction of events, beginning with the Federal Reserve taking and signaling severe tightening measures, interest rates rising across the yield curve, volatility and losses in the public equity and debt markets, and now increasing concerns that the U.S. economy may experience a recession. This evolving operating environment impacts our operating activities as: 

business leaders may generally become more reticent to make large capital allocation decisions, such as entry into a new lease, given the uncertain economic environment; 

our cost of capital has increased due to higher interest rates and credit spreads, and private market debt financing is significantly more challenging to arrange; and 

47 

Table of Contents 

retaining and attracting new tenants has become increasingly challenging due to potential business layoffs, downsizing and industry slowdowns. 

Despite the challenging economic environment, there is increasing evidence that many businesses have or will tighten up in-person
 work policies as economic conditions worsen. Many of these companies increased their workforce during the pandemic without increasing their available space. We expect these factors to help offset, at least partially, the recessionary headwinds to demand for office space. 
 COVID-19

Our business has been and will likely continue to be impacted by the COVID-19
 pandemic. In addition, our business has been and will likely continue to be impacted by tenant uncertainty regarding office space needs given the evolving remote and hybrid working trends as a result of the COVID-19
 pandemic. While the usage of our assets in 2022 was still lower than pre-pandemic
 levels, usage has been increasing year over year. Usage of our assets in the near future depends on corporate and individual decisions regarding return to usage of office space, which is impossible to estimate. 
 Leasing activity has been and is expected to be impacted by the COVID-19
 pandemic until and unless tenants increase the utilization of their spaces. We have experienced and we expect that we will continue to experience slower new leasing, and there remains uncertainty over existing tenants long-term space requirements. Overall, this could reduce our anticipated rental revenues. In addition, certain tenants in our markets have and may explore opportunities to sublease all or a portion of their leased square footage to other tenants or third parties. While subleasing generally does not impact the ability to collect payment from the original lessee and will not result in any decrease in the rental revenues expected to be received from the primary tenant, this trend could reduce our ability to lease incremental square footage to new tenants, could increase the square footage of our properties that goes dark, could reduce anticipated rental revenue should tenants determine their long-term needs for square footage are lower than originally anticipated and could impact the pricing and competitiveness for leasing office space in our markets. 
 We will continue to actively evaluate business operations and strategies to optimally position ourselves given current economic and industry conditions. 

 Additional information about our response to the COVID-19
 pandemic and the impact on our business is included elsewhere in this MD A. 
 Business and Strategy 

We focus on owning and acquiring office properties in our footprint of growth markets predominantly in the Sun Belt. Our markets generally possess growing populations with above-average employment growth forecasts, a large number of government offices, large international, national and regional employers across diversified industries, generally low-cost
 centers for business operations and a high quality of life. We believe these characteristics have made our markets desirable, as evidenced by domestic net migration generally towards our geographic footprint. We utilize our management s market-specific knowledge and relationships as well as the expertise of local real estate property and leasing managers to identify acquisition opportunities that we believe will offer cash flow stability and long-term value appreciation. 
 Rental Revenue and Tenant Recoveries 

The amount of net rental revenue generated by our properties will depend principally on our ability to maintain the occupancy rates of currently leased space and to lease currently available space and space that becomes available from lease terminations. The amount of rental revenue generated also depends on our ability to maintain or increase rental rates at our properties. Negative trends in one or more of these factors could 

48 

Table of Contents 
 adversely affect our rental revenue in future periods. Future economic downturns or regional downturns affecting our markets or submarkets or downturns in our tenants industries, including as a result of rising interest rates and the increasing likelihood of a U.S. recession, that impair our ability to renew or re-let
 space and the ability of our tenants to fulfill their lease commitments, as in the case of tenant bankruptcies, could adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase rental rates at our properties. In addition, growth in rental revenue will also partially depend on our ability to acquire additional properties that meet our investment criteria. 
 Operating Expenses 

Our operating expenses generally consist of utilities, property and ad valorem taxes, insurance and site maintenance costs. Increases in these expenses over tenants base years (until the base year is reset at expiration) are generally passed along to tenants in our full-service gross leased properties and are generally paid in full by tenants in our net leased properties. The COVID-19
 pandemic did not cause a material change in our operating expenses for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Conditions in Our Markets 

Positive or negative changes in economic or other conditions in the markets we operate in, including state budgetary shortfalls, employment rates, natural hazards and other factors, may impact our overall performance. While we generally expect the trend of positive population and economic growth in our Sun Belt cities to continue, there is no way for us to predict whether these trends will continue, especially in light of inflation and rising interest rates as well as the potential changes in tax policy, fiscal policy and monetary policy. In addition, it is uncertain and impossible to estimate the potential impact that the COVID-19
 pandemic will have on the short- and long-term demand for office space in our markets. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Basis of Preparation 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP and include the financial position and results of operations of the Company, the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated on consolidation. 

 Use of Estimates 

The Company has made a number of significant estimates and assumptions relating to the reporting of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses to prepare these consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP. Significant estimates made include the recoverability of accounts receivable, allocation of property purchase price to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, the determination and measurement of impairment of long-lived assets and the useful lives of long-lived assets. These estimates and assumptions are based on our best estimates and judgment. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis using historical experience and other factors, including the current economic environment. The current economic environment has increased the degree of uncertainty inherent in these estimates and assumptions. Management adjusts such estimates when facts and circumstances dictate. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. 

 Business Combinations 

The fair value of the real estate acquired, which includes the impact of fair value adjustments for assumed mortgage debt related to property acquisitions, is allocated to the acquired tangible assets, consisting of land, 

49 

Table of Contents 
 building and improvements and identified intangible assets and liabilities, consisting of the value of above-market and below-market leases, other value of in-place
 leases and value of tenant relationships, based in each case on their fair values. For acquisitions that do not meet the business combination accounting criteria, these are accounted for as asset acquisitions. The Company allocates the cost of the acquisition, which includes any associated acquisition costs to individual assets and liabilities assumed on a relative fair value basis. Also, non-controlling
 interests acquired are recorded at estimated fair market value. 
 The fair value of the tangible assets of an acquired property (which includes land, building and improvements and fixtures and equipment) is determined by valuing the property as if it were vacant. The as-if-vacant 

 value is then allocated to land and building and improvements based on our determination of relative fair values of these assets. Factors considered by us in performing these analyses include an estimate of carrying costs during the expected lease-up
 periods considering current market conditions and costs to execute similar leases. In estimating carrying costs, we include real estate taxes, insurance and other operating expenses and estimates of lost rental revenue during the expected lease-up
 periods based on current market demand. We also estimate costs to execute similar leases including leasing commissions. 
 The fair value of above-market and below-market lease values are recorded based on the difference between the current in place lease rent and our estimate of current market rents. Below-market lease intangibles are recorded as part lease intangibles liability and amortized into rental revenue over the non-cancelable
 periods and bargain renewal periods of the respective leases. Above-market leases are recorded as part of intangible assets and amortized as a direct charge against rental revenue over the non-cancelable
 portion of the respective leases. 
 The fair value of acquired in place leases are recorded based on the costs we estimate we would have incurred to lease the property to the occupancy level of the property at the date of acquisition. Such estimates include the fair value of leasing commissions and legal costs that would be incurred to lease the property to this occupancy level. Additionally, we evaluate the time period over such occupancy level would be achieved and include an estimate of the net operating costs incurred during the lease-up
 period. 
 Revenue Recognition 

We recognize lease revenue on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Certain leases allow for the tenant to terminate the lease, but the tenant must make a termination payment as stipulated in the lease. If the termination payment is in such an amount that continuation of the lease appears, at the time of lease inception, to be reasonably assured, then we recognize revenue over the term of the lease. We have determined that for these leases, the termination payment is in such an amount that continuation of the lease appears, at the time of inception, to be reasonably assured. We recognize lease termination fees as other revenue in the period received and write off unamortized lease-related intangible and other lease-related account balances, provided there are no further obligations by us under the lease. Otherwise, such fees and balances are recognized on a straight-line basis over the remaining obligation period with the termination payments being recorded as a component of rent receivable-deferred or deferred revenue on the consolidated balance sheets. 

 If we fund tenant improvements and the improvements are deemed to be owned by us, revenue recognition will commence when control of the space is turned over to the tenant. Tenant improvements are deferred and amortized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the respective lease. If we determine that the tenant allowances are lease incentives, we commence revenue recognition when possession or control of the space is turned over to the tenant for tenant work to begin. The lease incentive is recorded as a deferred expense and amortized as a reduction of revenue on a straight-line basis over the respective lease term. 

 Recoveries from tenants for real estate taxes, insurance and other operating expenses are recognized as revenues in the period that the applicable costs are incurred. We recognize differences between estimated recoveries and the final billed amounts in the subsequent year. Final billings to tenants for real estate taxes, insurance and other operating expenses did not vary significantly as compared to the estimated receivable balances. 

50 

Table of Contents 
 Leases 

We determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating and financing right-of-use

 assets and lease liabilities are included within other assets and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. Right-of-use

 assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Right-of-use

 assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of future payments. Right-of-use

 assets include any prepaid lease payments and exclude any lease incentives and initial direct costs incurred. Lease expense for minimum lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease if it is reasonably certain we will exercise that option. For lease agreements with lease and non-lease
 components, we account for the components as a single combined lease component. 
 Impairment of Real Estate Properties 

Long-lived assets currently in use are reviewed periodically for possible impairment and will be written down to fair value if considered impaired. Long-lived assets to be disposed of are written down to the lower of cost or fair value less the estimated cost to sell. We review our real estate properties for impairment when there is an event or a change in circumstances that indicates that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. We measure and record impairment losses and reduce the carrying amount of properties when indicators of impairment are present and the expected undiscounted cash flows related to those properties are less than their carrying amounts. In cases in which we do not expect to recover the carrying amount of properties held for use, we reduce our carrying amount to fair value. The valuation of impaired assets is determined using valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis, analysis of recent comparable sales transactions and purchase offers received from third parties. The Company may consider a single valuation technique or multiple valuation techniques, as appropriate, when estimating the fair value of its real estate. 

 Recently Issued or Adopted Accounting Standards 

In March 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB established Topic 848, Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting, by issuing Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2020-04
 ASU 2020-04 ).
 ASU 2020-04
 provides companies with optional expedients and exceptions to the guidance on contract modifications and hedge accounting to ease the potential accounting burden associated with transitioning away from reference rates that are expected to be discontinued. For contracts affected by reference rate reform, if certain criteria are met, companies can elect to not remeasure contracts at the modification date or reassess a previous accounting conclusion. Companies can also elect various optional expedients that would allow them to continue applying hedge accounting for hedging relationships affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. Further, in January 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-01,
 Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848)( ASU 2021-01 ).
 ASU 2021-01
 clarified the scope of Topic 848 so that derivatives affected by the discounting transition are explicitly eligible for certain optional expedients and exceptions in Topic 848. 

ASU 2020-04
 and ASU 2021-01
 can be applied as of the beginning of the interim period that includes March 12, 2020, however, the guidance will only be available for optional use through December 31, 2022. In December 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-06,
 Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848 ASU 2022-06 ).
 ASU 2022-06
 amends the date the guidance will be available to December 31, 2024. The new standard applies prospectively to contract modifications and hedging relationships and may be elected over time as reference rate reform activities occur. The Company has not yet adopted the standard and continues to evaluate the impact of ASU 2020-04,
 ASU 2021-01
 and ASU 2022-06
 on its consolidated financial statements and may elect optional expedients in future periods as reference rate reform activities occur. 
 In July 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-05
 ASU 2021-05 ),
 Leases (Topic 842): Lessors Certain Leases with Variable Lease Payments. ASU 2021-05
 requires lessors to classify a lease with variable lease 

51 

Table of Contents 
 payments that do not depend on an index or rate as an operating lease if the lease would have been classified as a sales-type lease or a direct financing lease under the pre-ASU
 classification criteria, and sales-type or direct financing classification would result in a Day 1 loss. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021. The ASU may be early adopted and can be applied either retrospectively to leases that commenced or were modified on or after the adoption of ASU No. 2016-02
 or prospectively to leases that commence or are modified on or after the date that an entity first applies the amendments. The Company adopted ASU 2021-05
 prospectively on January 1, 2022. The adoption of ASU 2021-05
 did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 Results of Operations 

Comparison of Year Ended December 31, 2022 to Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Rental and Other Revenues.

Revenue includes net rental income, including parking, signage and other income, as well as the recovery of operating costs and property taxes from tenants. Rental and other revenues increased 16.5 million, or 10 , to 180.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 164.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Of this increase, the acquisitions of Block 23, The Terraces and Bloc 83 in December 2021 contributed increases of 9.8 million, 10.3 million and 17.1 million, respectively. Also contributing to this increase was Mission City, which had increased revenue of 0.5 million over the prior year due to higher occupancy. Offsetting these increases, the disposition of Cherry Creek in February 2021, Sorrento Mesa in December 2021 and Lake Vista Pointe in June 2022 decreased revenue by 0.8 million, 12.2 million and 2.5 million, respectively. Revenue also decreased at Park Tower by 5.1 million due to a termination fee recognized in the prior year associated with an early tenant departure and the associated downtime in which a replacement tenant did not take occupancy until the middle of the second quarter of 2022. The remaining properties rental and other revenues remained relatively unchanged in comparison to the prior period. 
 Operating Expenses 

Total Operating Expenses.

Total operating expenses consist of property operating expenses, general and administrative expenses and depreciation and amortization. Total operating expenses increased by 26.7 million, or 20 , to 157.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 130.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Of this increase, the acquisitions of Block 23, The Terraces and Bloc 83 in December 2021 contributed increases of 6.1 million, 6.6 million and 10.8 million, respectively. Also contributing to the increase was a 13.4 million impairment of real estate which was recorded in Q4 2022. The impairment was a result of the write-down of 190 Office Center and Cascade Station to fair value. Offsetting these increases, the disposition of Cherry Creek, Sorrento Mesa and Lake Vista Pointe decreased total operating expenses by 0.3 million, 6.0 million and 1.6 million, respectively. General and administrative expenses decreased by 1.7 million over the prior period primarily due to a one-time
 3.5 million employee bonus incurred in the prior year as a result of the Sorrento Mesa sale transaction. Depreciation and amortization for Pima Center decreased by 1.1 million from the prior period as the amortization expense associated with acquired lease intangible assets has now been fully amortized. The remaining properties total operating expenses increased a combined 0.5 million. 
 Property Operating Expenses.

Property operating expenses are comprised mainly of building common area and maintenance expenses, insurance, property taxes, property management fees, as well as certain expenses that are not recoverable from tenants, the majority of which are related to costs necessary to maintain the appearance and marketability of vacant space. In the normal course of business, property expenses fluctuate and are impacted by various factors including, but not limited to, occupancy levels, weather, utility costs, repairs, maintenance and re-leasing
 costs. Property operating expenses increased by 9.7 million, or 17 , to 67.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 58.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Of this increase, the acquisitions of Block 23, The Terraces and Bloc 83 in December 2021 contributed increases of 2.6 million, 

52 

Table of Contents 
 3.2 million and 4.0 million, respectively. An increase of 0.9 million was attributable to the Ingenuity Drive property within the Florida Research Park portfolio as that property was converted from a single tenant property where the tenant paid for its own operating expenses into a multi-tenant property where expenses are paid by the landlord and reimbursements are charged to the tenants. An increase of 0.7 million was attributable to Park Tower due to higher non-recoverable
 expenses and utilities. Offsetting these increases, the disposition of Cherry Creek, Sorrento Mesa and Lake Vista Pointe decreased property operating expenses by 0.3 million, 2.6 million and 0.8 million, respectively. The remaining properties expenses increased a combined 2.0 million due to a combination of factors including higher utilization at our properties. 
 General and Administrative.

General and administrative expenses are comprised of public company reporting costs and the compensation of our management team and Board of Directors, as well as non-cash
 stock-based compensation expenses. General and administrative expenses decreased 1.7 million, or 11 , to 13.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 15.5 million reported for the same period in 2021. In the prior period, general and administrative expenses increased due to a one-time
 3.5 million employee bonus incurred as a result of the Sorrento Mesa sale transaction. Offsetting this decrease were higher stock-based compensation expense and higher professional fees. 
 Depreciation and Amortization.

Depreciation and amortization increased 5.2 million, or 9 , to 62.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 57.3 million reported for the same period in 2021. Of this increase, the acquisitions of Block 23, The Terraces and Bloc 83 in December 2021 contributed increases of 3.5 million, 3.4 million and 6.8 million, respectively. Offsetting these increases, the disposition of Sorrento Mesa and Lake Vista Pointe decreased depreciation and amortization expense by 3.4 million and 0.7 million, respectively. Depreciation and amortization for Pima Center decreased by 1.1 million from the prior period as the amortization expense associated with acquired lease intangible assets has now been fully amortized. The remaining properties depreciation and amortization expense decreased a combined 3.3 million compared to the prior year, mainly due to accelerated amortization of tenant-related assets recorded in the prior year at SanTan, Park Tower and Mission City associated with early lease terminations at those properties. 
 Other Expense (Income) 

Interest Expense.

Interest expense increased 2.4 million, or 10 , to 27.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 24.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to the increase in the amount drawn and interest rates on our floating rate debt. 
 Net Gain on the Sale of Real Estate Property.

During the first quarter of 2022, the sole tenant at the Lake Vista Pointe property exercised its lease option to purchase the building and we signed a purchase and sale agreement with the tenant. At the time the tenant exercised the option, we reassessed the lease classification of the lease, in accordance with ASC 842 Leases, and determined that the lease should be reclassified from an operating lease to a sales-type lease. This reclassification resulted in a gain on sale of 21.7 million net of disposal related costs. The Lake Vista Pointe property was sold in June 2022. In the prior year, we recorded a net gain on the sale of real estate property of 476.7 million related to the sale of Cherry Creek in February 2021 and the sale of the Sorrento Mesa portfolio in December 2021 for net gains of 47.4 million and 429.3 million, respectively. 
 Impairment of Real Estate.

Impairment of real estate was 13.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to nil in the prior year. The impairment was related to the write down of the carrying amount of 190 Office Center and Cascade Station, to fair value. 

53 

Table of Contents 
 Cash Flows 

Comparison of Period Ended December 31, 2022 to Period Ended December 31, 2021 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash were 44.3 million and 42.3 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

 Cash flow from operating activities. 

Net cash provided by operating activities increased by 33.5 million to 106.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 73.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cash was primarily due to receipts received from the sales-type lease at the Lake Vista property, which was sold in 2022, partially offset by changes in working capital. 
 Cash flow to investing activities.

Net cash used in investing activities increased by 29.7 million to 47.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 17.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cash used in investing activities was primarily due to a decrease in proceeds from sale of real estate in 2022 compared to 2021. The higher proceeds from sale of real estate in 2021 was attributable to the sale of the Cherry Creek property and the Sorrento Mesa portfolio. This decrease was partially offset by higher acquisition of real estate in 2021 compared to 2022 and higher additions to real estate properties in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 Cash flow to financing activities. 

Net cash used in financing activities decreased by 1.9 million to 57.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 59.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash used in financing activities was primarily due to higher net proceeds from borrowings in 2022 compared to 2021, partially offset by repurchases of our common stock for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to no repurchases of our common stock for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Analysis of Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We had approximately 28.2 million of cash and cash equivalents and 16.1 million of restricted cash as of December 31, 2022. 

 On March 15, 2018, the Company entered into the Credit Agreement for our Unsecured Credit Facility that provided for commitments of up to 250 million, which included an accordion feature that allowed the Company to borrow up to 500 million, subject to customary terms and conditions. On November 16, 2021, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement that provides for commitments of up to 300 million on the Unsecured Credit Facility. Our Unsecured Credit Facility matures in November 2025 and may be extended 12 months at the Company s option upon meeting certain conditions. Borrowings under our Unsecured Credit Facility bear an interest at a rate equal to the LIBOR rate plus a margin of between 125 to 225 basis points depending upon the Company s consolidated leverage ratio. Combined with the Company s five-year Term Loan, described further below, the total authorized borrowings increased from 300 million to 350 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 200.5 million outstanding under our Unsecured Credit Facility and a 4.2 million letter of credit to satisfy escrow requirements for a mortgage lender. 

 On September 27, 2019, the Company entered into the five-year Term Loan, increasing its authorized borrowings under the Company s Unsecured Credit Facility from 250 million to 300 million. Borrowings under the Term Loan bear interest at a rate equal to the LIBOR rate plus a margin between 125 to 215 basis points depending upon the Company s consolidated leverage ratio. In conjunction with the Term Loan, the Company also entered into the five-year Interest Rate Swap for a notional amount of 50 million. Pursuant to the Interest Rate Swap, the Company will pay a fixed rate of approximately 1.27 of the notional amount annually, payable monthly, and receive floating rate 30-day
 LIBOR payments. 

54 

Table of Contents 
 On February 26, 2020, the Company and the Operating Partnership entered into equity distribution agreements (collectively, the Agreements with each of KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Raymond James Associates, Inc., BMO Capital Markets Corp., RBC Capital Markets, LLC, B. Riley FBR, Inc., D.A. Davidson Co. and Janney Montgomery Scott LLC (the Sales Agents pursuant to which the Company may issue and sell from time to time up to 15,000,000 shares of common stock and up to 1,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock through the Sales Agents, acting as agents or principals (the ATM Program ). On May 7, 2021 the Company delivered to D.A. Davidson Co. a notice of termination of the Agreement, effective May 7, 2021. The Company did not issue any shares of common stock or Series A Preferred Stock under the ATM Program during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

 During the second half of 2022, the lenders for two of our mortgage borrowings have elected their right to escrow property level cash flow for the purpose of meeting future payment, tenant improvement and capital obligations. For these two properties, the total restricted cash as of December 31, 2022 was 6.4 million. 

 After considering the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on our consolidated operations, it is possible that we could fail certain financial covenants within certain property-level mortgage borrowings. For mortgages with financial covenants, the lenders remedy of a covenant failure would be a requirement to escrow funds for the purpose of meeting our future debt payment obligations. 

 Our short-term liquidity requirements primarily consist of operating expenses and other expenditures associated with our properties, distributions to our limited partners and distributions to our stockholders required to qualify for REIT status, capital expenditures and, potentially, acquisitions. We expect to meet our short-term liquidity requirements through net cash provided by operations and reserves established from existing cash. We have further sources such as proceeds from our public offerings, including under our ATM program, and borrowings under our mortgage loans and our Unsecured Credit Facility. 

 Our long-term liquidity needs consist primarily of funds necessary for the repayment of debt at maturity, property acquisitions and non-recurring
 capital improvements. We expect to meet our long-term liquidity requirements with net cash from operations, long-term secured and unsecured indebtedness and the issuance of equity and debt securities. We also may fund property acquisitions and non-recurring
 capital improvements using our Unsecured Credit Facility pending longer term financing. 
 We believe we have access to multiple sources of capital to fund our long-term liquidity requirements, including the incurrence of additional debt and the issuance of additional equity securities. However, we cannot assure you that this is or will continue to be the case. Our ability to incur additional debt is dependent on a number of factors, including our degree of leverage, interest rates, the value of our unencumbered assets and borrowing restrictions that may be imposed by lenders. Our ability to access the equity capital markets is dependent on a number of factors as well, including general market conditions for REITs and market perceptions about us. 

55 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated Indebtedness as of December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 693.8 million of outstanding consolidated principal indebtedness, 71.1 of which is effectively fixed rate debt when factoring in an interest rate swap. The following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2022 with respect to our outstanding indebtedness (in thousands). 

Property

December 31,

 2022

Interest Rate as of December 31, 2022 (1)

Maturity

Unsecured Credit Facility (3)(4)

200,500 

LIBOR +1.30 (2)

November 2025 

Term Loan (3)

50,000 

LIBOR +1.25 (2)

September 2024 

Mission City

46,859 

3.78 

November 2027 

Canyon Park (5)

39,673 

4.30 

March 2027 

Circle Point

39,440 

4.49 

September 2028 

190 Office Center (6)

38,894 

4.79 

October 2025 

SanTan

32,140 

4.56 

March 2027 

Intellicenter

31,297 

4.65 

October 2025 

The Quad

30,600 

4.20 

September 2028 

2525 McKinnon

27,000 

4.24 

April 2027 

FRP Collection

26,784 

3.10 

September 2023 

Greenwood Blvd

21,396 

3.15 

December 2025 

Cascade Station

21,192 

4.55 

May 2024 

5090 N. 40 th
 St

20,810 

3.92 

January 2027 

AmberGlen

20,000 

3.69 

May 2027 

Central Fairwinds

16,273 

3.15 

June 2024 

FRP Ingenuity Drive (7)

16,165 

4.44 

December 2024 

Carillon Point

14,773 

3.10 

October 2023 

Total Principal

693,796 

Deferred financing costs, net

(3,887) 

Unamortized fair value adjustments

190 

Total

690,099 

(1) 
 All interest rates are fixed interest rates with the exception of the Unsecured Credit Facility and the Term Loan, as explained in footnotes 3 and 4 below. 

(2) 
 As of December 31, 2022, the one-month
 LIBOR rate was 4.39 . 

(3) 
 In September 2019, the Company entered into a five-year 50 million Term Loan increasing its authorized borrowings under the Unsecured Credit Facility from 250 million to 300 million. Borrowings under the Term Loan bear interest at a rate equal to the LIBOR rate plus a margin between 125 to 215 basis points depending upon the Company s consolidated leverage ratio. In conjunction with the Term Loan, the Company also entered into the five-year Interest Rate Swap for a notional amount of 50 million. Pursuant to the Interest Rate Swap, the Company will pay a fixed rate of approximately 1.27 of the notional amount annually, payable monthly, and receive floating rate 30-day
 LIBOR payments. 

(4) 
 In March 2018, the Company entered into the Credit Agreement for the Unsecured Credit Facility that provides for commitments of up to 250 million, which includes an accordion feature that allows the Company to borrow up to 500 million, subject to customary terms and conditions. On November 16, 2021, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement for the Unsecured Credit Facility that provides for commitments of up to 300 million. Combined with the Company s existing Term Loan, the total authorized borrowings increased from 300 million to 350 million. The Unsecured Credit Facility matures in November 2025 and may be extended 12 months at the Company s option upon meeting certain conditions. Borrowings under the Unsecured Credit Facility bear interest at a rate equal to the LIBOR rate plus a margin of between 125 to 225 basis points depending upon the Company s consolidated leverage ratio. As of December 31, 2022, the Unsecured Credit Facility had 200.5 million drawn and a 4.2 million letter of credit to satisfy escrow requirements for a mortgage lender. The Unsecured Credit Facility requires the Company to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of no less than 1.50x. 

56 

Table of Contents 

(5) 
 The mortgage loan anticipated repayment date ARD is March 1, 2027. The final scheduled maturity date can be extended up to 5 years beyond the ARD. If the loan is not paid off at ARD, loan s interest rate shall be adjusted to the greater of (i) the initial interest rate plus 200 basis points or (ii) the yield on the five year on the run treasury reported by Bloomberg market data service plus 450 basis points. 

(6) 
 In Q4 2022, a cash-sweep began for the 190 Office Center loan due to the non-renewal
 of the minimum square footage of a major tenant in the building. A cash-sweep results in excess funds being held in escrow to fund future leasing costs related to the major tenant s space. As of December 31, 2022, total restricted cash for the property was 3.8 million. 

(7) 
 As of September 30, 2022, the Debt Service Coverage Ratio DSCR covenant for FRP Ingenuity Drive was not met, which triggered a cash-sweep event that began in Q4 2022 where excess funds have been held in escrow to fund future tenant improvement expenses of current vacant space. As of December 31, 2022, total restricted cash for the property was 2.6 million. 

Contractual Obligations and Other Long-Term Liabilities 

The following table provides information with respect to our commitments as of December 31, 2022, including any guaranteed or minimum commitments under contractual obligations. The table does not reflect available debt extension options. 

Payments Due by Period 

(in thousands) 

Contractual Obligations

Total

2023

2024-2025

2026-2027

More than

 5 years

Principal payments on mortgage loans

693,796 

47,980 

400,977 

180,719 

64,120 

Interest payments (1)

100,611 

30,506 

52,163 

15,860 

2,082 

Tenant-related commitments

14,795 

14,795 

Lease obligations

37,046 

663 

1,555 

1,327 

33,501 

Total

846,248 

93,944 

454,695 

197,906 

99,703 

(1) 
 Contracted interest on the floating rate borrowings under our Unsecured Credit Facility was calculated based on the balance and interest rate at December 31, 2022. Contracted interest on the Term Loan was calculated based on the Interest Rate Swap rate fixing the LIBOR component of the borrowing rate to approximately 1.27 . 

Inflation 

We believe that we are less susceptible to the negative economic effects that inflation may have on our industry due to the presence of expense pass through provisions in our leases and the predominance of fixed contractual interest rates on our indebtedness. 

 Substantially all of our office leases include expense reimbursements that provide for property operating expense escalations. In addition, most of the leases provide for fixed rent increases. We believe that inflationary increases may be at least partially offset by these contractual rent increases and expense escalations. However, a longer period of inflation could affect our cash flows or earnings, or impact our borrowings, as discussed elsewhere in this Report. 

 As of December 31, 2022, 71.1 of our outstanding consolidated indebtedness was effectively fixed rate debt when factoring in an interest rate swap. A portion of the balance relates to the Term Loan against which we have applied the Interest Rate Swap. The Interest Rate Swap effectively fixes the 30-day LIBOR rate at approximately 1.27 until maturity of the Term Loan. 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Our future income, cash flows and fair values relevant to financial instruments are dependent upon prevailing market interest rates. Market risk refers to the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and 

57 

Table of Contents 
 interest rates. We use derivative financial instruments to manage or hedge interest rate risks related to borrowings. We do not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes and only enter into contracts with major financial institutions based upon their credit rating and other factors. We have entered, and we will only enter into, contracts with major financial institutions based on their credit rating and other factors. See Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 for more information regarding our derivatives. 
 The primary market risk to which we are exposed is interest rate risk. Our primary interest rate exposure is LIBOR. We primarily use fixed interest rate financing to manage our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. The Financial Conduct Authority (the authority that regulates LIBOR) has announced that it intends to stop compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR by June 30, 2023. The ARRC has proposed that SOFR is the rate that represents best practice as the alternative to LIBOR, and in some cases, the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR published by CME Group Benchmark Administration Ltd CME Term SOFR ). ARRC has proposed a paced market transition plan to SOFR from LIBOR and organizations are currently working on industry-wide and company specific transition plans as it relates to derivatives and cash markets exposed to LIBOR. There are significant differences between LIBOR and SOFR, such as LIBOR being an unsecured lending rate while SOFR is a secured lending rate, and SOFR is an overnight rate while LIBOR reflects term rates at different maturities. We currently have contracts that are indexed to LIBOR and expect that all LIBOR settings relevant to us will cease to be published or will no longer be representative after June 30, 2023. As a result, we expect to amend our LIBOR-based borrowings to reflect SOFR beginning in the first quarter of 2023. The differences between LIBOR and SOFR, plus the recommended spread adjustment, could result in interest costs that are higher than if LIBOR remained available, which could have a material adverse effect on our results. Although SOFR is the ARRC s recommended replacement rate, it is also possible that lenders may instead choose alternative replacement rates that may differ from LIBOR in ways similar to SOFR or in other ways that would result in higher borrowing costs for us. It is not yet possible to predict the magnitude of LIBOR s end on our borrowing costs given the uncertainty about which rates will replace LIBOR and the timing of actual replacement. 

 On March 15, 2022, President Biden signed the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act (the Act ), which transitions contracts that use LIBOR as a benchmark for adjustable interest rates to another benchmark, once LIBOR is permanently discontinued after June 30, 2023. The Act provides, among other things, that a default alternative benchmark based on SOFR published by the New York Federal Reserve Bank will automatically apply after the LIBOR replacement date for any contract that does not select a benchmark replacement for LIBOR or identify a person authorized to select a benchmark replacement after LIBOR is permanently discontinued. The Act also provides that if the SOFR-based benchmark replacement is selected to replace LIBOR, the person responsible under a contract for determining values is not required to obtain the consent of anyone before determining values based on that benchmark replacement. The Act further creates a safe harbor by ensuring that the SOFR-based benchmark replacement is by law a commercially reasonable replacement for LIBOR, that the use of that benchmark replacement cannot be deemed a breach of a contract or an impairment of the right of any person to receive payment under that contract, and that no person can be liable for selecting or using that benchmark replacement. The Act further authorizes the Board of the Federal Reserve to promulgate regulations under the statute to designate specific SOFR-based rates that incorporate the statutory spread adjustments as replacement rates for covered LIBOR contracts. The Federal Reserve s final rules were issued in December 2022 and provide for the following SOFR-based replacement rates: (i) SOFR compounded in arrears for derivatives, using the same methodology as under the International Swaps and Derivatives Association protocol, (ii) CME Term SOFR for all covered cash products, except Federal Housing Finance Agency FHFA -regulated entity contracts and (iii) a 30-day compounded SOFR average for certain FHFA-regulated entity contracts. We are evaluating the impact of the final rules on assets and liabilities covered by the legislation and will continue to consider all available options. However, we believe that the Act should provide some measure of certainty with respect to the treatment of such instruments once LIBOR is permanently discontinued. We are monitoring the developments with respect to the phasing out of LIBOR and are working with our lenders to minimize the impact of any LIBOR transition on our financial condition and results of operations, but can provide no assurances regarding the impact of the discontinuation of LIBOR. 

58 

Table of Contents 
 We currently consider our interest rate exposure to be moderate because as of December 31, 2022, approximately 493.3 million, or 71.1 , of our debt had fixed interest rates, or effectively fixed rates when factoring in an interest rate swap, and 200.5 million, or 28.9 , had variable interest rates. The 493.3 million fixed rate debt includes the 50.0 million Term Loan against which we have applied the Interest Rate Swap. The Interest Rate Swap effectively fixes the 30-day LIBOR rate at approximately 1.27 until maturity of the Term Loan. An increase of 1 in LIBOR would result in a 2.0 million increase to our annual interest costs on debt outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and would decrease the fair value of our outstanding debt, as well as increase interest costs associated with future debt issuances or borrowings under our Unsecured Credit Facility. A 1 decrease in LIBOR would result in a 2.0 million decrease to our annual interest costs on debt outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and would increase the fair value of our outstanding debt, as well as decrease interest costs associated with future debt issuances or borrowings under our Unsecured Credit Facility. 

 Interest rate risk amounts are our management s estimates based on our Company s capital structure and were determined by considering the effect of hypothetical interest rates on our financial instruments. These analyses do not consider the effect of any change in overall economic activity that could occur in that environment. We may take actions to further mitigate our exposure to changes in interest rates. However, due to the uncertainty of the specific actions that would be taken and their possible effects, these analyses assume no changes in our Company s financial structure. 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The information required by Item 8 is included as a separate section in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
 Refer to Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)
 under the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is processed, recorded, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and regulations of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 We have carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, regarding the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based on the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded, as of December 31, 2022, that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act (i) is processed, recorded, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

59 

Table of Contents 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of Company assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of Company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected.

 Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by KPMG LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report, as stated in their report, which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

60 

Table of Contents 
 PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The information required by Item 10 is incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 annual stockholders meeting. 

 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required by Item 11 is incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 annual stockholders meeting. 

 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information required by Item 12 is incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 annual stockholders meeting. 

 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information required by Item 13 is incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 annual stockholders meeting. 

 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Fees Paid to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The information required by Item 14 is incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 annual stockholders meeting. 

 PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

61 

Table of Contents 

CITY OFFICE REIT, INC. 

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULE 

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 

63

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

67

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 

68

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 

69

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 

70

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 

71

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

72

Schedule III Real Estate Properties and Accumulated Depreciation 

89

62 

Table of Contents 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 

City Office REIT, Inc. 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of City Office REIT, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule III (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

63 

Table of Contents 
 Revenue recognition for new and modified lease arrangements 

As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company generally recognizes lease revenue on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. The timing and amount of revenue recognized on a straight-line basis for new and modified leases is impacted by the determination of who is the accounting owner of the tenant improvements of the leased space for accounting purposes. The cost to construct tenant improvements is either recorded as a reduction of lease revenue on a straight-line basis over the lease term or as a capital asset amortized on a straight-line basis over the lease term, depending on whether the tenant improvements are determined to be owned by the Company or the tenant. As discussed in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reported 179.0 million of lease revenue, which includes revenue related to new and modified lease arrangements. 

We identified the assessment of the Company s determination of revenue recognition on a straight-line basis for new and modified lease arrangements as a critical audit matter. Assessing the determination of the ownership of tenant improvements and the impact on revenue recognized required complex auditor judgment and increased extent of audit effort. 

The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s process over recognition of lease revenue for new and modified lease arrangements. This included controls related to the assessment of the ownership of tenant improvements and the accuracy of straight-line rent calculations. We examined a selection of new and modified lease arrangements and (1) compared the terms contained in the lease agreements to the factors assessed by the Company and (2) evaluated whether the costs incurred, incentives granted, and payments made in connection with the new or modified lease arrangements were tenant improvements owned by the Company or lease incentives. For this selection of new and modified lease arrangements, we assessed whether the straight-line lease revenue calculations were consistent with the conclusions on the ownership of tenant improvements. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 

Chartered Professional Accountants 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2013. 

Vancouver, Canada 

February 23, 2023 

64 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 

City Office REIT, Inc. 

Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

We have audited City Office REIT, Inc. s (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule III (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 

Basis for Opinion 

The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

65 

Table of Contents 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ 

Chartered Professional Accountants 

February 23, 2023 

66 

Table of Contents 

City Office REIT, Inc. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(In thousands, except par value and share data) 

December 31,

 2022

December 31,

 2021

Assets

Real estate properties

Land

Building and improvement

Tenant improvement

Furniture, fixtures and equipment

Accumulated depreciation

() 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents

Restricted cash

Rents receivable, net

Deferred leasing costs, net

Acquired lease intangible assets, net

Other assets

Total Assets

Liabilities and Equity

Liabilities:

Debt

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

Deferred rent

Tenant rent deposits

Acquired lease intangible liabilities, net

Other liabilities

Total Liabilities

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 10)

Equity:

Series A Preferred stock, par value per share, shares authorized, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021

Additional paid-in
 capital

Retained earnings

Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)

() 

Total Stockholders Equity

Non-controlling
 interests in properties

Total Equity

Total Liabilities and Equity

Subsequent Events (Note 13) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements

. 

67

Table of Contents 

City Office REIT, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

Years Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Rental and other revenues

Operating expenses:

Property operating expenses

General and administrative

Depreciation and amortization

Impairment of real estate

Total operating expenses

Operating income

Interest expense:

Contractual interest expense

() 

() 

() 
 
 Amortization of deferred financing costs and debt fair value

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net gain on sale of real estate property

Net income

Less:

Net income attributable to non-controlling
 interests in properties

() 

() 

() 

Net income attributable to the Company

Preferred stock distributions

() 

() 

() 

Net income/(loss) attributable to common stockholders

() 

Net income/(loss) per common share:

Basic

() 

Diluted

() 

Weighted average common shares outstanding:

Basic

Diluted

Dividend distributions declared per common share

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements

. 

68

Table of Contents 

City Office REIT, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

(In thousands) 

Years Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Net income

Other comprehensive income/(loss):

Unrealized cash flow hedge gain/(loss)

() 
 
 Amounts reclassified to interest expense

() 

Other comprehensive income/(loss)

() 

Comprehensive income

Less:

Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling
 interests in properties

() 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income attributable to the Company

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements

. 

69

Table of Contents 

City Office REIT, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 

(In thousands) 

Number of shares

 of

 preferred stock

Preferred

 stock

Number

 of

 shares of common stock

Common

 stock

Additional

 paid-in

capital

Retained earnings/

 (accumulated

 deficit)

Accumulated

 other comprehensive income/(loss)

Total

 stockholders 

 equity

Non-controlling

interests in

 properties

Total

 equity

Balance January 1, 2020

() 

Restricted stock award grants and vesting

() 

Common stock repurchased

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Common stock dividend distribution declared

() 

() 

() 
 
 Preferred stock dividend distribution declared

() 

() 

() 
 
 Contributions

Distributions

() 

() 
 
 Net income

Other comprehensive loss

() 

() 

() 

Balance December 31, 2020

() 

() 

Restricted stock award grants and vesting

() 

Common stock dividend distribution declared

() 

() 

() 
 
 Preferred stock dividend distribution declared

() 

() 

() 
 
 Contributions

Distributions

() 

() 
 
 Net income

Other comprehensive income

Balance December 31, 2021

() 

Restricted stock award grants and vesting

() 

Common stock repurchased

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Common stock dividend distribution declared

() 

() 

() 
 
 Preferred stock dividend distribution declared

() 

() 

() 
 
 Contributions

Distributions

() 

() 
 
 Net income

Other comprehensive income

Balance December 31, 2022

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements

. 

70

Table of Contents 

City Office REIT, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(In thousands)

Years Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization

Amortization of deferred financing costs and debt fair value

Amortization of above and below market leases

() 
 
 Straight-line rent/expense

() 

() 

() 
 
 Non-cash
 stock compensation

Receipts from sales-type lease

Net gain on sale of real estate property

() 

() 

() 
 
 Impairment of real estate

Changes in non-cash
 working capital:

Rents receivable, net

() 

() 

() 
 
 Other assets

() 

() 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

() 
 
 Deferred rent

() 

Tenant rent deposits

() 

Net Cash Provided By Operating Activities

Cash Flows to Investing Activities:

Additions to real estate properties

() 

() 

() 
 
 Acquisition of real estate

() 

Net proceeds from sale of real estate

Deferred leasing costs

() 

() 

() 

Net Cash Used In Investing Activities

() 

() 

() 

Cash Flows to Financing Activities:

Proceeds from borrowings

Repayment of borrowings

() 

() 

() 
 
 Dividend distributions paid to stockholders

() 

() 

() 
 
 Repurchases of common stock

() 

() 
 
 Distributions to non-controlling
 interests in properties

() 

() 

() 
 
 Shares withheld for payment of taxes on restricted stock unit vesting

() 

() 

() 
 
 Contributions from non-controlling
 interests in properties

Debt issuance and extinguishment costs

() 

Net Cash Used In By Financing Activities

() 

() 

() 

Net Increase/(Decrease) in Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash

() 

() 
 
 Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, Beginning of Period

Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, End of Period

Reconciliation of Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash:

Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Period

Restricted Cash, End of Period

Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, End of Period

Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information:

Cash paid for interest

Purchase of additions in real estate properties included in accounts payable

Purchase of deferred leasing costs included in accounts payable

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements

. 

71

Table of Contents 

City Office REIT, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

. On , the Company completed its initial public offering IPO of shares of the Company s common stock. The Company contributed the net proceeds of the IPO to City Office REIT Operating Partnership, L.P., a Maryland limited partnership (the Operating Partnership ), in exchange for common units of limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership common units ). 

The Company s interest in the Operating Partnership entitles the Company to share in distributions from, and allocations of profits and losses of, the Operating Partnership in proportion to the Company s percentage ownership of common units. As the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, the Company has the exclusive power under the Operating Partnership s partnership agreement to manage and conduct the Operating Partnership s business, subject to limited approval and voting rights of the limited partners. 

The Company has elected to be taxed and will continue to operate in a manner that will allow it to continue to qualify as a real estate investment trust REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). Subject to qualification as a REIT, the Company will be permitted to deduct dividend distributions paid to its stockholders, eliminating the U.S. federal taxation of income represented by such distributions at the Company level. REITs are subject to a number of organizational and operational requirements. If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, the Company will be subject to U.S. federal and state income tax on its taxable income at regular corporate tax rates and, for years prior to 2018, any applicable alternative minimum tax. 

- 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment

- 
 
 Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred.

of its REIT taxable income (computed without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains) to its stockholders, and meet the various other requirements imposed by the Code relating to matters such as operating results, asset holdings, distribution levels and diversity of stock ownership. Provided the Company qualifies for taxation as a REIT, it is generally not subject to U.S. federal corporate-level income tax on the earnings distributed currently to its stockholders. If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, the Company will be subject to U.S. federal and state income tax on its taxable income at regular corporate tax rates and, for years prior to 2018, any applicable alternative minimum tax. In addition, the Company may not be able to re-elect
 as a REIT for the four subsequent taxable years. From time to time, the Company has elected to treat certain subsidiaries as TRSs. A TRS is treated as a regular corporation and is subject to federal income tax and applicable state income and franchise taxes at regular corporate rates. 

Straight-line receivables (unbilled receivables)

Total rents receivable

As of December 31, 2022, the Company s allowance for doubtful accounts was million. As of December 31, 2021, the Company s allowance for doubtful accounts was million. 

The Terraces

Block 23

5910 Pacific Center and 9985 Pacific Heights
 (1)

(1)

5910 Pacific Center and 9985 Pacific Heights were added to the existing Sorrento Mesa portfolio of properties (collectively Sorrento Mesa ). The Sorrento Mesa portfolio was subsequently sold in December 2021. 

Building and improvements

Tenant improvements

Lease intangible assets

Other assets

Accounts payable and other liabilities

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Lease intangible liabilities

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net assets acquired

As part of the Block 23 acquisition, the Company was assigned an agreement from the prior owner for a billboard asset located at the property. The Company and a third party each hold a undivided interest in the billboard and the related debt associated with the asset. The Company has accounted for this arrangement under the equity method. As of the acquisition date, the fair value assigned to the equity method investment was million, which was included in other assets. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s interest in the asset and the debt are million and million, respectively. 

 Sale of Real Estate Property 

During the first quarter of 2022, the sole tenant at the Lake Vista Pointe property exercised its lease option to purchase the building and the Company signed a purchase and sale agreement with the tenant. At the time the tenant exercised the option, the Company reassessed the lease classification of the lease, in accordance with ASC 842 Leases, and determined that the lease should be reclassified from an operating lease to a sales-type lease. This reclassification resulted in a gain on sale of 

million net of disposal related costs. On June 15, 2022, the Company sold the Lake Vista Pointe property in Dallas, Texas for a gross sales price of million. 

 On December 2, 2021, the Company sold the Sorrento Mesa portfolio Sorrento Mesa in San Diego, California for a gross sales price of million, resulting in an aggregate gain of million net of million of disposal-related costs. All the property gains have been classified as a net gain on sale of real estate property in the consolidated statements of operations. 

 On February 10, 2021, the Company sold the Cherry Creek property in Denver, Colorado for a gross sales price of million, resulting in an aggregate gain of million net of disposal-related costs. 

 On July 23, 2020, the Company sold a land parcel at the Circle Point property in Denver, Colorado for million, resulting in an aggregate gain of million net of disposal-related costs. 

 Impairment of Real Estate 

In December 2022, the Company determined there were indicators of impairment for two of its properties, which resulted in the Company recognizing impairment of real estate for 

million. The impairment was related to the write down of the carrying amount of 

 190
 Office Center in Dallas, Texas and Cascade Station in Portland, Oregon for 

million and 

million, respectively, to fair value. Fair value was determined based either 

on recent comparable sales transactions 

 (adjusted for relevant factors such as the size, quality and

impairment of real estate during the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. 

) 

) 

) 

Accumulated amortization

() 

() 

() 

) 

) 

) 

Lease Intangible Assets

Lease Intangible Liabilities

December 31, 2021

Above

 Market Leases

In Place

 Leases

Leasing Commissions

Total

Below Market Leases

Below Market Ground Lease

Total

Cost

) 

) 

) 

Accumulated amortization

() 

() 

() 

() 

) 

) 

) 

2024

2025

2026

2027

Thereafter

7 9

Table of Contents 

LIBOR + 
 (2)

Term Loan (3)

LIBOR + 
 (2)

Mission City

Canyon Park (5)

Circle Point

190 Office Center (6)

SanTan

Intellicenter

The Quad

2525 McKinnon

FRP Collection

Greenwood Blvd

Cascade Station

5090 N. 40th St

AmberGlen

Central Fairwinds

FRP Ingenuity Drive (7)

Carillon Point

Lake Vista Pointe (8)

Total Principal

Deferred financing costs, net

() 

() 

Unamortized fair value adjustments

Total

(1)
 
 All interest rates are fixed interest rates with the exception of the Unsecured Credit Facility and the Term Loan, as explained in footnotes 3 and 4 below. 

(2)
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the one-month
 LIBOR rate was .

(3) 
 In September 2019, the Company entered into a five-year million Term Loan increasing its authorized borrowings under the Unsecured Credit Facility from million to million. Borrowings under the Term Loan bear interest at a rate equal to the LIBOR rate plus a margin between to basis points depending upon the Company s consolidated leverage ratio. In conjunction with the Term Loan, the Company also entered into the five-year Interest Rate Swap for a notional amount of million. Pursuant to the Interest Rate Swap, the Company will pay a fixed rate of approximately of the notional amount annually, payable monthly, and receive floating rate 30-day
 LIBOR payments. 

(4) 
 In March 2018, the Company entered into the Credit Agreement for the Unsecured Credit Facility that provides for commitments of up to million, which includes an accordion feature that allows the Company to borrow up to million, subject to customary terms and conditions. On November 16, 2021, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement for the Unsecured Credit Facility that provides for commitments of up to million. Combined with the Company s existing five-year
 Term Loan, the total authorized borrowings increased from million to million. The Unsecured Credit Facility matures in November 2025 and may be extended 12 months at the Company s option upon meeting certain conditions. Borrowings under the Unsecured Credit Facility bear interest at a rate equal to the LIBOR rate plus a margin of between to basis points depending upon the Company s consolidated leverage ratio. As of December 31, 2022, the Unsecured Credit Facility had million drawn and a million letter of credit to satisfy escrow requirements for a mortgage lender. The Unsecured Credit Facility requires the Company to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of no less than x. 

(5)
 
 The mortgage loan anticipated repayment date ARD is March 1, 2027. The final scheduled maturity date can be extended up to 5 years beyond the ARD. If the loan is not paid off at ARD, loan s interest rate shall be adjusted to the greater of (i) the initial interest rate plus 
 basis points or (ii) the yield on the five year on the run treasury reported by Bloomberg market data service plus 
 basis points. 

80

Table of Contents 
 
 million. 

(7)
 
 As of September 30, 2022, the Debt Service Coverage Ratio DSCR covenant for FRP Ingenuity Drive was not met, which triggered a cash-sweep event that began in Q4 2022 where excess funds have been held in escrow to fund future tenant improvement expenses of current vacant space. As of December 31, 2022, total restricted cash for the property was million. 

(8)
 
 In June 2022, the loan balance of 
 million was repaid in full. 

2024

2025

2026

2027

Thereafter

million. Pursuant to the Interest Rate Swap, the Company will pay a fixed rate of approximately of the notional amount annually, payable monthly, and receive floating rate 30-day
 LIBOR payments. 
 The Interest Rate Swap has been designated and qualifies as a cash flow hedge and has been recognized on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. The fair value of the Interest Rate Swap has been classified as a Level 2 fair value measurement. Gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair value of derivatives that have been designated and qualify as cash flow hedges are reported as a component of other comprehensive income and reclassified into earnings in the periods during which the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. 

 As of December 31, 2022, the Interest Rate Swap was reported as an asset at its fair value of approximately million, which is included in other assets on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. For the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 
 million of net realized gains were reclassified to interest expense due to payments received from the swap counterparty. 

As of December 31, 2021, the Interest Rate Swap was reported as a liability at its fair value of approximately million, which is included in other liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. For the year ended December 31, 2021, approximately million of realized losses were reclassified to interest expense due to payments made to the swap counterparty.

 Cash and Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash, Rents Receivable, Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities 

The Company estimates that the fair value approximates carrying value due to the relatively short-term nature of these instruments. 

million and million (compared to a carrying value of million and million) as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Accordingly, the fair value of mortgage loans payable have been classified as Level 3 fair value measurements. 

 for the first twelve months following the Effective Date and thereafter an amount equal to of the management fee paid to SCRE II by the fund managed by SCRE II. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company earned million, million, and million, respectively, in administrative services performed for SCRE II and its affiliates. 

On July 31, 2019, an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company entered into an administrative services agreement with Clarity Real Estate III GP, Limited Partnership and Clarity Real Estate Ventures GP, Limited Partnership (together, Clarity ), entities affiliated with principals of Second City and officers of the Company. Pursuant to the Administrative Services Agreement, the Company will provide various administrative services and support to the related entities managing the Clarity funds. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company earned 

 million in administrative services performed for Clarity. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company earned million in administrative services performed for Clarity. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company earned million in administrative services performed for Clarity. 

Variable payment s

The Company recognized interest income of million and variable lease payments of million for the sales-type lease at the Lake Vista Pointe property for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

2024

2025

2026

2027

Thereafter

The Company s leases may include various provisions such as sch e
duled rent increases, renewal options, purchase options and termination options. The majority of the Company s leases include defined rent increase rather than variable payments based on an index or unknown rate. 

 Lessee Accounting 

As a lessee, the Company has ground and office leases which are classified as operating and financing leases. As of December 31, 2022, these leases had remaining terms of under to years and a weighted average remaining lease term of years. 

Lease l iability operatin g leases

Right -of-use

 asset financing leases

Lease liability financing leases 

Lease liabilities are measured at the commencement date based on the present value of future lease payments. One of the Company s operating ground leases includes rental payment increases ov e
r the lease term based on increases in the Consumer Price Index CPI ). Changes in the CPI were not estimated as part of the measurement of the operating lease liability. As most of the Company s leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of future payments. The Company used a weighted average discount rate of in determining its lease liabilities. The discount rates were derived from the Company s assessment of the credit quality of the Company and adjusted to reflect secured borrowing, estimated yield curves and long-term spread adjustments. 

million and million, respectively. Financing lease expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was million. Financing lease expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 was nominal. 

2024

2025

2026

2027

Thereafter

Total future minimum lease payments

Discount

() 

() 

Total

84

Table of Contents 

Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling
 interests in properties

() 

() 

() 
 
 Less: Net income attributable to preferred stockholders

() 

() 

() 

Numerator for basic and diluted EPS

() 

Denominator for basic EPS

Dilutive effect of RSUs and PSUs

Denominator for dilutive EPS

Net income/(loss) per common share:

Basic

() 
 
 Dilutive

() shares of our Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock ), par value per share to the public at a price of per share. The Company raised million in gross proceeds, resulting in net proceeds to the Company of approximately million after deducting million in underwriting discounts and expenses related to the offering. On October 28, 2016, the Company issued an additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to the partial exercise of the underwriters overallotment option, raising an additional million in gross proceeds before underwriting discounts and expenses. The preferred stock is perpetual and from October 4, 2021, the Company may at its option redeem the Preferred Stock in whole or in part at a redemption price equal to per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not declared) to, but not including the date of redemption.

shares of common stock and up to
 
 shares of Series A Preferred Stock through the Sales Agents, acting as agents or principals (the ATM Program ). On May 7, 2021 the Company delivered to D.A. Davidson Co. a notice of termination of the Agreement, effective May 7, 2021. The Company did not issue any shares of common stock or Series A Preferred Stock under the ATM Program during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. 

Share Repurchase Plan

million of its outstanding shares of common stock. In July 2020, the Company completed the full March 2020 share repurchase plan. On August 5, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors approved an additional share repurchase plan authorizing the Company to repurchase up to an additional aggregate amount of million of its outstanding shares of common stock. In September 2022, the Company completed the full August 2020 share repurchase plan. Under the share repurchase programs, the shares may be repurchased from time to time using a variety of methods, which may include open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, all in accordance with the rules of the SEC and other applicable legal requirements.

shares of its common stock for approximately million. There were shares repurchased during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company completed the repurchase of shares of its common stock for approximately million. 

 Common Stock and Common Unit Distributions 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company declared aggregate cash distributions to common stockholders and common unitholders of million. The Company paid aggregate cash distributions of million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 
 million was payable as of December 31, 2022, which is included within other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 

April 1, 2022 June 30, 2022

July 1, 2022 September 30, 2022

October 1, 2022 December 31, 2022

Total

Preferred Stock Distributions 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company declared aggregate cash distributions to preferred stockholders of million. The Company paid aggregate cash distributions of million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 
 million was payable as of December 31, 2022, which is included within in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.

Equity Incentive Plan

The Company has an equity incentive plan Equity Incentive Plan for executive officers, directors and certain non-executive
 employees, and with approval of the Board of Directors, for subsidiaries and their respective affiliates. The Equity Incentive Plan provides for grants of restricted common stock, restricted stock units, phantom shares, stock options, dividend equivalent rights and other equity-based awards (including LTIP Units), subject to the total number of shares available for issuance under the plan. The Equity Incentive Plan is administered by the compensation committee of the Board of Directors (the Plan Administrator ). On May 4, 2022, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the Equity Incentive Plan increasing the maximum number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the Equity Incentive Plan from 
 shares to 
 shares. To the extent an award granted under the Equity Incentive Plan expires or terminates, the shares subject to any portion of the award that expires or terminates without having been exercised or paid, as the case may be, will again become available for the issuance of additional awards.

measurement period beginning January 1 of the year of grant (the Measurement Period relative to the TSR of a defined peer group list of other US Office REIT companies (the Peer Group as of the first trading date in the year of grant. To the extent earned, the payouts of the Performance RSU Awards are intended to be settled in the form of shares of the Company s common stock, pursuant to the Equity Incentive Plan. Upon satisfaction of the vesting conditions, dividend equivalents in an amount equal to all regular and special dividends declared with respect to the Company s common stock during each annual measurement period during the Measurement Period are determined and paid on a cumulative, reinvested basis over the term of the applicable Performance RSU Award, at the time such award vests and based on the number of shares of the Company s common stock that are earned. 

Granted

Issuance of dividend equivalents

Vested

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2020

Granted

Issuance of dividend equivalents

Vested

() 

Forfeited

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021

Granted

Issuance of dividend equivalents

Vested

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022

2021

2020

The RSU Awards will vest in three equal, annual installments on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant of date. The Performance RSU Awards will vest on the last day of the measurement period.

2021

2020

As of December 31, 2022, there was 

million of unrecognized share-based compensation expense, which will be recognized over the next 

 two

 years

 , with a weighted average period of approximately .

million term loan, increasing its total authorized borrowings from million to 
 million. In conjunction with the 

million term loan, 

the Company also entered into a three-year interest rate swap for a notional amount of 
 million, effectively fixing the rate of the term loan at approximately 
 for a three-year term.

million with a maturity date of , effectively fixing the variable interest rate for million of the Unsecured Credit Facility at approximately 
 
 through
 . 

88

Table of Contents 

Initial Costs to Company

Costs Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition

Gross Amount at Which

 Carried as of December 31,

 2022 (1)

Description

Encumbrances (2)

Land

Buildings and Improvements

Land, Buildings, and Improvements (3)

Land

Building and Improvements

Total

Accumulated Amortization

Year of Construction

Year Acquired

AmberGlen

- 

City Center

Central Fairwinds

Florida Research Park

; 

Superior Pointe

Denver Tech

; 

; 

190 Office Center

() 

Intellicenter

Carillon Point

Park Tower

5090 N 40 th
 St

SanTan

- 

2525 McKinnon

Mission City

- 

Papago Tech

- 

Pima Center

- 

Circle Point

The Quad

Greenwood Blvd

Camelback Square

Canyon Park

; 

Cascade Station

() 

- 

Block 23

The Terraces

Bloc 83

; 

Corporate

Total

(1)
 
 The aggregate cost for federal tax purposes as of December 31, 2022 of our real estate assets was approximately 
 billion. 

(2)
 
 Encumbrances exclude net deferred financing costs of 
 million and unamortized fair value adjustments of 
 million. 

(3)
 
 Includes impairments recorded subsequent to acquisition for 190 Office Center and Cascade Station. 

89

Table of Contents 

Acquisitions

Dispositions and Impairments

Capital improvements

Assets held for sale

Balance, end of year

Accumulated Depreciation

Balance, beginning of year

Depreciation

Dispositions and Impairments

Depreciation on assets held for sale

Balance, end of year

90 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit Number

Description

1.1 
 
 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated February 26, 2020, by and among City Office REIT, Inc., City Office Operating Partnership, L.P. and KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 26, 2020). 

1.2 
 
 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated February 26, 2020, by and among City Office REIT, Inc., City Office Operating Partnership, L.P. and Raymond James Associates, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 26, 2020). 

1.3 
 
 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated February 26, 2020, by and among City Office REIT, Inc., City Office Operating Partnership, L.P. and BMO Capital Markets Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 26, 2020). 

1.4 
 
 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated February 26, 2020, by and among City Office REIT, Inc., City Office Operating Partnership, L.P. and RBC Capital Markets, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 26, 2020). 

1.5 
 
 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated February 26, 2020, by and among City Office REIT, Inc., City Office Operating Partnership, L.P. and B. Riley FBR, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 26, 2020). 

1.6 
 
 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated February 26, 2020, by and among City Office REIT, Inc., City Office Operating Partnership, L.P. and D.A. Davidson Co. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 26, 2020). 

1.7 
 
 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated February 26, 2020, by and among City Office REIT, Inc., City Office Operating Partnership, L.P. and Janney Montgomery Scott LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 26, 2020). 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of the Company, as amended and supplemented (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 1, 2018). 

3.2 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 14, 2017). 

4.1 
 
 Certificate of Common Stock of City Office REIT, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11/A filed with the Commission on February 18, 2014). 

4.2 
 
 Form of certificate representing the 6.625 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, 0.01 par value per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed with the Commission on September 30, 2016). 

4.3 
 
 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 26, 2020). 

10.1 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between City Office REIT, Inc. and its directors and officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11/A filed with the Commission on March 25, 2014). 

91 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number

Description

10.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of City Office REIT Operating Partnership, L.P., dated as of April 21, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 23, 2014). 

10.3 
 
 First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of City Office REIT Operating Partnership, L.P., dated September 30, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 30, 2016). 

10.4 
 
 Second Amendment to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of City Office REIT Operating Partnership, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 14, 2017). 

10.5 
 
 Third Amendment to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of City Office REIT Operating Partnership, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 20, 2017). 

10.6 
 
 Fourth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of City Office REIT Operating Partnership, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 26, 2020). 

10.7 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2016, by and among City Office Management Ltd., Second City Capital II Corporation and Second City Real Estate II Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 5, 2016). 

10.8 
 
 First Amendment to the Administrative Services Agreement, dated October 29, 2018 and effective as of February 1, 2019, by and among City Office Management ULC, Second City Capital II Corporation and Second City Real Estate II Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on November 1, 2018). 

10.9 
 
 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 23, 2014). 

10.10 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the City Officer REIT, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 6, 2019). 

10.11 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 9, 2016). 

10.12 
 
 Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 28, 2020). 

10.13 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2018, by and between City Office Management Ltd. and James Farrar (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 2, 2018). 

10.14 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2019, by and between City Office Management Ltd. and James Farrar (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 1, 2019). 

10.15 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2018, by and between City Office Management Ltd. and Gregory Tylee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 2, 2018). 

92 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number

Description

10.16 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2019, by and between City Office Management Ltd. and Gregory Tylee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 1, 2019). 

10.17 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2018, by and between City Office Management Ltd. and Anthony Maretic (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 2, 2018). 

10.18 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2019, by and between City Office Management Ltd. and Anthony Maretic (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 1, 2019). 

10.19 
 
 Credit Agreement dated as of March 15, 2018 by and among City Office REIT Operating Partnership, L.P., as borrower, City Office REIT, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries, as guarantors, KeyBank National Association, as lender, agent and swing loan lender, the other lending institutions parties named therein, as lenders, and Keybanc Capital Markets, as sole lead arranger and sole book manager (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 21, 2018). 

10.20 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated July 31, 2019, by and among CIO Administrative Services, LLC, Clarity Real Estate III GP, Limited Partnership and Clarity Real Estate Ventures GP, Limited Partnership (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 1, 2019). 

10.21 
 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 16, 2021 by and among City Office REIT Operating Partnership, L.P., as borrower, City Office REIT, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries, as guarantors, KeyBank National Association, as lender, agent and swing loan lender, the other lending institutions parties named therein, as lenders, and Keybanc Capital Markets, as sole lead arranger and sole book manager (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 22, 2021). 

10.22 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of August 4, 2021, by and between City Office Management ULC and James Farrar (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 5, 2021). 

10.23 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of August 4, 2021, by and between City Office Management ULC and Gregory Tylee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 5, 2021). 

10.24 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of August 4, 2021, by and between City Office Management ULC and Anthony Maretic (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 5, 2021). 

10.25 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to the City Office REIT, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan, dated February 24, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on March 16, 2022. 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company 

23.1 
 
 Consent of KPMG LLP 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Annual Report by Chief Executive Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

93 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number

Description

31.2 
 
 Certification of Annual Report by Chief Financial Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 INSTANCE DOCUMENT 

101.SCH 
 
 SCHEMA DOCUMENT 

101.CAL 
 
 CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT 

101.LAB 
 
 LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT 

101.PRE 
 
 PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT 

101.DEF 
 
 DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

Compensatory Plan or arrangement 

Submitted electronically herewith. Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following documents formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Equity; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K
 SUMMARY 

 None. 

94 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CITY OFFICE REIT, INC. 

Date: February 23, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ James Farrar 

James Farrar 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name

Title

Date

/s/ James Farrar

 James Farrar

Chief Executive Officer and Director

 (Principal Executive Officer)

February 23, 2023 

/s/ Anthony Maretic

 Anthony Maretic

Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer

 (Principal Financial Officer and

 Principal Accounting Officer)

February 23, 2023 

/s/ John McLernon

 John McLernon

Independent Director, Chairman of

 Board of Directors

February 23, 2023 

/s/ Mark Murski

 Mark Murski

Independent Director

February 23, 2023 

/s/ William Flatt

 William Flatt

Independent Director

February 23, 2023 

/s/ John Sweet

 John Sweet

Independent Director

February 23, 2023 

/s/ Sabah Mirza

 Sabah Mirza

Independent Director

February 23, 2023 

95 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 d422951dex211.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21.1 

Exhibit 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries of City Office REIT, Inc. 

Name of Subsidiary 
 
 State of Incorporation or Organization 

1. 
 
 City Office REIT Operating Partnership, L.P. 

Maryland 

2. 
 
 City Office Development, LLC 

Delaware 

3. 
 
 CIO Management Buyer LLC 

Delaware 

4. 
 
 City Office Management ULC 

British Columbia 

5. 
 
 Gibralt Amberglen LLC 

Delaware 

6. 
 
 Amberglen Properties Limited Partnership 

Oregon 

7. 
 
 CIO Amberglen, LLC 

Delaware 

8. 
 
 CORE Cherry GP Corp. 

Delaware 

9. 
 
 CORE Cherry Limited Partnership 

Delaware 

10. 
 
 Central Fairwinds GP Corporation 

Florida 

11. 
 
 Central Fairwinds Limited Partnership 

Florida 

12. 
 
 City Center STF GP Corp. 

Florida 

13. 
 
 City Center STF, LP 

Florida 

14. 
 
 SCCP Boise GP, Inc. 

Delaware 

15. 
 
 SCCP Boise Limited Partnership 

Delaware 

16. 
 
 SCCP Boise Outlot GP, Inc. 

Delaware 

17. 
 
 SCCP Boise Outlot Limited Partnership 

Delaware 

18. 
 
 SCCP Central Valley GP Corp. 

Delaware 

19. 
 
 SCCP Central Valley Limited Partnership 

Delaware 

20. 
 
 CIO Lake Vista GP, LLC 

Delaware 

21. 
 
 CIO Lake Vista, Limited Partnership 

Delaware 

22. 
 
 CIO Plaza 25 GP, LLC 

Delaware 

23. 
 
 CIO Plaza 25, Limited Partnership 

Delaware 

24. 
 
 CIO Research Park GP, LLC 

Delaware 

25. 
 
 CIO Research Park, Limited Partnership 

Delaware 

26. 
 
 CIO Logan Tower GP, LLC 

Delaware 

27. 
 
 CIO Logan Tower, Limited Partnership 

Delaware 

28. 
 
 CIO 190 GP, LLC 

Delaware 

29. 
 
 CIO 190, Limited Partnership 

Delaware 

30. 
 
 CIO Intellicenter GP, LLC 

Delaware 

31. 
 
 CIO Intellicenter, Limited Partnership 

Delaware 

32. 
 
 CIO Superior Pointe GP LLC 

Delaware 

33. 
 
 CIO Superior Pointe Limited Partnership 

Delaware 

34. 
 
 CIO Crossroads GP, LLC 

Delaware 

35. 
 
 CIO Crossroads Limited Partnership 

Delaware 

36. 
 
 CIO Tech Parkway Holdings, Limited Partnership 

Delaware 

37. 
 
 CIO Tech Parkway Holdings GP, LLC 

Delaware 

38. 
 
 CIO Intellicenter GP Outlet, LLC 

Delaware 

39. 
 
 CIO Intellicenter Outlet, Limited Partnership 

Delaware 

40. 
 
 CIO Carillon GP, LLC 

Delaware 

41. 
 
 CIO Carillon, Limited Partnership 

Delaware 

42. 
 
 CIO Park Tower GP LLC 

Delaware 

43. 
 
 CIO Park Tower Limited Partnership 

Delaware 

44. 
 
 CIO 5090 GP, LLC 

Delaware 

45. 
 
 CIO 5090, Limited Partnership 

Delaware 

46. 
 
 CIO San Tan I GP, LLC 

Delaware 

47. 
 
 CIO San Tan I, Limited Partnership 

Delaware 

48. 
 
 CIO San Tan II GP, LLC 

Delaware 

49. 
 
 CIO San Tan II, Limited Partnership 

Delaware 

50. 
 
 CIO 2525 McKinnon GP, LLC 

Delaware 

51. 
 
 CIO 2525 McKinnon, Limited Partnership 

Delaware 

52. 
 
 CIO Research Commons, LLC 

Delaware 

53. 
 
 CIO Technology Point I II, LLC 

Delaware 

54. 
 
 CIO University Tech, LLC 

Delaware 

55. 
 
 CIO Sorrento Mesa, LLC 

Delaware 

56. 
 
 CIO Sorrento Mesa Holdings, LLC 

Delaware 

57. 
 
 CIO SM Land Holdings, LLC 

Delaware 

58. 
 
 CIO Mission City, LLC 

Delaware 

59. 
 
 CIO Mission City Holdings II, LLC 

Delaware 

60. 
 
 CIO SM Land, LLC 

Delaware 

61. 
 
 CIO Papago Tech, LLC 

Delaware 

62. 
 
 CIO Papago Tech Holdings, LLC 

Delaware 

63. 
 
 CIO OP Holdings, LLC 

Delaware 

64. 
 
 CIO Pima GP, LLC 

Delaware 

65. 
 
 CIO Pima, Limited Partnership 

Delaware 

66. 
 
 CIO Circle Point GP, LLC 

Delaware 

67. 
 
 CIO Circle Point, Limited Partnership 

Delaware 

68. 
 
 CIO Quad GP, LLC 

Delaware 

69. 
 
 CIO Quad, Limited Partnership 

Delaware 

70. 
 
 CIO Circle Point Land GP, LLC 

Delaware 

71. 
 
 CIO Circle Point Land, Limited Partnership 

Delaware 

72. 
 
 CIO Circle Point MH Land, LLC 

Delaware 

73. 
 
 CIO Camelback GP, LLC 

Delaware 

74. 
 
 CIO Camelback, Limited Partnership 

Delaware 

75. 
 
 CIO Lake Mary GP, LLC 

Delaware 

76. 
 
 CIO Lake Mary, Limited Partnership 

Delaware 

77. 
 
 CIO Canyon Park GP, LLC 

Delaware 

78. 
 
 CIO Canyon Park, Limited Partnership 

Delaware 

79. 
 
 CIO Cascade Station GP, LLC 

Delaware 

80. 
 
 CIO Cascade Station, Limited Partnership 

Delaware 

81. 
 
 CIO Citymark GP, LLC 

Delaware 

82. 
 
 CIO Citymark, Limited Partnership 

Delaware 

83. 
 
 CIO 7601 DTC GP, LLC 

Delaware 

84. 
 
 CIO 7601 DTC, Limited Partnership 

Delaware 

85. 
 
 CIO Administrative Services, LLC 

Delaware 

86. 
 
 CIO 5910 Pacific Center, LLC 

Delaware 

87. 
 
 CIO 9985 Pacific Heights, LLC 

Delaware 

88. 
 
 CIO Block 23, LLC 

Delaware 

89. 
 
 CIO Terraces, LLC 

Delaware 

90. 
 
 CIO Bloc 83, LLC 

Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 d422951dex231.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 The Board of Directors City Office REIT, Inc. 
 We consent to the use of: 

our report dated February 23, 2023 on the consolidated financial statements of City Office REIT, Inc. (the
 Company ), which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the years in
the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule III (collectively the consolidated financial statements and 

our report dated February 23, 2023 on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022 each of which is included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022. We also consent to the incorporation by reference of such reports in the Registration Statements (No. 333-254966) on Form S-3 and
(No. 333-233043 and 333-195703) on Form S-8 of the Company. 

/ s/ KPMG LLP 

Chartered Professional Accountants 

Vancouver, Canada 
 
 February 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 d422951dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification I, James Farrar, certify
that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2022 of City Office REIT, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of this report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

February 23, 2023 

/s/ James Farrar 
 
 Date 

James Farrar Chief Executive Officer and
Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 d422951dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification I, Anthony Maretic,
certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2022 of City Office REIT, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of this report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

February 23, 2023 

/s/ Anthony Maretic 
 
 Date 

Anthony Maretic Chief Financial Officer,
Secretary and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 d422951dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022 of City Office REIT, Inc. (the Company to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, James Farrar, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 1. The Report fully
complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

February 23, 2023 

/s/ James Farrar 
 
 Date 

James Farrar Chief Executive Officer and
Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 This written report is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to the Report. A signed
original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to City Office REIT, Inc. and will be retained by City Office REIT, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 d422951dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022 of City Office REIT, Inc. (the Company to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Anthony Maretic, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 1. The Report fully
complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

February 23, 2023 

/s/ Anthony Maretic 
 
 Date 

Anthony Maretic Chief Financial Officer,
Secretary and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 This written report is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to the Report. A signed
original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to City Office REIT, Inc. and will be retained by City Office REIT, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 cio-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 cio-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 cio-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 cio-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

