<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_839087_0001654954-23-004142.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7886406</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>171192</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1181557</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2258049</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1447254</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2560533</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-23-004142.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331173029
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-23-004142
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VASO Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000839087
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		IRS NUMBER:				112871434
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-18105
		FILM NUMBER:		23789396

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		137 COMMERCIAL STREET, STE. 200
		CITY:			PLAINVIEW
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11803
		BUSINESS PHONE:		516-997-4600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		137 COMMERCIAL STREET, STE. 200
		CITY:			PLAINVIEW
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11803

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VASOMEDICAL, INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120606

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VASOMEDICAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950517

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FUTURE MEDICAL PRODUCTS INC /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-23-004142.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 vaso_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

vaso_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission File No. _____________________ (Exact name of registrant as specified in Its Charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: None Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: (Title of Class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files) No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately million based on the closing sales price of the common stock as quoted on the OTC PK on June 30, 2022. At March 24, 2023, the number of shares outstanding of the issuer s common stock was . DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE None. Audit firm ID {THIS PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK} VASO CORPORATION INDEX TO FORM 10-K Page PART I 2 ITEM 1 BUSINESS 2 ITEM 1A - RISK FACTORS 7 ITEM 2 PROPERTIES 12 PART II 13 ITEM 5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 13 ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 13 ITEM 8 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 19 ITEM 9A - CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 19 ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION 21 PART III 22 ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 22 ITEM 11 - EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 25 ITEM 12 - SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 27 ITEM 13 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 28 ITEM 14 - PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 29 PART IV 30 ITEM 15 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 30 SIGNATURES 32 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-1 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM F-2 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS F-6 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME. F-7 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY F-8 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS F-9 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-10 EXHIBITS Exhibit 31 Certifications Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) Exhibit 32 Certifications Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 - i - Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1 BUSINESS Except for historical information contained in this report, the matters discussed are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. When used in this report, words such as anticipates , believes , could , estimates , expects , may , plans , potential and intends and similar expressions, as they relate to the Company or its management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of the Company s management, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to the Company s management. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are the following: the effect of business and economic conditions, including the possibility of a downturn in the U.S. economy and continued effects of the COVID-19 pandemic; the effect of the dramatic changes taking place in IT and healthcare; continuation of the GEHC agreement; the impact of competitive technology and products and their pricing; medical insurance reimbursement policies; unexpected manufacturing or supplier problems; unforeseen difficulties and delays in product development programs; the actions of regulatory authorities and third-party payers in the United States and overseas; and the risk factors reported from time to time in the Company s SEC reports. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements as a result of future events or developments. Unless the context requires otherwise, all references to we , our , us , Company , registrant , Vaso or management refer to Vaso Corporation and its subsidiaries. General Overview Vaso Corporation principally operates in three distinct business segments in the healthcare equipment and information technology industries. We manage and evaluate our operations, and report our financial results, through these three business segments. IT segment, operating through a wholly-owned subsidiary VasoTechnology, Inc., primarily focuses on healthcare IT and managed network technology services; Professional sales service segment, operating through a wholly-owned subsidiary Vaso Diagnostics, Inc. d/b/a VasoHealthcare, primarily focuses on the sale of healthcare capital equipment for GE HealthCare GEHC into the health provider middle market; and Equipment segment, primarily focuses on the design, manufacture, sale and service of proprietary medical devices and software, operating through a wholly-owned subsidiary VasoMedical, Inc., which in turn operates through Vasomedical Solutions, Inc. for domestic business and Vasomedical Global Corp. for international business, respectively. VasoTechnology VasoTechnology, Inc. was formed in May 2015, at the time the Company acquired all of the assets of NetWolves, LLC and its affiliates, including the membership interests in NetWolves Network Services, LLC (collectively, NetWolves ). It currently consists of a managed network and security service division (NetWolves) and a healthcare IT application VAR (value added reseller) division (VasoHealthcare IT). Its current offering includes: Managed diagnostic imaging applications (channel partner of select vendors of healthcare IT products). Managed network infrastructure (routers, switches and other core equipment). Managed network transport (FCC licensed carrier reselling 175+ facility partners). Managed security services. VasoTechnology uses a combination of proprietary technology, methodology and best-in-class third-party applications to deliver its value proposition. 2 Table of Contents VasoHealthcare VasoHealthcare commenced operations in 2010, in conjunction with the Company s execution of its exclusive sales representation agreement with GEHC, which at the time was the healthcare business division of the General Electric Company GE ), to further the sale of certain medical capital equipment in certain domestic market segments. Its current offering consists of: GEHC diagnostic imaging equipment and ultrasound systems. GEHC service agreements for the above equipment. GEHC training services for use of the above equipment. GEHC and third-party financial services for the above equipment. VasoHealthcare has built a team of over 75 highly experienced sales professionals who utilize proprietary sales management and analytic tools to manage the complete sales process and to increase market penetration. VasoMedical The proprietary medical equipment business under VasoMedical dates back to 1995 when the Company began the proprietary Enhanced External Counterpulsation (EECP technology in the United States, and has since diversified to include other medical hardware and software. Vasomedical Global was formed in 2011 to combine and coordinate the various international operations including design, development, manufacturing, and sales of medical devices and software, while domestic activities are conducted under Vasomedical Solutions. These devices and software primarily consist of cardiovascular diagnostic and therapeutic applications, including: Biox series Holter monitors and ambulatory blood pressure recorders. ARCS series analysis, reporting and communication software for ECG and blood pressure signals, including cloud-based software suite and algorithm subscription services. MobiCare multi-parameter wireless vital-sign monitoring system. EECP therapy systems for non-invasive, outpatient treatment of ischemic heart disease. This segment uses its extensive in-house knowledge for cardiovascular devices and software coupled with its engineering resources to cost effectively create and market its proprietary technology. It sells and services its products to customers in the U.S. and China directly and sells and/or services its products in the international market mainly through independent distributors. Historical Background Vaso Corporation was incorporated in Delaware in July 1987. For most of its history, the Company primarily was a single-product company designing, manufacturing, marketing and servicing its proprietary Enhanced External Counterpulsation, or EECP , therapy systems, mainly for the treatment of angina. In 2010 it began to diversify its business operations. The Company changed its name to Vaso Corporation in 2016 to more accurately reflect the diversified nature of its business, and continues to use the original name VasoMedical for its proprietary medical device subsidiary. In May 2010, the Company launched its Professional Sales Service business through a wholly-owned subsidiary Vaso Diagnostics, Inc. d/b/a VasoHealthcare, which was appointed by GEHC as its exclusive representative for the sale of select GEHC diagnostic imaging equipment to specific market segments in the 48 contiguous states of the United States and the District of Columbia. The original agreement GEHC Agreement was for three years ending June 30, 2013; it has been extended several times with the current extension through December 31, 2026, subject to earlier termination under certain conditions. In June 2014, the Company began its IT segment business by concluding the Value Added Reseller Agreement VAR Agreement with GEHC to become a national value added reseller of GEHC Digital s software solutions such as Picture Archiving and Communication System PACS ), Radiology Information System RIS ), and related services, including implementation, training, management and support. This business focuses primarily on customer segments currently served by VasoHealthcare. A new wholly owned subsidiary, VasoHealthcare IT Corp. VHC IT ), was formed to conduct the healthcare IT business. 3 Table of Contents In May 2015, the Company further expanded its IT business segment by acquiring all of the assets of NetWolves, LLC and its affiliates, including the membership interests in NetWolves Network Services, LLC (collectively, NetWolves ), pursuant to an asset purchase agreement. NetWolves designs and delivers efficient and cost-effective multi-network and multi-technology solutions as a managed network provider, as well as provides a complete single-source solution that includes design, network redundancy, application device management, real-time network monitoring, reporting and support systems as a comprehensive solution. The Company s Equipment business also has been significantly expanded from the original EECP -only operations. In September 2011, the Company acquired FGE, a British Virgin Islands company, which owned or controlled two Chinese operating companies - Life Enhancement Technology Ltd. LET and Biox Instruments Co. Ltd. Biox - to expand its technical and manufacturing capabilities and to enhance its distribution network, technology, and product portfolio. Biox was a variable interest entity VIE controlled by FGE through certain contracts and an option to acquire all the shares of Biox by FGE s wholly owned subsidiary Gentone, and in March 2019 Gentone exercised its option to acquire all of the shares of Biox. In August 2014, the Company through Gentone acquired all of the outstanding shares of Genwell Instruments Co. Ltd. Genwell ), which was formed in 2010 to develop the MobiCare wireless multi-parameter patient monitoring system and holds intellectual property rights for this system. As a result, the Company has expanded its equipment products portfolio to include Biox series ambulatory patient monitoring systems, ARCS series software for ECG and blood pressure analysis, and the MobiCare patient monitoring device. In April 2014, the Company entered into a cooperation agreement with Chongqing PSK-Health Sci-Tech Development Co., Ltd. PSK of Chongqing, China, the leading manufacturer of external counter pulsation, or ECP, therapy systems in China, to form a joint venture company, VSK Medical Limited VSK ), a Cayman Islands company, for the global marketing, sale and advancement of ECP therapy technology. The Company owned 49.9 of VSK, which commenced operations in January 2015. In March 2018, the Company terminated the cooperation agreement with PSK and sold its shares in VSK to PSK. On May 20, 2020, the Company closed on the sale of 51 of the capital stock of its wholly-owned subsidiary EECP Global Corporation EECP Global to PSK. EECP Global was formed in September 2019 to hold all the assets and liabilities of its EECP business. Concurrently with the closing of the transaction, the Company signed Management Service Agreement with EECP Global to provide management service for the business and operation of EECP Global in the United States. The agreement provides an initial term of three years starting April 1, 2020, the effective date of the sale, which is automatically renewable for additional one-year terms. Pursuant to the agreement, EECP Global reimburses the Company all direct expenses and pays a monthly management fee during the term of the agreement. Management The Company currently bases its headquarters in Plainview, Long Island, NY pursuant to a lease which expires in September 2025. Reporting to the Board of Directors, corporate officers of the Company include the President and Chief Executive Officer CEO ), Co-Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, Chief Operating Officer COO ), and Co-Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. The management of the Company s IT segment is led by the COO of the Company, who is also the President of VasoTechnology and NetWolves, which is based in Tampa, FL. Our VasoHealthcare IT business is organized as a part of VasoTechnology and is also led by the COO, supported by several software solution sales and implementation specialists, based in Nashville, TN. The business unit works with our VasoHealthcare diagnostic imaging equipment sales team to generate leads and potential clients for the software solutions products and works with NetWolves sales and technical teams for comprehensive IT product and service offerings. In the professional sales services segment, we sell GEHC diagnostic imaging products to our assigned market through a nationwide team of approximately 65 sales employees led by several regional managers and an executive team who report to the President of VasoHealthcare. The operation is also supported by in-house administrative, analytic and other support staff, as well as applicable GEHC employees. 4 Table of Contents The equipment segment is under the direct supervision of the CEO of the Company. Sales and marketing efforts in the domestic market are led by a Vice President of national sales and service at Vasomedical Solutions, and the managers of our China subsidiaries, based in Wuxi, China, are in charge of the development and production of all our proprietary products and marketing and sales in China and the international markets. We sell our Biox series and other products in China by a group of sales managers as well as through distributors covering various regions of China and other international geographies. Competition In the U.S. diagnostic imaging market where we sell GEHC products, our main competitors include Siemens, Philips, Canon, and Hologic. Key competitive factors in the market include price, quality, finance availability, delivery speed, service and support, innovation, distribution network, breadth of product and service offerings and brand name recognition. GEHC is a leading competitor in this market. In the IT segment, our primary competitors in the healthcare IT VAR business are Agfa Healthcare, McKesson, Philips, Carestream Health and other independent software providers. Key competitive factors are brand recognition, quality, radiology workflow solutions, scalability and service and support capability. In the managed network services business our primary competition includes, but is not limited to, organizations who have a presence in most of the major markets for the following products and services: network services, managed services, security services and healthcare applications. Several of those competitors, many of which are our vendors, are: Verizon, AT T, CenturyLink, IBM and Cisco Resellers, Siemens, Epic, small regional IT integrators and large company internal IT departments. In the ambulatory monitoring system business, there are numerous competitors of various size and strength. The Biox series is among the few from China with CE Mark certification for Europe, CFDA approval for China, US FDA clearances as well as Brazilian Agencia Nacional de Vigilancia Sanitaria (ANVISA) approval, which are among the most important qualifications to market and sell the products around the world. Regulations on Medical Devices As a medical device manufacturer and marketer, we are subject to extensive regulation by numerous government regulatory agencies, including the US FDA and similar foreign agencies. We are required to comply with applicable laws, regulations and standards governing the development, preclinical and clinical testing, manufacturing, quality testing, labeling, promotion, import, export, and distribution of our medical devices. Compliance with Regulations in the United States The Company has received appropriate US FDA premarket notification (510(k)) clearance for all its products marketed and sold in the United States, including EECP therapy systems and Biox ambulatory monitoring systems and analysis and report software. We continue to seek US FDA clearance or approval for new products prior to their introduction to the US market. We are subject to other US FDA regulations that apply prior to and after a product is commercially released. We also are subject to periodic and random inspections by the US FDA for compliance with the current Good Manufacturing Practice, or cGMP, requirements and Quality System Regulation. The US FDA also enforces post-marketing controls that include the requirement to submit medical device reports to the agency when a manufacturer becomes aware of information suggesting that any adverse events are related to its marketed products. The FDA relies on medical device reports to identify product problems and utilizes these reports to determine, among other things, whether it should exercise its enforcement powers. The FDA also may require post-market surveillance studies for specified devices. We are subject to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act s, or FDCA s, general controls, including establishment registration, device listing, and labeling requirements. The sales and advertising of our products is subject to regulation by the Federal Trade Commission, or FTC. The FTC Act prohibits unfair or deceptive acts or practices in or affecting commerce. Violations of the FTC Act, such as failure to have substantiation for product claims, would subject us to a variety of enforcement actions, including compulsory process, cease and desist orders and injunctions, which can require, among other things, limits on advertising, corrective advertising, consumer redress and restitution, as well as substantial fines or other penalties. 5 Table of Contents As a medical device sales channel partner and product reseller to healthcare facilities, we are subject to various federal, state and local laws targeting fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry, including anti-kickback and false claims laws. Foreign Regulation In most countries where we seek to export our medical devices, a local regulatory clearance must be obtained. The regulatory review process varies from country to country and can be complex, costly, uncertain, and time-consuming. Our medical devices are all manufactured in accordance with ISO 13485 (Medical device Quality management systems Requirement for regulatory purpose), an internationally agreed standard that sets out the requirements for a quality management system specific to the medical devices industry. All our current medical devices have obtained necessary clearances or approvals prior to their release in the appropriate jurisdictions, including CE marking certification for European Union countries, China FDA (CFDA) approval for mainland China, Korean FDA (KFDA) approval for South Korea, Ag ncia Nacional de Vigilncia Sanit ria (ANVISA) approval for Brazil, Taiwan FDA (TFDA) for Taiwan, and the Saudi SFDA (MDMA) for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. We are also subject to audits by organizations authorized by foreign countries to determine compliance with laws, regulations and standards that apply to the commercialization of our products in those markets. Examples include auditing by a European Union Notified Body organization (authorized by a member state s Competent Authority) to determine conformity with the Medical Device Directives (MDD) and by an organization authorized by the Brazilian government to determine conformity with the ANVISA requirement. Patient Privacy Federal and state laws protect the confidentiality of certain patient health information, including patient records, and restrict the use and disclosure of that protected information. The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) published patient privacy rules under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA privacy rule) and the regulation was finalized in October 2002. Currently, the HIPAA privacy rule affects us only indirectly in that patient data that we access, collect and analyze may include protected health information. Additionally, we have signed some Business Associate Agreements with Covered Entities that contractually bind us to protect private health information, consistent with the HIPAA privacy rules requirements. We do not expect the costs and impact of the HIPAA privacy rule to be material to our business. Regulations in the IT Business As a reseller of telecommunication services and network solutions provider, our products and services are subject to federal, state and local regulations. These regulations govern, in part, our rates and the way we conduct our business, including the requirement to offer telecommunications services pursuant to nondiscriminatory rates, terms, and conditions, the obligation to safeguard the confidentiality of customer proprietary network information, as well as the obligation to maintain specialized records and file reports with the Federal Communications Commission and state regulatory authorities. While we believe we are in compliance with laws and regulations in jurisdictions where we do business, we continue to monitor and assess our compliance. The Federal Communications Commission FCC exercises jurisdiction over services and regulates interstate and international communications in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and U.S territories. As an independent U.S. government agency overseen by Congress, the FCC is the United States' primary authority for communications laws, regulation and technological innovation. We maintain Certificates of Public Convenience and Necessity in all 50 states, which enable us to provide services within each state. We are therefore subject to regulation from the Public Utility Commissions in each state. 6 Table of Contents Intellectual Properties In addition to other methods of protecting our proprietary technology, know-how and show-how as well as trade secrets, we pursue a policy of seeking patent protection, both in the US and abroad, for our proprietary technologies including those in Biox and MobiCare products. Moreover, trademarks have been registered for the names Vaso , Vasomedical , VasoGlobal , VasoSolutions , VasoHealthcare , ARCS , and MobiCare . Through our China-based subsidiaries, we own thirty-seven invention and utility patents in China that expire at various times through 2041, as well as sixteen software copyright certificates in China related to proprietary technologies in physiological data acquisition, analysis and reporting. We also maintain five registered trademarks in China for our products. Through our NetWolves subsidiary we hold a patent for Secure and Remote Monitoring Management SRM and we hold trademarks NetWolves , SRM , and Wolfpac . There can be no assurance that our patents will not be violated or that any issued patents will provide protection that has commercial significance. As with any patented technology, litigation could be necessary to protect our patent position. Such litigation can be costly and time-consuming, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful. Employees As of December 31, 2022, we employed 272 full-time persons, of which 14 are employed through our facility in Plainview, New York; 85 through VasoHealthcare; 5 through VasoHealthcare IT; 111 through our NetWolves operations; and 57 in our China operations. None of our employees are represented by a labor union. We believe that our employee relations are good. The Company also uses several part-time employees and consultants from time to time for various purposes. Manufacturing The Company conducts manufacturing activities primarily through its Biox facilities in China, while maintaining certain manufacturing capability in the Plainview, NY location to satisfy certain domestic and international needs for the EECP systems. The Biox facilities manufacture ambulatory monitoring devices and other medical devices. All manufacturing operations are conducted under the cGMP requirements, as set forth in the FDA Quality System Regulation, as well as ISO 13485 (Medical device Quality management systems Requirement for regulatory purpose), an internationally agreed standard that sets out the requirements for a quality management system specific to the medical devices industry. We are also certified to conform to full quality assurance system requirements of the EU Medical Device Directive (MDD 93/42/EEC Annex II) and can apply CE marking to all of our current product models. Lastly, we are certified to comply with the requirements of the Brazilian Ag ncia Nacional de Vigilncia Sanit ria (ANVISA). All these regulations and standards subject us to inspections to verify compliance and require us to maintain documentation and controls for the manufacturing and quality activities. We believe our manufacturing capacity and warehouse facility are adequate to meet the current and immediately foreseeable future demand for the production of our medical devices. We believe our suppliers of the other medical devices we distribute or represent are capable of meeting our demand for the foreseeable future. ITEM 1A - RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with the information included elsewhere in this Report on Form 10K. The risks and uncertainties described below are those we have identified as material, but are not the only risks and uncertainties facing us. Our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that affect many other companies, such as market conditions, geopolitical events, changes in laws or accounting rules, fluctuation in interest rates, terrorism, wars or conflicts, major health concerns, natural disasters or other disruptions of economic or business conditions, including the possibility of a downturn in the U.S. economy and continued effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial also may impair our business, including our results of operations, liquidity and financial position . 7 Table of Contents Financial Risks Achieving profitable operations is dependent on several factors Our ability to sustain profitability is dependent on many factors, primarily being the sufficient and timely generation of cash, as well as attaining and maintaining profitability in our IT and equipment segments, as well as the success of our other strategic initiatives. Risks Related to the COVID-19 Pandemic The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our markets and financial condition is difficult to predict and manage. The pandemic has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, certain elements of our business, primarily the initial shrinkage, and subsequent recovery, of our customer base in our IT segment as well as the overall effect of China s prior lockdown practice on its economy. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused us to modify our business practices, and we may take further actions as required by government authorities, our customers or as determined to be in the best interests of our employees, customers and business partners. There is no certainty that these measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the virus and our ability to execute our business plans could be impacted. The magnitude and duration of the disruption and resulting decline in business activity remain uncertain. Risks Related to Our Business We currently derive a significant amount of our revenue and operating income from our agreement with GEHC. On May 19, 2010, we signed a sales representation agreement with GEHC. Under the GEHC Agreement, we have been appointed GEHC s exclusive representative for certain GEHC diagnostic imaging products to specific market segments in the 48 contiguous states of the United States and the District of Columbia. The GEHC Agreement had an initial term of three years commencing July 1, 2010 and has subsequently been extended in 2012, 2014, 2017 and 2021, with the current term through December 31, 2026, subject to GEHC s right to terminate earlier without cause under certain conditions. A significant amount of our revenue and operating income arise from activities under this agreement. Moreover, our performance and growth in the professional sales service segment depends partially on the territories, customer accounts and product modalities assigned to us by GEHC, as well as factors beyond our control such as product pricing, availability and delivery schedule, and thus relies on our ability to demonstrate our added value as a channel partner, and on maintaining a positive relationship with GEHC. There is no assurance that the agreement will not be terminated prior to its expiration pursuant to its termination provisions or will be extended beyond the current expiration date. Should GEHC terminate the agreement, it would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We face competition from other companies and technologies. In all segments of our business we compete with other companies that market technologies, products and services in the global marketplace. We do not know whether these companies, or other potential competitors who may succeed in developing technologies, products or services that are more efficient or effective than those offered by us, and that would render our technology and existing products obsolete or non-competitive. Potential new competitors may also have substantially greater financial, manufacturing and marketing resources than those possessed by us. In addition, other technologies or products may be developed that have an entirely different approach or means of accomplishing the intended purpose of our products. Accordingly, the life cycles of our products are difficult to estimate. To compete successfully, we must keep pace with technological advancements, respond to evolving consumer requirements and achieve market acceptance. 8 Table of Contents We depend on management and other key personnel. We are dependent on a limited number of key management and technical personnel. The loss of one or more of our key employees may harm our business if we are unable to identify other individuals to provide us with similar services. We do not maintain key person insurance on any of our employees. In addition, our success depends upon our ability to attract and retain additional highly qualified management, sales, IT, manufacturing and research and development personnel in our various operations. The competition for IT personnel is intense. We may not continue to receive necessary clearances or approvals from the US FDA or foreign authorities for our medical devices, which could hinder our ability to market and sell certain products in the relevant markets. If we modify our medical devices and the modifications significantly affect safety or effectiveness, or if we make a change to the intended use, we will be required to submit a new premarket notification (510(k)) or premarket approval (PMA) application to the FDA. We would not be able to market the modified device in the U.S. until the FDA issues a clearance for the 510(k). If we offer new products that require 510(k) clearance or a PMA, we will not be able to commercially distribute those products in the U.S. until we receive such clearance or approval. Regulatory agency approval or clearance for a product may not be received or may entail limitations on the device s indications for use that could limit the potential market for the product. Delays in receipt of, or failure to obtain or maintain, regulatory clearances and approvals, could delay or prevent our ability to market or distribute our products. Such delays could have a material adverse effect on our equipment business. There are similar medical device regulations or requirements in China, Europe, and other foreign markets where we sell our products. Failure to comply with these regulations and requirements could have a material adverse effect on our equipment business. If we are unable to comply with applicable governmental regulation s , we may not be able to continue certain of our operations. As a reseller of telecommunication services and network solutions provider, our products and services are subject to federal, state and local regulations. These regulations govern, in part, our rates and the way we conduct our business, including the requirement to offer telecommunications services pursuant to nondiscriminatory rates, terms, and conditions, the obligation to safeguard the confidentiality of customer proprietary network information, as well as the obligation to maintain specialized records and file reports with the Federal Communications Commission and state regulatory authorities. While we believe we are in compliance with laws and regulations in jurisdictions where we do business, we must continue to monitor and assess our compliance. We also must comply with current Good Manufacturing Practice requirements as set forth in the Quality System Regulation to receive US FDA approval to market new products and to continue to market current products. Most states also have similar regulatory and enforcement authority for medical devices. Our operations in China are also subject to the laws and regulations of the People s Republic of China with which we must be in compliance in order to conduct these operations. We are subject to various federal, state and local laws targeting fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry, including anti-kickback and false claims laws. 9 Table of Contents We cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations, or applications, nor can we predict what effect additional governmental regulations or administrative orders, either domestically or internationally, when and if promulgated, would have on our business in the future. We may be slow to adapt, or we may never adapt to changes in existing requirements or adoption of new requirements or policies. We may incur significant costs to comply with laws and regulations in the future or compliance with laws or regulations may create an unsustainable burden on our business. We have foreign operations and are subject to the associated risks of doing business in foreign countries. The Company continues to have operations in China. Operating internationally involves additional risks relating to such things as currency exchange rates, different legal and regulatory environments, political, economic risks relating to the stability or predictability of foreign governments, differences in the manner in which different cultures do business, difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations, differences in financial reporting, operating difficulties, and other factors. The occurrence of any of these risks, if severe enough, could have an adverse effect on the consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Company. Commercial law is still developing in China and there are limited legal precedents to follow in commercial transactions. There are many tax jurisdictions each of which may have changing tax laws. Applicable taxes include value added taxes VAT ), enterprise income tax EIT ), and social (payroll) taxes. Regulations are often unclear. Tax declarations (reports) are subject to review and taxing authorities may impose fines, penalties and interest. These facts create risks for our operations in China. We depend on several suppliers for the supply of certain products. As a GEHC channel partner, we could be negatively impacted by interruptions or delays to equipment installations, production and quality issues, and any customer concerns related to GEHC. Delivery of GEHC equipment may be negatively impacted due to the current supply chain issues especially as it impacts availability of computer chips. With respect to our proprietary medical products we now manufacture our own products primarily through our China based facilities, and we depend on certain independent suppliers for parts, components and certain finished goods. We may not have adequate intellectual property protection. Our patents and proprietary technology may not be able to prevent competition by others. The validity and breadth of claims in technology patents involve complex legal and factual questions. Future patent applications may not be issued, the scope of any patent protection may not exclude competitors, and our patents may not provide competitive advantages to us. Our patents may be found to be invalid and other companies may claim rights in or ownership of the patents and other proprietary rights held or licensed by us. Also, our existing patents may not cover products that we develop in the future. Moreover, when our patents expire, the inventions will enter the public domain. There can be no assurance that our patents will not be violated or that any issued patents will provide protection that has commercial significance. Litigation may be necessary to protect our patent position. Such litigation may be costly and time-consuming, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in such litigation. The loss or violation of certain of our patents and trademarks could have a material adverse effect upon our business. Since patent applications in the United States are maintained in secrecy until such patent applications are issued, our current product development may infringe patents that may be issued to others. If our products were found to infringe patents held by competitors, we may have to modify our products to avoid infringement, and it is possible that our modified products would not be commercially successful. 10 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Industries Our growth could suffer if the markets into which we sell products decline, do not grow as anticipated or experience cyclicality. Our growth depends in part on the growth of the IT and healthcare markets which we serve. In our professional sales services segment, our quarterly sales and profits depend significantly on the volume and timing of delivery of the underlying equipment of the orders we booked, and the delivery of such products is difficult to forecast since it is largely dependent on GEHC. Product demand is dependent upon the customer s capital spending budget as well as government funding policies, and matters of public policy as well as product cycles and economic downturns that can affect the spending decisions of these entities. These factors could adversely affect our growth, financial position, and results of operations. Technological change is difficult to predict and to manage. We face the challenges that are typically faced by companies in the IT and medical device fields. Our products and services may require substantial development efforts and compliance with governmental clearance or approval requirements. We may encounter unforeseen technological or scientific problems that force abandonment or substantial change in the development of a specific product or process. We are subject to product liability claims and product recalls that may not be covered by insurance. The nature of our manufacturing operations exposes us to risks of product liability claims and product recalls. Medical devices as complex as ours frequently experience errors or failures, especially when first introduced or when new versions are released. We currently maintain product liability insurance at 6,000,000 per occurrence and in the aggregate. Our product liability insurance may not be adequate. In the future, insurance coverage may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. In addition, product liability claims or product recalls could damage our reputation even if we have adequate insurance coverage. Risks Related to our Securities The application of the penny stock rules could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and increase your transaction costs to sell those shares. As long as the trading price of our common shares is below 5 per share, the open-market trading of our common shares will be subject to the penny stock rules. The penny stock rules impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally those with assets in excess of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding 200,000 or 300,000 together with their spouse). For transactions covered by these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of securities and have received the purchaser s written consent to the transaction before the purchase. Additionally, for any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the broker-dealer must deliver, before the transaction, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities. Finally, monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information on the limited market in penny stocks. These additional burdens imposed on broker-dealers restrict the ability and decrease the willingness of broker-dealers to sell our common shares, which we believe results in decreased liquidity for our common shares as well as increased transaction costs for sales and purchases of our common shares as compared to other securities. Our common stock is subject to price volatility. The market price of our common stock historically has been and may continue to be highly volatile. Our stock price could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors beyond our control, including, but not limited to: actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; overall market fluctuations and domestic and worldwide economic conditions; medical reimbursement; 11 Table of Contents announcements of technological innovations, new products or pricing by our competitors; the timing of patent and regulatory approvals; the timing and extent of technological advancements; the sales of our common stock by affiliates or other shareholders with large holdings; and other factors described in the Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Report. Our future operating results may fall below the expectations of securities industry analysts or investors. Any such shortfall could result in a significant decline in the market price of our common stock. In addition, the stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of our stock and that often have been unrelated to the operating performance of such companies. These broad market fluctuations may directly influence the market price of our common stock. We do not intend to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. We currently do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Additional Information We are subject to the reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are required to file reports and information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including reports on the following forms: annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports files or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934. ITEM 2 PROPERTIES The Company leases its headquarters at an 8,700 square foot facility at 137 Commercial Street, Plainview, New York 11803, under a lease with a term that expires on September 30, 2025 and with a base annual rental of approximately 78,000. The Company s NetWolves unit leases a 16,200 square foot facility in Tampa, Florida, under a lease expiring in June 2024 with an annual rental of approximately 194,000. VHC-IT leases a flexible space, 1,500 square foot facility in Nashville, Tennessee with an annual cost of approximately 32,000. The Nashville lease expired on January 31, 2023 and is currently rented on a month-to-month basis. We believe that our current facilities are adequate for foreseeable current and future needs. We lease our office, engineering and production facilities in China. Specifically, we lease approximately 14,700 square feet of space in Wuxi, China under leases expiring in August 2023, September 2023, and December 2023 at an aggregate annual cost of approximately 71,000. Such leases are renewable upon expiration. 12 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Our common stock currently trades on the OTC Market (OTCQB) under the symbol VASO. The number of record holders of common stock as of March 24, 2023, was approximately 900, which does not include approximately 8,500 beneficial owners of shares held in the name of brokers or other nominees. The table below sets forth the range of high and low trade prices of the common stock for the fiscal periods specified. Year ended December 31, 2022 Year ended December 31, 2021 High Low High Low First quarter 0.09 0.05 0.16 0.08 Second quarter 0.11 0.07 0.12 0.05 Third quarter 0.12 0.09 0.07 0.05 Fourth quarter 0.22 0.11 0.08 0.04 The last bid price of the Company s common stock on March 24, 2023 was 0.23 per share. Dividend Policy We have never paid any cash dividends on our common stock and currently do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains descriptions of our expectations regarding future trends affecting our business. These forward looking statements and other forward-looking statements made elsewhere in this document are made under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Please read the section titled Risk Factors in Item One Business to review certain conditions, among others, which we believe could cause results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Except for historical information contained in this report, the matters discussed are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. When used in this report, words such as anticipates , believes , could , estimates , expects , may , plans , potential and intends and similar expressions, as they relate to the Company or its management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of the Company s management, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to the Company s management. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are the following: the effect of business and economic conditions , including the COVID-19 pandemic ; the effect of the dramatic changes taking place in IT and healthcare; continuation of the GEHC agreement; the impact of competitive technology and products and their pricing; medical insurance reimbursement policies; unexpected manufacturing or supplier problems; unforeseen difficulties and delays in the conduct of product development programs; the actions of regulatory authorities and third-party payers in the United States and overseas; and the risk factors reported from time to time in the Company s SEC reports. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements as a result of future events or developments. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 13 Table of Contents General Overview COVID-19 pandemic The COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant impact on economies of the United States and China, and it is possible that some negative impact to the Company s financial condition and results of operations may continue. At this time, we cannot reasonably estimate what the total impact may be. The pandemic has resulted in workforce and travel restrictions and created business disruptions in supply chain, production and demand across many business sectors. We have experienced negative impact in the recurring revenue business in our IT segment as some of our customers have been adversely affected by the shutdown, and new business in this segment appears to be slower as well. In addition, revenues in our China operations have been adversely affected by its government s lockdown policies, which have only recently been reversed. We have taken significant steps in our efforts to protect our workforce and our clients. Most of our employees have worked at least partially remotely and we have reopened our work sites consistent with the guidelines promulgated by the CDC and respective state governments. In addition, the Company in 2020 received a 3.6 million loan under the Paycheck Protection Program of the CARES Act (the PPP loan ). This loan was used to principally cover our payroll costs for a period of time as specified by the rules, thereby allowing us to maintain our workforce and continue to provide services and solutions to our clients. In June 2021, the loan, as well as accrued interest, was forgiven in its entirety by the Small Business Administration. Our Business Segments Vaso Corporation (formerly Vasomedical, Inc.) Vaso was incorporated in Delaware in July 1987. We principally operate in three distinct business segments in the healthcare equipment and information technology industries. We manage and evaluate our operations, and report our financial results, through these three business segments. IT segment, operating through a wholly-owned subsidiary VasoTechnology, Inc., primarily focuses on healthcare IT and managed network technology services; Professional sales service segment, operating through a wholly-owned subsidiary Vaso Diagnostics, Inc. d/b/a VasoHealthcare, primarily focuses on the sale of healthcare capital equipment for GE HealthCare (GEHC) into the health provider middle market; and Equipment segment, primarily focuses on the design, manufacture, sale and service of proprietary medical devices and software, operating through a wholly-owned subsidiary VasoMedical, Inc., which in turn operates through Vasomedical Solutions, Inc. for domestic business and Vasomedical Global Corp. for international business, respectively. VasoTechnology VasoTechnology, Inc. was formed in May 2015, at the time the Company acquired all of the assets of NetWolves, LLC and its affiliates, including the membership interests in NetWolves Network Services LLC (collectively, NetWolves ). It currently consists of a managed network and security service division (NetWolves) and a healthcare IT application VAR (value added reseller) division (VasoHealthcare IT). Its current offering includes: Managed diagnostic imaging applications (channel partner of select vendors of healthcare IT products). Managed network infrastructure (routers, switches and other core equipment). Managed network transport (FCC licensed carrier reselling 175+ facility partners). Managed security services. VasoTechnology uses a combination of proprietary technology, methodology and best-in-class third-party applications to deliver its value proposition. 14 Table of Contents VasoHealthcare VasoHealthcare commenced operations in 2010, in conjunction with the Company s execution of its exclusive sales representation agreement with GEHC, which at the time was the healthcare business division of the General Electric Company GE ), to further the sale of certain medical capital equipment in certain domestic market segments. Its current offering consists of: GEHC diagnostic imaging equipment and ultrasound systems. GEHC service agreements for the above equipment. GEHC training services for use of the above equipment. GEHC and third-party financial services for the above equipment. VasoHealthcare has built a team of over 75 highly experienced sales professionals who utilize highly focused sales management and analytic tools to manage the complete sales process and to increase market penetration. VasoMedical The proprietary medical equipment business under VasoMedical traces back to 1995 when the Company began the proprietary Enhanced External Counterpulsation (EECP technology in the United States and has since diversified to include other medical hardware and software. Vasomedical Global was formed in 2011 to combine and coordinate the various international operations including design, development, manufacturing, and sales of medical devices and software, while domestic activities are conducted under Vasomedical Solutions. These devices and software primarily consist of cardiovascular diagnostic and therapeutic applications, including: Biox series Holter monitors and ambulatory blood pressure recorders. ARCS series analysis, reporting and communication software for ECG and blood pressure signals, including cloud-based software and algorithm subscription services. MobiCare multi-parameter wireless vital-sign monitoring system. EECP therapy systems for non-invasive, outpatient treatment of ischemic heart disease. This segment uses its extensive in-house knowledge for cardiovascular devices and software coupled with its engineering resources to cost effectively create and market its proprietary technology. It sells and services its products to customers in the U.S. and China directly and sells and/or services its products in the international market mainly through independent distributors. Strategic Plan and Objectives Our short- and long-term plans for the growth of the Company and to increase stockholder value are: Continue to effectively control operating costs in the current inflationary environment. Continue to expand our product and service offerings as well as market penetration in all of our business segments. Maintain and improve business performance in our professional sales service segment by increasing market penetration of the GEHC product modalities we represent, and possibly building new teams to represent other vendors. Maintain and grow our equipment business by increasing efficiency and exploring new revenue models. Continue to seek accretive partnership opportunities. Explore options in capital markets for our stock. 15 Table of Contents Results of Operations For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Total revenues increased by 4,438,000, or 5.9 , to 80,017,000 in the year ended December 31, 2022, from 75,579,000 in the year ended December 31, 2021. We reported net income of 11,873,000 and 6,100,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an improvement of 5,773,000. The increase in net income was primarily due to higher gross profit and the income tax benefit generated through partial release of the deferred tax asset valuation allowance, partially offset by higher operating costs and forgiveness of the PPP loan in 2021. Our net income was 0.07 and 0.04 per basic and diluted common share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Revenues Revenue in the IT segment was 40,100,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 42,916,000 for the prior year, a decrease of 2,816,000, or 6.6 , of which 2,028,000 was attributable to a decline in NetWolves revenues and 788,000 by a decrease in VHC-IT revenues. Commission revenues in the professional sales service segment increased by 7,903,000, or 26.8 , to 37,344,000 in the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 29,441,000 in the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to higher volume of GEHC equipment delivered in 2022 coupled with a higher blended commission rate for equipment delivered in 2022. As discussed in Note B to the financial statements, the Company defers recognition of commission revenue until the underlying equipment is delivered. As of December 31, 2022, the Company recorded on its consolidated balance sheet deferred commission revenue of 30,794,000 for this segment (of which 15,660,000 is long-term), an increase of 5,839,000, or 23.3 , compared to 24,955,000 of deferred commission revenue at December 31, 2021 (of which 8,465,000 was long-term). The increase in deferred revenue is due principally to higher total orders booked during the year, partially offset by the increase in equipment deliveries over the same period. Revenue in our equipment segment decreased 20.1 to 2,573,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 3,222,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, as a result of lower equipment sales in our China operations as affected by the pandemic lockdowns in the country and the effect of 2022 foreign exchange rate fluctuations, offset by a 16,000 increase in our US operations due to higher ARCS -cloud software-as-a-service revenues. Gross Profit The Company recorded gross profit of 48,481,000, or 60.6 of revenue, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 43,133,000, or 57.1 of revenue, for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 5,348,000, or 12.4 , was due primarily to a 6,382,000 increase in the professional sales service segment due to higher revenues, partially offset by decreases of 589,000 and 445,000 in the equipment and IT segments, respectively, as a result of lower revenues in both segments and lower gross margin in the equipment segment. IT segment gross profit decreased to 16,229,000, or 40 of segment revenues, for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 16,674,000, or 39 of segment revenues in the prior year, a decrease of 445,000, of which 885,000 was attributable to NetWolves due to lower revenues, offset by 440,000 higher gross profit at VHC-IT, resulting from improved gross margin. Professional sales service segment gross profit was 30,288,000, or 81.1 of the segment revenues, for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 6,382,000, or 26.7 , from segment gross profit of 23,906,000, or 81.2 of the segment revenue, for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in gross profit was due primarily to the increase in the segment revenue as a result of higher equipment delivery volume and a higher blended commission rate in 2022. Cost of commissions increased by 1,521,000, or 27.5 , to 7,056,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to cost of commissions of 5,535,000 in 2021. The increase is due primarily to the increase in the segment revenue as gross profit margin remained little changed year over year. Cost of commissions reflects commission expense associated with certain recognized commission revenues. Commission expense associated with deferred revenue is recorded as deferred commission expense until the related commission revenue is earned. 16 Table of Contents Equipment segment gross profit decreased by 589,000, or 23.1 , to 1,964,000, or 76.3 of equipment segment revenues, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2,553,000, or 79.2 of equipment segment revenues, for the year ended December 31, 2021, due to lower segment revenue as well as lower gross profit margin in our China operations. Equipment segment gross profits are dependent on a number of factors including the mix of products sold, their respective models and average selling prices, the ongoing costs of training, maintenance and servicing, as well as certain fixed period costs, including facilities, payroll and insurance. Operating Income Operating income was 7,033,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to operating income of 2,819,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 4,214,000, or 149 . The improvement was primarily attributable to the increase in operating income in the professional sales service segment to 10,099,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 5,918,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, due to higher gross profit, offset by higher operating expenses, and by a 442,000 improvement in the IT segment, which lowered its operating loss to 1,620,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 2,062,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, as a result primarily of lower operating expenses. Offsetting these improvements was a 212,000 increase in operating loss in the equipment segment to 180,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from operating income of 32,000 in the prior year resulting mainly from lower gross profit, partially offset by lower SG A expenses, and a 197,000 increase in corporate expenses to 1,266,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 1,069,000 in the prior year, mainly due to increases in insurance costs and director fees. Selling, general and administrative (SG A) expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 40,843,000, or 51.0 of revenues, and 38,593,000, or 51.1 of revenues, respectively, reflecting an increase of 2,250,000 or 5.8 . The increase in SG A expenditures in the year ended December 31, 2022 resulted primarily from a 2,202,000 increase in the professional sales service segment attributable mainly to higher sales personnel-related and travel costs; a 302,000 increase in the IT segment due to higher personnel and travel costs; a 47,000 decrease in the equipment segment due mainly to lower personnel costs in our China operations, and by a 197,000 increase in corporate expenses reflecting higher insurance costs and director fees. Research and development (R D) expenses of 605,000, or 1 of revenues, for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 1,116,000, or 65 , from 1,721,000, or 2 of revenues, for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease is primarily attributable to a one-time write-off of software development costs in our NetWolves operations in 2021. Adjusted EBITDA We define Adjusted EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization), which is a non-GAAP financial measure, as net (loss) income, plus net interest expense (income), tax expense, depreciation and amortization, and non-cash expenses for share-based compensation. Adjusted EBITDA is a metric that is used by the investment community for comparative and valuation purposes. We disclose this metric in order to support and facilitate the dialogue with research analysts and investors. Adjusted EBITDA is not a measure of financial performance under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP and should not be considered a substitute for operating income, which we consider to be the most directly comparable GAAP measure. Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, and when assessing our operating performance, you should not consider Adjusted EBITDA in isolation, or as a substitute for net income or other consolidated income statement data prepared in accordance with GAAP. Other companies may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently than we do, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. A reconciliation of net income to Adjusted EBITDA is set forth below: (in thousands) Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net income 11,873 6,100 Interest expense (income), net (85 301 Income tax (benefit) expense (4,743 151 Depreciation and amortization 1,923 3,840 Share-based compensation 35 31 Adjusted EBITDA 9,003 10,423 17 Table of Contents Adjusted EBITDA decreased by 1,420,000, to 9,003,000 in the year ended December 31, 2022, from 10,423,000 in the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily attributable to the lower depreciation and amortization and the change from income tax expense to income tax benefit, partially offset by higher net income and the change from net interest expense to net interest income, as compared to the prior year. Net income increased primarily due to higher revenue, gross profit and income tax benefit in 2022, partially offset by 3,646,000 gain on forgiveness of PPP loan and interest in 2021. Other Income (Expense), Net Other income (expense), net for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was 97,000 and 3,432,000, respectively, a decrease in net other income of 3,335,000. The decrease was due primarily to the gain on forgiveness of the PPP loan and interest of 3,646,000 in 2021, partially offset by 268,000 lower interest expense in 2022 due to reduced debt and finance lease obligations. Income Tax (Expense) Benefit During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded an income tax benefit of 4,743,000, as compared to income tax expense of 151,000 in the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company utilized 7,754,000 and 4,373,000 in net operating loss carryforwards for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The change to income tax benefit in 2022 arose primarily from the partial release of the deferred tax asset valuation allowance in 2022, due to estimated future taxable income. The Company has net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 31 million at December 31, 2022. Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash and Cash Flow For the year ended December 31, 2022 We have financed our operations and investment activities from working capital. At December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments of 20,325,000 and working capital of 10,292,000. 11,890,000 in negative working capital at December 31, 2022 is attributable to the net balance of deferred commission expense and deferred revenue. These are non-cash expense and revenue items and have no impact on future cash flows. At March 24, 2023 the Company s cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments were approximately 20.4 million. Cash provided by operating activities was 14,416,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022, which consisted of net income after non-cash adjustments of 9,260,000 and changes in operating assets and liabilities of 5,156,000. The changes in the account balances primarily reflect increases in deferred revenue, accrued expenses, and accrued commissions of 5,838,000, 1,392,000, and 1,094,000, respectively; partially offsetting these changes was an increase in other assets of 2,422,000 and a decrease in accounts payable of 521,000. Cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 8,417,000, consisting of 8,000,000 in purchases of short term investments and 566,000 in purchases of equipment and software, offset by 149,000 in redemption of short-term investments. Cash used in financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 230,000 in payments of notes and finance leases. 18 Table of Contents Liquidity The Company expects to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to satisfy its obligations at least for the next twelve months. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We do not participate in transactions that generate relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities (SPES), which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. As of December 31, 2022, we are not involved in any unconsolidated SPES or other off-balance sheet arrangements. Effects of Inflation We believe that inflation and changing prices over the past two years have not had a significant impact on our revenue or on our results of operations. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Note B of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements includes a summary of our significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our financial statements. In preparing these financial statements, we have made our best estimates and judgments of certain amounts included in the financial statements, giving due consideration to materiality. The application of these accounting policies involves the exercise of judgment and use of assumptions as to future uncertainties and, as a result, actual results could differ from these estimates. Our critical accounting policies and estimates are as follows: Allowance for Commission Adjustments In our professional sale service segment, we bill a portion of commissions on the orders we booked in advance of delivery of the underlying equipment. Such amounts are classified in our consolidated balance sheets in accounts receivable and deferred revenue, net of estimated commission adjustments. Similarly, commissions payable to our sales force related to such billings are recorded as deferred commission expense, net of the impact of the estimated commission adjustments, when the associated deferred revenue is recorded. The commission adjustments are based on estimates of future order cancellations, which is calculated based on historical cancellation rates and applicable credit policies. Valuation Allowance for Deferred Tax Assets Deferred income taxes are recognized for temporary differences between financial statement and income tax bases of assets and liabilities and loss carry forwards for which income tax benefits are expected to be realized in future years. A valuation allowance is established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. In estimating future tax consequences, we generally consider all expected future events other than an enactment of changes in the tax laws or rates. Deferred tax assets are continually evaluated for realizability. To the extent our judgment regarding the realization of the deferred tax assets changes, an adjustment to the allowance is recorded, with an offsetting increase or decrease, as appropriate, in income tax expense. Such adjustments are recorded in the period in which our estimate as to the realizability of the assets changed that it is more likely than not that all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. The more likely than not standard is subjective and is based upon our estimate of a greater than 50 probability that the deferred tax asset will be realized. Goodwill and Intangible Assets Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair value of net assets of businesses acquired. The Company accounts for goodwill under the guidance of the ASC Topic 350, Intangibles: Goodwill and Other . Goodwill acquired in a purchase business combination and determined to have an indefinite useful life is not amortized, but instead tested for impairment, at least annually, in accordance with this guidance. The recoverability of goodwill is subject to an annual impairment test or whenever an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not result in an impairment. The impairment test is based on the estimated fair value of the underlying businesses and performed in the fourth quarter of each year. Intangible assets consist of the value of customer contracts and relationships, patent and technology costs, and software. The cost of significant customer-related intangibles is amortized in proportion to estimated total related revenue; cost of other intangible assets is generally amortized on a straight-line basis over the asset's estimated economic life, which range from five to ten years. The Company capitalizes internal use software costs incurred during the application development stage. Costs related to preliminary project activities and post implementation activities are expensed as incurred. We evaluate whether events or circumstances have occurred that warrant a revision to the remaining useful lives of intangible assets. In cases where a revision is deemed appropriate, the remaining carrying amounts of the intangible assets are amortized over the revised remaining useful life. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Note B of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements includes a description of the Company s evaluation of recently issued accounting pronouncements. ITEM 8 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The consolidated financial statements listed in the accompanying Index to Consolidated Financial Statements are filed as part of this report. ITEM 9A - CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Report on Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures reporting as promulgated under the Exchange Act is defined as controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 19 Table of Contents Our CEO and our CFO have evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 and have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Internal control involves maintaining records that accurately represent our business transactions, providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with management authorization, and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements would be detected or prevented on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over our financial statements is not intended to provide absolute guarantee that a misstatement can be detected or prevented in the statements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in condition, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 COSO framework). A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Based on this evaluation and those criteria, the Company s CEO and CFO concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting were effective as of December 31, 2022. This report does not include an attestation report of the Company s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only Management s report in this Annual Report. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting For the quarter ended December 31, 2022 there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 20 Table of Contents ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION The Company held its Annual Meeting of Stockholders on November 15, 2022. At the meeting, the Company s stockholders voted to approve the following proposals: 1) The election of two directors in Class II to hold office until the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 2) The appointment of UHY LLP as our independent registered public accountants for the year ending December 31, 2022. The following table presents the voting results on these proposals: Approved Proposals Stockholder votes cast For Withheld Against Abstain Election of Directors Behnam Movaseghi 98,413,490 4,739,834 Jane Moen 98,983,419 4,169,905 Appointment of public accountants 129,365,135 3,192,285 91,592 21 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Directors of the Registrant As of March 24, 2023, the members of our Board of Directors are: Name of Director Age Principal Occupation Director Since Joshua Markowitz (2) 67 Chairman of the Board and Director June, 2015 David Lieberman 78 Vice Chairman of the Board and Director February, 2011 Jun Ma 59 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director June, 2007 Jane Moen 43 President, Vasohealthcare and Director March, 2020 Behnam Movaseghi (1) (2) 69 Director July, 2007 Edgar Rios (1) 70 Director February, 2011 ______________ (1) Member of the Audit Committee (2) Member of the Compensation Committee The following is a brief account of the business experience for at least the past five years of our directors: Joshua Markowitz has been a director since June 2015, and was appointed Chairman of the Board of the Company in August 2016. Mr. Markowitz has been a practicing attorney in the State of New Jersey for in excess of 30 years. He is currently a senior partner in the New Jersey law firm of Markowitz O Donnell, LLP. Mr. Markowitz was the brother-in-law of Mr. Simon Srybnik (deceased), the former Chairman and director of the Company. David Lieberman has been a director of the Company and the Vice Chairman of the Board, since February 2011. Mr. Lieberman has been a practicing attorney in the State of New York for more than 45 years, specializing in corporation and securities law. He is currently of counsel to the law firm of Ortoli Rosenstadt, LLP, which performs certain legal services for the Company and its subsidiaries. Mr. Lieberman is a former Chairman of the Board of Herley Industries, Inc., which was sold in March, 2011. Jun Ma, PhD , has been a director since June 2007 and was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company on October 16, 2008. Dr. Ma has held various positions in academia and business, and prior to becoming President and CEO of the Company, had provided technology and business consulting services to several domestic and international companies in aerospace, automotive, biomedical, medical device, and other industries, including Kerns Manufacturing Corp. and Living Data Technology Corp., both of which are stockholders of our Company. Dr. Ma received his PhD degree in mechanical engineering from Columbia University, MS degree in biomedical engineering from Shanghai University, and BS degree in precision machinery and instrumentation from University of Science and Technology of China. Jane Moen has been a director since March 2020 and an executive officer of the Company since November 2022. Ms. Moen has been President of the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary Vaso Diagnostics, Inc. d/b/a VasoHealthcare since June 2018 following a remarkable career track record at VasoHealthcare, starting as an Account Manager at the inception of VasoHealthcare in April 2010 and being promoted to Regional Manager in January 2012, Director of Product Business Lines in July 2012 and Vice President of Sales in April 2016. Jane Moen has been in the medical sales industry for over 17 years, having had prior experience with Ledford Medical Sales, Vital Signs, Inc., Pfizer Inc. and Ecolab, Inc. Behnam Movaseghi, CPA , has been a director since July 2007. Mr. Movaseghi has been treasurer of Kerns Manufacturing Corporation since 2000, and controller from 1990 to 2000. For approximately ten years prior thereto Mr. Movaseghi was a tax and financial consultant. Mr. Movaseghi is a Certified Public Accountant. 22 Table of Contents Edgar G. Rios has been a director of the Company since February 2011. Mr. Rios currently is President of Edgary Consultants, LLC. and was appointed a director in conjunction with the Company s prior consulting agreement with Edgary Consultants, LLC. Most recently from 2008 thru the end of 2016, Mr. Rios was the Co-founder, CEO and Managing Member of SHD Oil Gas LLC, an oil and gas exploration and development firm operating on the reservation of the Three Affiliate Tribes in North Dakota. Previously, Mr. Rios was a co-founder, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Director of AmeriChoice Corporation from its inception in 1989 through its acquisition by UnitedHealthcare in 2002 and continued as a senior executive with United Healthcare through 2007. Prior to co-founding AmeriChoice, Mr. Rios was a senior executive with a number of businesses that provided technology services and non-technology products to government purchasers. Over the years, Mr. Rios also has been an investor, providing seed capital to various technology and nontechnology start-ups. Mr. Rios serves on the Board of Advisors of Columbia Law School. Mr. Rios also serves as a member of the Board of Trustees of Meharry Medical School and the Brookings Institution in Washington; and as a director of the An-Bryce Foundation and Los Padres Foundation in Virginia. Mr. Rios holds a J.D. from Columbia University Law School and an A.B. from Princeton University. Committees of the Board of Directors Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert The Board has a standing Audit Committee. The Board has affirmatively determined that each director who serves on the Audit Committee is independent, as the term is defined by applicable Securities and Exchange Commission SEC rules. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Audit Committee consisted of Edgar Rios, committee chair, and Behnam Movaseghi. The members of the Audit Committee have substantial experience in assessing the performance of companies, gained as members of the Company s Board of Directors and Audit Committee, as well as by serving in various capacities in other companies or governmental agencies. As a result, they each have an understanding of financial statements. The Board believes that Behnam Movaseghi fulfills the role of the financial expert on this committee. The Audit Committee regularly meets with our independent registered public accounting firm without the presence of management. The Audit Committee operates under a charter approved by the Board of Directors. The Audit Committee charter is available on our website. Compensation Committee Our Compensation Committee annually establishes, subject to the approval of the Board of Directors and any applicable employment agreements, the compensation that will be paid to our executive officers during the coming year, as well as administers our stock-based benefit plans. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Compensation Committee consisted of Joshua Markowitz, committee chair, and Behnam Movaseghi. Neither of these persons has been officers or employees of the Company at the time of his position on the committee, or, except as otherwise disclosed, had any relationship requiring disclosure herein. The Compensation Committee operates under a charter approved by the Board of Directors. The Compensation Committee charter is available on our website. MEETINGS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND COMMITTEES During the year ended December 31, 2022 there were: 4 meetings of the Board of Directors 5 meetings of the Audit Committee 2 meetings of the Compensation Committee 23 Table of Contents Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires directors, executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of our common stock (collectively, Reporting Persons to file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock with the SEC. Reporting Persons are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. To our knowledge, based solely on our review of the copies of such reports received or written representations from certain Reporting Persons that no other reports were required, we believe that during the year ended December 31, 2022 all Reporting Persons timely complied with all applicable filing requirements. Corporate Governance - Code of Ethics We have adopted a Corporate Code of Business Ethics (the Code that applies to all employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and directors of the Company. A copy of the Code can be found on our website, www.vasocorporation.com. The Code is broad in scope and is intended to foster honest and ethical conduct, including accurate financial reporting, compliance with laws and the like. If any substantive amendments are made to the Code or if there is any grant of waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the Code to our Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer, we will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Executive Officers of the Registrant As of March 24, 2023 our executive officers are: Name of Officer Age Position held with the Company Jun Ma, PhD 59 President, Chief Executive Officer Peter C. Castle 54 Chief Operating Officer Jane Moen 43 President of Vasohealthcare Michael J. Beecher 78 Co-Chief Financial Officer and Secretary Jonathan P. Newton 62 Co-Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Peter Castle was a director from August 2010 to December 2019 and was appointed the Chief Operating Officer of the Company after the NetWolves acquisition in June 2015. Prior to the acquisition, Mr. Castle was the President and Chief Executive Officer of NetWolves Network Services, LLC, where he has been employed since 1998. At NetWolves, Mr. Castle also held the position of Chief Financial Officer from 2001 until October 2009, Vice President of Finance since January 2000, Controller from August 1998 until December 1999 and Treasurer and Secretary from August 1999. Michael J. Beecher, CPA , was Chief Financial Officer of the Company from September 2011 and Co-Chief Financial Officer since December 10, 2019. Prior to joining Vasomedical in 2011, Mr. Beecher was Chief Financial Officer of Direct Insite Corp., a publicly held company, from December 2003 to September 2011. Prior to his position at Direct Insite, Mr. Beecher was Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of FiberCore, Inc., a publicly held company in the fiber-optics industry. From 1989 to 1995 he was Vice-President Administration and Finance at the University of Bridgeport. Mr. Beecher began his career in public accounting with Haskins Sells, an international public accounting firm. He is a graduate of the University of Connecticut, a Certified Public Accountant and a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Jonathan P. Newton served as Chief Financial Officer of the Company from September 1, 2010 to September 8, 2011, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer until December 10, 2019, and is currently Co-Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. From June 2006 to August 2010, Mr. Newton was Director of Budgets and Financial Analysis for Curtiss-Wright Flow Control. Prior to his position at Curtiss-Wright Flow Control, Mr. Newton was Vasomedical s Director of Budgets and Analysis from August 2001 to June 2006. Prior positions included Controller of North American Telecommunications Corp., Accounting Manager for Luitpold Pharmaceuticals, positions of increasing responsibility within the internal audit function of the Northrop Grumman Corporation and approximately three and one half years as an accountant for Deloitte Haskins Sells, during which time Mr. Newton became a Certified Public Accountant. Mr. Newton holds a B.S. in Accounting from SUNY at Albany, and a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Hofstra University. 24 Table of Contents ITEM 11 - EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The following table sets forth the annual and long-term compensation of our Chief Executive Officer and each of our most highly compensated officers and employees who were serving as executive officers or employees at the end of the last completed fiscal year for services rendered for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Summary Compensation Table Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) (1) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation ) (2) Total ) Jun Ma, PhD 2022 500,000 220,000 85,323 805,323 Chief Executive Officer 2021 500,000 100,000 87,041 687,041 Peter C. Castle 2022 350,000 20,000 13,368 383,368 Chief Operating Officer 2021 350,000 35,000 13,950 398,950 Jane Moen 2022 293,750 245,000 11,145 549,895 President of VasoHealthcare 2021 275,000 225,000 26,931 526,931 Michael J. Beecher 2022 102,000 20,000 3,362 125,362 Co-Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 2021 108,000 20,000 3,360 131,360 Jonathan P. Newton 2022 215,000 120,000 11,416 346,416 Co-Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 2021 200,000 50,000 10,261 260,261 __________________ (1) Represents fair value on the date of grant. See Note B to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2022 for a discussion of the relevant assumptions used in calculating grant date fair value. (2) Represents tax gross-ups, lodging and vehicle allowances, Company-paid life insurance, and amounts matched in the Company s 401(k) Plan. Outstanding Equity Awards at Last Fiscal Year End The following table provides information concerning outstanding options, unvested stock and equity incentive plan awards for our named executive officers at December 31, 2022: Option Awards Stock Awards Name Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options - Exercisable Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options - Unexercisable Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options Option Exercise Price Option Expiration Date Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested Jun Ma, PhD 1,000,000 50,000 - - Jane Moen 400,000 20,000 - - Jonathan P. Newton 200,000 10,000 - - 25 Table of Contents The future vesting dates of the above stock awards are: Name Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested Vesting Date Jun Ma, PhD 1,000,000 6/1/2023 Jane Moen 200,000 4/1/2023 200,000 4/1/2024 Jonathan P. Newton 100,000 1/1/2023 100,000 1/1/2024 Employment Agreements On May 10, 2019, the Company modified its Employment Agreement with its President and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Jun Ma, to provide for a five-year term with extensions, unless earlier terminated by the Company, but in no event can it extend beyond May 31, 2026. The Employment Agreement provides for annual compensation of 500,000. Dr. Ma shall be eligible to receive a bonus for each fiscal year during the employment term. The amount and the occasion for payment of such bonus, if any, shall be at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Dr. Ma shall also be eligible for an award under any long-term incentive compensation plan and grants of options and awards of shares of the Company s stock, as determined at the Board of Directors discretion. The Employment Agreement further provides for reimbursement of certain expenses, and certain severance benefits in the event of termination prior to the expiration date of the Employment Agreement. On December 31, 2022, the Company executed an Employment Agreement with the President of its VasoHealthcare subsidiary, Ms. Jane Moen, to provide for a twenty-seven month initial term with extensions, unless earlier terminated by the Company, but in no event can it extend beyond December 31, 2026. The Employment Agreement provides for annual base compensation of 350,000. Ms. Moen shall be eligible to receive bonuses for each fiscal year during the employment term. The amount and the occasion for payment of such bonuses, if any, shall be based on employment status and achieving certain operating targets. Ms. Moen shall also be eligible for an award under any long-term incentive compensation plan and grants of options and awards of shares of the Company s stock, as determined at the Board of Directors discretion. The Employment Agreement further provides for reimbursement of certain expenses, and certain severance benefits in the event of termination prior to the expiration date of the Employment Agreement. 401(k) Plan The Company maintains a defined contribution plan to provide retirement benefits for its employees - the Vaso Corporation 401(k) Plan adopted in April 1997. As allowed under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code, the plan provides tax-deferred salary deductions for eligible employees. Employees are eligible to participate in the next quarter enrollment period after employment under the Vaso Corporation Plan. Participants may make voluntary contributions to the plan up to 80 of their compensation under the Vaso Corporation Plan. In the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company made discretionary contributions of approximately 112,000 and 129,000, respectively, to match a percentage of employee contributions. 26 Table of Contents Director s Compensation Each of the non-employee directors receives an annual fee of 30,000 as well as a fee of 2,500 for each Board of Directors and Committee meeting attended, except for the Chairman who receives a flat fee of 120,000 per annum. Committee chairs receive an additional annual fee of 5,000. Each director also received a fee of 20,000 plus an additional 20,000 per committee seat. Fees Earned or Paid in Cash Stock Awards Option Awards Non-equity Incentive Plan Compensation Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings All Other Compensation (1) Total Name ) ) ) ) ) ) ) David Lieberman 60,000 - - - - 28,649 88,649 Joshua Markowitz 160,000 - - - - - 160,000 Behnam Movaseghi 117,500 - - - - - 117,500 Edgar Rios 97,500 - - - - - 97,500 (1) Represents health benefit premiums. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Compensation Committee consisted of Joshua Markowitz, committee chair, and Behnam Movaseghi. Neither of these persons were officers or employees of the Company during the time they held positions on the committee, or, except as otherwise disclosed, had any relationship requiring disclosure herein. ITEM 12 - SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table sets forth the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock as of March 24, 2023 of (i) each person known by us to beneficially own 5 or more of the shares of outstanding common stock, based solely on filings with the SEC, (ii) each of our executive officers and directors, and (iii) all of our executive officers and directors as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, all shares are beneficially owned, and investment and voting power is held by the persons named as owners. To our knowledge, except under community property laws or as otherwise noted, the persons and entities named in the table have sole voting and sole investment power over their shares of our common stock. Unless otherwise indicated, each beneficial owner listed below maintains a mailing address of c/o Vaso Corporation, 137 Commercial Street, Plainview, New York 11803. Name of Beneficial Owner Common Stock Beneficially Owned (1) of Common Stock (2) Joshua Markowitz (3) 56,088,318 32.03 Jun Ma, PhD 10,298,146 5.88 Peter Castle 3,125,000 1.78 Edgar Rios 1,625,000 Jane Moen 1,605,087 David Lieberman 1,599,200 Jonathan Newton 1,275,000 Michael J. Beecher 1,240,400 Behnam Movaseghi 1,189,404 Directors and executive officers as a group (9 persons) 78,045,555 44.56 Less than 1 of the Company s common stock (1) No officer or director owns more than one percent of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company unless otherwise indicated. (2) Applicable percentages are based on 175,127,878 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 24, 2023, adjusted as required by rules promulgated by the SEC. (3) Joshua Markowitz is the record holder of 350,000 shares of our common stock. Additionally, 55,738,318 shares are held in trust funds of which Mr. Markowitz is the sole trustee. 27 Table of Contents Equity Compensation Plan Information We maintain various stock plans under which stock options and stock grants are awarded at the discretion of our Board of Directors or its Compensation Committee. The purchase price of the shares under the plans and the shares subject to each option granted is not less than the fair market value on the date of the grant. The term of each option is generally five years and is determined at the time of the grant by our board of directors or the compensation committee. The participants in these plans are officers, directors, employees, and consultants of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. Plan category (a) Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (c) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Equity Compensation plans approved by security holders - 0.00 - Equity Compensation plans not approved by security holders (1) 1,050,000 0.00 9,955,580 Total 1,050,000 9,955,580 (1) Includes 50,000 shares of restricted common stock granted, but unissued, under the 2013 Plan, and 1,000,000 shares of restricted common stock granted, but unissued, under the 2016 Plan. The exercise price for the stock grants is zero. 755,580 shares, 700,000 shares, and 8,500,000 shares remain available for future grants under the 2013 Plan, 2016 Plan, and 2019 Plan, respectively. See Note P to the Consolidated Financial Statements for description of the material features of our current stock plans not approved by stockholders. ITEM 13 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Director I ndependence We have adopted the NASDAQ Stock Market s standards for determining the independence of directors. Under these standards, an independent director means a person other than an executive officer or one of our employees or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the Board of Directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. In addition, the following persons shall not be considered independent: a director who is, or at any time during the past three years was, employed by us; a director who accepted or who has a family member who accepted any compensation from us in excess of 100,000 during any period of twelve consecutive months within the three years preceding the determination of independence, other than the following: o compensation for service on the Board of Directors or any committee thereof; o compensation paid to a family member who is one of our employees (other than an executive officer); or o under a tax-qualified retirement plan, or non-discretionary compensation; 28 Table of Contents a director who is a family member of an individual who is, or at any time during the past three years was, employed by us as an executive officer; a director who is, or has a family member who is, a partner in, or a controlling stockholder or an executive officer of, any organization to which we made, or from which we received, payments for property or services in the current or any of the past three fiscal years that exceed 5 of the recipient s consolidated gross revenues for that year, or 200,000, whichever is more, other than the following: o payments arising solely from investments in our securities; or o payments under non-discretionary charitable contribution matching programs; a director who is, or has a family member who is, employed as an executive officer of another entity where at any time during the past three years any of our executive officers served on the compensation committee of such other entity; or a director who is, or has a family member who is, a current partner of our outside auditor, or was a partner or employee of our outside auditor who worked on our audit at any time during any of the past three years. For purposes of the NASDAQ independence standards, the term family member means a person s spouse, parents, children and siblings, whether by blood, marriage or adoption, or anyone residing in such person s home. The Board of Directors has assessed the independence of each non-employee director under the independence standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market set forth above, and has affirmatively determined that three of our non-employee directors (Mr. Rios, Mr. Markowitz and Mr. Movaseghi) are independent. We expect each director to attend every meeting of the Board and the committees on which he serves as well as the annual meeting. In the year ended December 31, 2022, all directors attended both the annual meeting and at least 75 of the meetings of the Board and the committees on which they served. ITEM 14 - PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES UHY LLP and MaloneBailey LLP, as our respective current and prior independent registered public accounting firm, performed the audits of our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The following table sets forth all fees for such periods: 2022 2021 Audit fees 235,000 228,000 Tax fees - - All other fees - - Total 235,000 228,000 The Audit Committee has adopted a policy that requires advance approval of all audit, audit-related, tax services, and other services performed by the Company s independent auditor. Accordingly, the Audit Committee must approve the permitted service before the independent auditor is engaged to perform it. In accordance with such policies, the Audit Committee approved 100 of the services relative to the above fees. 29 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules (1) See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1 at beginning of attached financial statements. (a) Exhibits (3)(i) (a) Restated Certificate of Incorporation (2) (b) Certificate of Designations of Preferences and Rights of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock (3) (c) Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation (11) (3)(ii) By-Laws (1) (4) (a) Specimen Certificate for Common Stock (1) (b) Specimen Certificate for Series E Convertible Preferred Stock (5) (c) Secured Subordinated Note, dated as of May 29, 2015, between Vasomedical, Inc. and MedTechnology Investments LLC (9) (10) (a) Form of Stock Purchase Agreement (3) (b) Redacted Sales Representative Agreement between GE Healthcare Division of General Electric Company and Vaso Diagnostics, Inc. d/b/a VasoHealthcare, a subsidiary of Vasomedical, Inc. dated as of May 19, 2010 (4). (c) 2010 Stock Plan (5). (d) Employment Agreement entered into as of March 21, 2011 between Vasomedical, Inc. and Jun Ma, as amended. (8) (e) Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of August 19, 2011 among Vasomedical, Inc., Fast Growth Enterprises Limited (FGE) and the FGE Shareholders (6) (f) Amendment to Sales Representative Agreement between GE Healthcare Division of General Electric Company and Vaso Diagnostics, Inc. d/b/a VasoHealthcare, a subsidiary of Vasomedical, Inc. dated as of June 20, 2012 (7) (g) 2013 Stock Plan (12) (h) Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of May 29, 2015, by and among Vasomedical, Inc., VasoTechnology, Inc., NetWolves, LLC and NetWolves Corporation (9) (i) Subordinated Security Agreement dated as of May 29, 2015 by and between Vasomedical, Inc. and MedTechnology Investments LLC (9) (j) Employment Agreement dated as of June 1, 2015 between Vasomedical, Inc. and Peter C. Castle (10) (k) 2016 Stock Plan (13) (l) 2019 Stock Plan (14) 30 Table of Contents (21) Subsidiaries of the Registrant Name State of Incorporation Percentage Owned by Company Vaso Diagnostics, Inc. New York 100 VasoMedical, Inc. Delaware 100 Vasomedical Global Corp. New York 100 Vasomedical Solutions, Inc. New York 100 VasoHealthcare IT Corp. Delaware 100 VasoTechnology, Inc. Delaware 100 NetWolves Network Services LLC Florida 100 EECP Global Corporation New York 49 Fast Growth Enterprises Limited British Virgin Islands 100 (31) Certification Reports pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a - 14 (32) Certification Reports pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 __________________________ (1) Incorporated by reference to Registration Statement on Form S-18, No. 33-24095. (2) Incorporated by reference to Registration Statement on Form S-1, No. 33-46377 (effective 7/12/94). (3) Incorporated by reference to Report on Form 8-K dated June 21, 2010. (4) Incorporated by reference to Report on Form 8-K/A dated May 19, 2010 and filed November 9, 2010. (5) Incorporated by reference to Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2010. (6) Incorporated by reference to Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2011. (7) Incorporated by reference to Report on Form 8-K dated June 20, 2012. (8) Incorporated by reference to Report on Form 8-K dated March 21, 2011. (9) Incorporated by reference to Report on Form 8-K dated May 29, 2015. (10) Incorporated by reference to Report on Form 8-K dated October 8, 2015. (11) Incorporated by reference to Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016. (12) Incorporated by reference to Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2013. (13) Incorporated by reference to Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016. (14) Incorporated by reference to Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019. 31 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we have duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on the 31 st day of March 2023. VASO CORPORATION By: /s/ Jun Ma Jun Ma President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below on March 31, 2023, by the following persons in the capacities indicated: /s/ Jun Ma President, Chief Executive Officer Jun Ma and Director (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Michael Beecher Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Michael Beecher /s/ Joshua Markowitz Chairman of the Board Joshua Markowitz /s/ David Lieberman Vice Chairman of the Board David Lieberman /s/ Jane Moen Director Jane Moen /s/ Edgar Rios Director Edgar Rios /s/ Behnam Movaseghi Director Behnam Movaseghi 32 Table of Contents Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Financial Statements Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-7 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-8 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-9 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-10 F-34 F-1 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respect, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to an account or disclosure that is material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. F-2 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries Page Two Critical Audit Matter - Revenue recognized from sales commission with General Electric Healthcare (GEHC) As discussed in Notes A and B to the financial statements, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary VasoHealthcare (VHC), was appointed the exclusive representative for the sale of GEHC s diagnostics imaging equipment to specific market segments and recognized sales commission revenue when the underlying equipment and services have been delivered or completed by GEHC. VHC has total sales commission revenue of approximately 37.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which is concentrated solely with GEHC. We identified the testing of sales commission revenue generated from GEHC as a critical audit matter. Specifically, the sales commission revenue is calculated through complicated formulas including order data from various files obtained from GEHC monthly and is stored in a spreadsheet file based on the master agreement and various subsequent amendments between GEHC and the Company. The audit of the spreadsheet file requires significant efforts from auditors due to the volume of data, size of the file, and complexity of formulas within the spreadsheet file. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit During the audit, we obtained an understanding of the design and implementation of the internal control over the revenue recognition process. For selected orders based on our judgment, we tested the Company s master file for completeness, traced the data source to the various files that are further directly confirmed with GEHC on sales order and delivery, tested the formulas for its accuracy and reasonableness and agreed the commission rates to the agreements between GEHC and further confirmed with GEHC as to which sales region achieved the target order volume. Critical Audit Matter Valuation of Deferred Tax Assets As discussed in Note B to the financial statements, the Company records a valuation allowance to reduce total net deferred tax assets when a judgment is made that is considered more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. At December 31, 2022, the Company recognized net deferred tax assets of approximately 5 million and an income tax benefit of approximately 4.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 based on a determination that the realization of these deferred tax assets are probable. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences will become deductible. We identified the realizability of deferred tax assets as a critical audit matter. The principal considerations for our determination that the realizability of deferred tax assets is a critical audit matter are that the forecast of future taxable income is subject to a high level of estimation and the determination of any limitations on the utilization of net operating loss carryforwards involve complex calculations and judgment. There is inherent uncertainty and subjectivity related to management s judgments and assumptions regarding the Company s future taxable income, which are complex in nature and require significant auditor judgment. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit During the audit, we obtained an understanding of the controls relating to the assessment on recoverability of the deferred tax assets and tested the reasonableness of management s corporate model used to estimate future taxable income by comparing the estimates to historical taxable income, evidence obtained in other areas of the audit and management s history and ability to carry out its plans and involved income tax professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in assessing the Company s application of tax laws and evaluating the realizability of deferred tax assets. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. March 31, 2023 F-3 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Vaso Corporation Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Vaso Corporation and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Revenue recognized from commission sales with General Electric Healthcare (GEHC) Description of the Matter As discussed in Notes A and B to the consolidated financial statements, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary VasoHealthcare (VHC), was appointed the exclusive representative for the sale of GEHC diagnostics imaging equipment to specific market segments and recognized commission revenue when the underlying equipment/services have been delivered/completed by GEHC. VHC has a total commission revenue of 29,441 (in thousands) for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 100 of it is with GEHC. F-4 Table of Contents We identified the testing of commission revenue generated from GEHC as a critical audit matter. Specifically, the commission revenue is calculated through complicated formula including order data from various files obtained from GEHC monthly and is stored in a excel file and based on the one master agreement and various subsequent amendments between GEHC and the Company. The audit of the excel file requires significant efforts from auditors due to the volume of data, the size of the file, and the complexity of the formulas inside of the file. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit During the audit, we obtained an understanding of the design and implementation of the internal control over the revenue recognition process including certain general computer controls, applications controls and monitor controls and tested access control of the master excel worksheet. For selected orders based on our judgment, we inspected the Company s master file, traced the data source to the various files that are further directly confirmed with GEHC, tested the formula for its accuracy and reasonableness and agreed the commission rates and incentives to the agreements between GEHC and further confirmed with GEHC on the incentives as to which sales region achieved the incentive target. /s/ Malone Bailey LLP www.malonebailey.com We have served as the Company s auditor from 2019 to 2022. Houston, Texas March 31, 2022 F-5 Table of Contents Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands, except share and per share data) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts and other receivables, net of an allowance for doubtful accounts and commission adjustments of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 Receivables due from related parties Inventories, net Deferred commission expense Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 Operating lease right of use assets Goodwill Intangibles, net Other assets, net Investment in EECP Global Deferred tax assets, net Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES Accounts payable Accrued commissions Accrued expenses and other liabilities Finance lease liabilities - current Operating lease liabilities - current Sales tax payable Deferred revenue - current portion Notes payable - current portion Due to related party Total current liabilities LONG-TERM LIABILITIES Notes payable, net of current portion Finance lease liabilities, net of current portion Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Deferred revenue, net of current portion Other long-term liabilities Total long-term liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (NOTE R) STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued at December 31, 2022 and 2021; shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Treasury stock, at cost, shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (in thousands, except per share data) Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenues Managed IT systems and services Professional sales services Equipment sales and services Total revenues Cost of revenues Cost of managed IT systems and services Cost of professional sales services Cost of equipment sales and services Total cost of revenues Gross profit Operating expenses Selling, general and administrative Research and development Total operating expenses Operating income Other (expense) income Interest and financing costs Interest and other income, net Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan Loss on disposal of fixed assets Total other income, net Income before income taxes Income tax benefit (expense) Net income Other comprehensive income Foreign currency translation (loss) gain Comprehensive income Income per common share - basic and diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic - diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-7 Table of Contents Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (in thousands) Accumulated Additional Other Total Common Stock Treasury Stock Paid-in- Accumulated Comprehensive Stockholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Income (Loss) Equity Balance at January 1, 2021 Share-based compensation - Foreign currency translation gain - - Net income - - Balance at December 31, 2021 Balance at January 1, 2022 Share-based compensation - - Foreign currency translation loss - - Net income - - Balance at December 31, 2022 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-8 Table of Contents Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes Loss from investment in EECP Global Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan Provision for doubtful accounts and commission adjustments Write-down of inventory Share-based compensation Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts and other receivables Due from related parties Inventories Deferred commission expense Prepaid expenses and other current assets Other assets, net Accounts payable Accrued commissions Accrued expenses and other liabilities Sales tax payable Deferred revenue Due to related party Other long-term liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Purchases of equipment and software Purchases of short-term investments Redemption of short-term investments Net cash used in investing activities Cash flows from financing activities Repayment on revolving lines of credit Repayment of notes payable and finance lease obligations Net cash used in financing activities Effect of exchange rate differences on cash and cash equivalents NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS Cash and cash equivalents - beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents - end of period SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH INFORMATION Interest paid Income taxes paid SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES Initial recognition of operating lease right of use asset and liability The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-9 Table of Contents Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-10 Table of Contents Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-11 Table of Contents Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Revenue Recognition F-12 Table of Contents Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Software sales and support Commissions Medical equipment sales Medical equipment service 80,017 75,579 Revenue recognized at a point in time 80,017 75,579 Transaction Price Allocated to Remaining Performance Obligations As of December 31, 2021, the aggregate amount of transaction price allocated to performance obligations that were unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied) for executed contracts approximated million. Contract Balances and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are included in accrued expenses and other liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. In our VasoHealthcare business, we bill a portion of commissions on the orders we booked in advance of delivery of the underlying equipment. Such amounts aggregated approximately and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are classified in our consolidated balance sheets into current or long-term deferred revenue net of estimated commission adjustments. In addition, we record a contract liability for amounts expected to be credited back to GEHC due to customer order reductions. Such amounts aggregated approximately and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are included in accrued expenses and other liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. F-13 Table of Contents Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and are classified in our consolidated balance sheets as either current or long-term deferred revenue. The following table summarizes the Company s contract receivable and contract liability balances: 2022 2021 Contract receivables - January 1 15,761 10,200 Contract receivables - December 31 16,316 15,761 Increase (decrease) 555 5,561 Contract liabilities - January 1 26,890 19,375 Contract liabilities - December 31 33,861 26,890 Increase (decrease) 6,971 7,515 The increase in contract liabilities is due primarily to order bookings exceeding deliveries in our VasoHealthcare business. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized approximately million and million, respectively, of revenues that were included in our contract liability balance at the beginning of such periods. Costs to Obtain or Fulfill a Contract and of amortization related to these sales commission assets in Cost of professional sales services in 2022 and 2021, respectively, and approximately and of amortization in Selling, general and administrative expense in 2022 and 2021, respectively, in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our consolidated balance sheets include approximately and , respectively, in capitalized sales commissions - primarily in our professional sales services segment - to be expensed in future periods, of which and , respectively, is recorded in deferred commission expense and and , respectively, representing the long-term portion, is included in other assets. Significant Judgments when Applying Topic 606 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. The Company also records commission adjustments to contract liabilities in its professional sales service segment based on estimates of future order cancellations. Such cancellations also result in adjustments to the related capitalized cost to obtain or fulfill a contract. Shipping and Handling Costs F-14 Table of Contents Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Share-Based Compensation restricted shares of common stock valued at to employees. The shares vest over three and five years from the grant date. The total fair value of shares vested during the year ended December 31, 2022 was for officers and for employees. The weighted average grant date fair value of shares granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 was per share, based on the closing price as of the grant date. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company granted restricted shares of common stock valued at to an employee. The shares vest over three years from the grant date. The total fair value of shares vested during the year ended December 31, 2021 was for officers and for employees. The weighted average grant date fair value of shares granted during the year ended December 31, 2021 was per share. The Company did not grant any stock options during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021, nor were any options exercised during such periods. No options were outstanding at December 31, 2022 or 2021. Share-based compensation expense recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively, and is recorded in selling, general, and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. Unrecognized expense related to existing share-based compensation and arrangements is approximately 125,000 at December 31, 2022 and will be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately 54 months. Cash and Cash Equivalents Short term investments at December 31, 2022. Their fair value at December 31, 2022 is approximately and the unrecognized holding loss is for the year ended December 31, 2022. The bank deposits are carried at fair value of approximately at December 31, 2022 and are classified as available-for-sale. Realized gains or losses on the bank deposits are included in net income. The Company does not expect a credit loss for its short-term investments. F-15 Table of Contents Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-16 Table of Contents Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Bank deposits (included in short term investments) Bank deposits (included in short term investments) Accounts Receivable, net Provision for losses on accounts receivable Direct write-offs, net of recoveries Commission adjustments Ending Balance F-17 Table of Contents Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 or more of revenues or accounts receivable. In our professional sales service segment, of our revenues and accounts receivable are with GEHC; however, we believe this risk is acceptable based on GEHC s financial position and our long history of doing business with GEHC. The Company maintains cash balances in certain U.S. financial institutions, which, at times, may exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Corporation FDIC coverage of . The Company has not experienced any losses on these accounts and believes it is not subject to any significant credit risk on these accounts. In addition, the FDIC does not insure the Company s foreign bank balances, which aggregated approximately and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Inventories Property and Equipment Impairment of Long-lived Assets in long-lived assets to be impaired. The impairment loss is reflected in cost of managed IT systems and services in the Company s consolidated statement of operations. No assets were determined to be impaired as of December 31, 2022. Goodwill and Intangible Assets F-18 Table of Contents Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Deferred Revenue Income Taxes probability that the deferred tax asset can be realized. The Company also complies with the provisions of ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes , which prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by the relevant taxing authority based on the technical merits. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the relevant taxing authority. Derecognition of a tax benefit previously recognized results in the Company recording a tax liability that reduces ending retained earnings. Based on its analysis, the Company has determined that it has not incurred any liability for unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. No amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Generally, the Company is no longer subject to income tax examinations by major domestic taxing authorities for years before 2019. According to the China tax regulatory framework, there is no statute of limitations on examination of tax filings by tax authorities. However, the general practice is going back five years. Management is currently unaware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviations from its position. F-19 Table of Contents Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and , respectively, which were entirely from foreign currency translation. Net Income Per Common Share Dilutive effect of unvested restricted shares Diluted weighted average shares outstanding No common stock equivalents were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements Credit Losses on Financial instruments Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements F-20 Table of Contents Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Professional sales service Equipment Total revenues Gross Profit IT Professional sales service Equipment Total gross profit Operating income (loss) IT Professional sales service Equipment Corporate Total operating income Depreciation and amortization IT Professional sales service Equipment Corporate Total depreciation and amortization Capital expenditures IT Professional sales service Equipment Corporate Total cash capital expenditures F-21 Table of Contents Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Professional sales service Equipment Corporate Total assets and of revenue, respectively. Also, GEHC accounted for million, or , and million, or , of accounts and other receivables at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our revenues were derived from the following geographic areas: Non-domestic (foreign) Allowance for doubtful accounts and commission adjustments Accounts and other receivables, net Trade receivables include amounts due for shipped products and services rendered. Amounts currently due under the GEHC Agreement are subject to adjustment in subsequent periods should the underlying sales order amount, upon which the receivable is based, change. Allowance for doubtful accounts and commission adjustments include estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make required payments, and adjustments arising from estimated future changes in sales order amounts that may reduce the amount the Company will ultimately receive under the GEHC Agreement. Work in process Finished goods At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company maintained reserves for slow moving inventories of and , respectively. F-22 Table of Contents Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Equipment furnished for customer or clinical uses Right of use assets - finance leases Furniture and fixtures Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization Property and equipment, net Accumulated amortization of right of use ROU assets under finance leases aggregated approximately and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Depreciation expense amounted to approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization of ROU assets under finance leases is included in depreciation expense. is attributable to the NetWolves reporting unit within the IT segment. The remaining of goodwill is attributable to the FGE reporting unit within the Equipment segment. The NetWolves and FGE reporting units had negative net asset carrying amounts at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill are as follows: Foreign currency translation adjustment End of period F-23 Table of Contents Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Accumulated amortization Patents and Technology Costs Accumulated amortization Software Costs Accumulated amortization The Company owns, through our Chinese subsidiaries, thirty-seven invention and utility patents that expire at various times through 2041, as well as sixteen software copyright certificates in China related to proprietary technologies in physiological data acquisition, analysis and reporting. The Company also holds one patent for secure and remote monitoring management through its NetWolves subsidiary. Costs incurred for submitting the applications to the United States Patent and Trademark Office and other foreign authorities for these patents have been capitalized. Patent and technology costs are being amortized using the straight-line method over 10-year and 8-year lives, respectively. The Company begins amortizing patent costs once a filing receipt is received stating the patent serial number and filing date from the Patent Office or other foreign authority. The cost of significant customer-related intangibles is amortized in proportion to estimated total related revenue; cost of other customer-related intangible assets is amortized on a straight-line basis over the asset s estimated economic life of seven years. Software costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over its expected useful life of five years. In 2022, the Company disposed of approximately in fully amortized software costs. Amortization expense amounted to approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization of intangibles for the next five years is: 2024 2025 2026 2027 F-24 Table of Contents Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Trade receivables - noncurrent Other, net of allowance for loss on loan receivable of 412 at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Net additions: Deferred extended service contracts Deferred commission revenues Recognized as revenue: Deferred extended service contracts Deferred commission revenues Deferred revenue at end of period Less: current portion Long-term deferred revenue at end of period Accrued expenses - other Order reduction liability Other liabilities F-25 Table of Contents Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and approximately for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, payable to MedTechnology Investments, LLC MedTech pursuant to its promissory notes Notes ). The MedTech Notes were used in 2015 to partially fund the purchase of NetWolves. of the provided by MedTech was provided by directors of the Company, or by family members. The Notes were fully repaid in December 2021. David Lieberman, a practicing attorney in the State of New York, serves as Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors. Until July 2022, he was a senior partner at the law firm of Beckman Lieberman and Associates, LLP, which performed certain legal services for the Company. Fees of approximately and were billed by the firm for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, at which dates no amounts were outstanding. Less: current portion Notes payable consists of a vehicle loan. The note is secured by the vehicle, bears interest at per annum and matures in August 2025. On December 30, 2022, the Company executed a million revolving credit agreement with a lending institution. Advances under the agreement bear interest at Wall Street Journal Prime Rate and are secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company. The agreement expires and includes certain financial covenants. The Company was in compliance with such covenants at December 31, 2022, at which time no amounts had been drawn. to years, to acquire equipment for its data center. The Company enters into operating leases for its facilities in New York, Florida, and China, as well as for vehicles and equipment provided to certain employees in the professional sales services segment. The operating lease terms range from to years. The Company excluded the renewal option on its applicable facility leases from the calculation of its right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. The Company made the accounting policy decision not to recognize lease assets and liabilities for leases with a term of months or less. Finance and operating lease liabilities consist of the following: Operating leases Lease liabilities - net of current portion Finance leases Operating leases F-26 Table of Contents Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 2024 2025 2026 Undiscounted lease payments Amount representing interest Discounted lease liabilities Additional disclosures of lease data are set forth below: Interest on lease liabilities Operating lease costs Short-term lease costs Total lease cost Other information: Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from finance leases Operating cash flows from operating leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases (months) Weighted-average discount rate - finance leases Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases F-27 Table of Contents Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . EECP Global was formed in September 2019 to hold all the assets and liabilities of its EECP business. Concurrently with the closing of the transaction, the Company signed a Management Service Agreement with EECP Global to provide management service for the business and operation of EECP Global in the United States. The agreement provides an initial term of three years starting April 1, 2020, the effective date of the sale, which is automatically renewable for additional one-year terms. Pursuant to the agreement, EECP Global reimburses the Company all direct expenses and pays a monthly management fee during the term of the agreement. The Company uses the equity method to account for its interest in EECP Global, as it has the ability to exercise significant influence over the entity, and reports its share of EECP Global operations in Other Income (Expense) on its consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s share of EECP Global s loss was approximately and , respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded Receivables due from related parties, net of approximately and , respectively, on its consolidated balance sheets for amounts due from EECP Global for fees and cost reimbursements, net of receivables collected on its behalf due to EECP Global. of after-tax profit each year to their general reserves until the accumulative amount of such reserves reaches of the registered capital. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, statutory reserves aggregating approximately were recorded in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends. In addition, they are required to allocate a portion of their after-tax profit to their staff welfare and bonus fund at the discretion of their respective boards of directors. Moreover, if any of our PRC subsidiaries incurs debt on its own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict its ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to us. Distribution of dividends from the Chinese operating companies to foreign shareholders is also subject to a withholding tax. shares. The 2013 Plan is comprised of two separate equity programs, the Options Grant Program, under which eligible persons may be granted options to purchase shares of common stock, and the Stock Issuance Program, under which eligible persons may be issued shares of common stock directly, either through the immediate purchase of such shares or as a bonus for services rendered to the Company. The 2013 Plan provides that the Board of Directors, or a committee of the Board of Directors, will administer it with full authority to determine the identity of the recipients of the options or shares and the number of options or shares. F-28 Table of Contents Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 shares of common stock were granted, and shares were forfeited, under the 2013 Plan. No shares were withheld for withholding taxes. 2016 Stock Option and Stock Issuance Plan On June 15, 2016, the Board of Directors Board approved the 2016 Stock Plan (the 2016 Plan for officers, directors, and senior employees of the Corporation or any subsidiary of the Corporation. The stock issuable under the 2016 Plan shall be shares of the Company s authorized but unissued or reacquired common stock. The maximum number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the 2016 Plan is shares. The 2016 Plan consists of a Stock Issuance Program, under which eligible persons may, at the discretion of the Board, be issued shares of common stock directly, as a bonus for services rendered or to be rendered to the Corporation or any subsidiary of the Corporation. shares of common stock were granted under the 2016 Plan during the year ended December 31, 2022. 2019 Stock Option and Stock Issuance Plan In May 2019, the Board of Directors Board approved the 2019 Stock Plan (the 2019 Plan for officers, directors, and senior employees of the Corporation or any subsidiary of the Corporation. The stock issuable under the 2019 Plan shall be shares of the Company s authorized but unissued or reacquired common stock. The maximum number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the 2019 Plan is shares. The 2019 Plan consists of a Stock Issuance Program, under which eligible persons may, at the discretion of the Board, be issued shares of common stock directly, as a bonus for services rendered or to be rendered to the Corporation or any subsidiary of the Corporation. During the year ended December 31, 2022, no shares or options were granted under the 2019 Plan. The following table summarizes non-vested restricted shares under all plans for the year ended December 31, 2022: Authorized - - Granted Vested - Forfeited - - Expired - - Balance at December 31, 2021 Authorized - - Granted Vested - Forfeited Expired - - Balance at December 31, 2022 F-29 Table of Contents Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 remaining authorized shares of common stock after reserves for all stock option plans. Foreign Income before provision for income taxes The provision for income taxes consisted of the following: State Foreign Total current provision Deferred provision (benefit) Federal State Foreign Total deferred provision (benefit) Total income tax provision (benefit) Effective income tax rate The income tax benefit of 4,743,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 was due to the partial release of deferred tax asset valuation allowance, offset by in state income taxes and in foreign taxes. The income tax provision of for the year ended December 31, 2021 was due to in foreign taxes, in state income taxes and a reduction in deferred tax assets. F-30 Table of Contents Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 State income taxes Change in valuation allowance relating to operations Foreign tax rate differential R D credit PPP Loan forgiveness Nondeductible expenses Other The effective tax rate decreased mainly due to the impact of the partial release of the deferred tax asset valuation allowance and partially offset by impact of PPP loan forgiveness in 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the recorded deferred tax assets were , reflecting a decrease of during the year ended December 31, 2022, which was offset by a valuation allowance of , reflecting a decrease of . F-31 Table of Contents Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Amortization Stock-based compensation Allowance for doubtful accounts Reserve for slow moving inventory Tax credits Expense accruals Deferred revenue Total gross deferred taxes Valuation allowance Net deferred tax assets Deferred Tax Liabilities: Deferred commissions Goodwill Depreciation Total deferred tax liabilities Total deferred tax assets (liabilities) Non-current deferred tax liabilities Total deferred tax assets (liabilities) The activity in the valuation allowance is set forth below: Partial release of allowance Change in valuation allowance Valuation allowance, December 31, At December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards for federal and state income tax purposes of approximately million and approximately million with no expiration date. Under current tax law, the utilization of tax attributes will be restricted if an ownership change, as defined, were to occur. Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code provides, in general, that if an ownership change occurs with respect to a corporation with net operating and other loss carryforwards, such carryforwards will be available to offset taxable income in each taxable year after the ownership change only up to the Section 382 Limitation for each year (generally, the product of the fair market value of the corporation s stock at the time of the ownership change, with certain adjustments, and a specified long-term tax-exempt bond rate at such time). The Company s ability to use its loss carryforwards will be limited in the event of an ownership change. F-32 Table of Contents Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 contiguous states of the United States and the District of Columbia. The circumstances under which early termination of the agreement may occur with cause include: not materially achieving certain sales goals, not maintaining a minimum number of sales representatives, and not meeting various legal and GEHC policy requirements. The Company met all the contractual conditions in 2022. Employment Agreements On May 10, 2019, the Company modified its Employment Agreement with its President and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Jun Ma, to provide for a five-year term with extensions, unless earlier terminated by the Company, but in no event can it extend beyond May 31, 2026. The Employment Agreement provides for annual compensation of . Dr. Ma shall be eligible to receive a bonus for each fiscal year during the employment term. The amount and the occasion for payment of such bonus, if any, shall be at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Dr. Ma shall also be eligible for an award under any long-term incentive compensation plan and grants of options and awards of shares of the Company s stock, as determined at the Board of Directors discretion. The Employment Agreement further provides for reimbursement of certain expenses, and certain severance benefits in the event of termination prior to the expiration date of the Employment Agreement. On December 31, 2022, the Company executed an Employment Agreement with the President of its VasoHealthcare subsidiary, Ms. Jane Moen, to provide for a twenty-seven month initial term with extensions, unless earlier terminated by the Company, but in no event can it extend beyond December 31, 2026 or the earlier termination of the GEHC Agreement. The Employment Agreement provides for annual base compensation of . Ms. Moen shall be eligible to receive bonuses for each fiscal year during the employment term. The amount and the occasion for payment of such bonuses, if any, shall be based on employment status as well as achieving certain operating targets. Ms. Moen shall also be eligible for an award under any long-term incentive compensation plan and grants of options and awards of shares of the Company s stock, as determined at the Board of Directors discretion. The Employment Agreement further provides for reimbursement of certain expenses, and certain severance benefits in the event of termination prior to the expiration date of the Employment Agreement. Licensing and Support Service Agreement In December 2020, NetWolves extended the licensing and support service agreement of its billing system for an additional three years, to expire December 2023. The agreement provides for monthly recurring charges based on a percentage of billed revenues using these services, which charges aggregated approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively . Litigation The Company is currently, and has been in the past, a party to various routine legal proceedings, primarily employee related matters, incident to the ordinary course of business. The Company believes that the outcome of all such pending legal proceedings in the aggregate is unlikely to have a material adverse effect on the business or consolidated financial condition of the Company. F-33 Table of Contents Vaso Corporation and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and , respectively. F-34 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 vaso_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 vaso_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a/15d OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Jun Ma, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Vaso Corporation and subsidiaries (the registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: March 31, 2023 /s/ Jun Ma Jun Ma President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 vaso_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 vaso_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a/15d OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Michael Beecher, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Vaso Corporation and subsidiaries (the registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: March 31, 2023 /s/ Michael Beecher Michael Beecher Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 vaso_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 vaso_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Jun Ma, President and Chief Executive Officer of Vaso Corporation (the Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Dated: March 31, 2023 /s/ Jun Ma Jun Ma President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 vaso_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 vaso_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Michael Beecher, Chief Financial Officer of Vaso Corporation (the Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Dated: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Michael Beecher Michael Beecher Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 vaso-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 vaso-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 vaso-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 vaso-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

