<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230127_10-K_edgar_data_36840_0001174947-23-000058.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10158344</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>375201</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1523931</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3339919</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2329099</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2273843</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001174947-23-000058.hdr.sgml : 20230127
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230127132949
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001174947-23-000058
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230127
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230127

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FIRST REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST OF NEW JERSEY
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000036840
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				221697095
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-25043
		FILM NUMBER:		23561444

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		505 MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			HACKENSACK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07601
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2014886400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		505 MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			HACKENSACK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07601

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001174947-23-000058.txt : 20230127

10-K
 1
 frevsob-20221031.htm
 10-K

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File No. 

FIRST REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST OF NEW JERSEY, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

 201-488-6400 

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered OTC Pink Market 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Common stock, par value 0.01 per share 

(Title of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has led a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the e ectiveness
of its internal control over nancial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting rm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge,
in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated
Filer Smaller Reporting Company 
Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 No 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s
shares of common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately 102 million. Computation is based on the adjusted closing sales price
of such shares as quoted on the over-the-counter-market on April 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently
completed second quarter. As of January 27, 2023, the number of shares of common stock outstanding was . 

1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

FORM 10-K 

PART I 

Page No. 

Item 1 
 Business 
 3 

Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 11 

Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 13 

Item 2 
 Properties 
 14 

Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 17 

Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 18 

PART II 

Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 19 

Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 20 

Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 40 

Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 40 

Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 40 

Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 41 

Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 41 

Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 41 

PART III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 42 

Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 45 

Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 57 

Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions; Director Independence 
 58 

Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 62 

PART IV 

Item 15 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 63 

2 

Table of Contents 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain information included in this Annual
Report contains or may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
The registrant cautions readers that forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those relating to the registrant s
investment policies and objectives; the financial performance of the registrant; the ability of the registrant to borrow and service its
debt; the economic and competitive conditions which affect the registrant s business; the ability of the registrant to obtain the
necessary governmental approvals for the development, expansion or renovation of its properties, the impact of environmental conditions
affecting the registrant s properties, and the registrant s liquidity and capital resources, are subject to certain risks
and uncertainties. Actual results or outcomes may differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements and will be
affected by a variety of risks and factors, including, without limitation, the registrant s future financial performance; the availability
of capital; general market conditions; national and local economic conditions, particularly long-term interest rates; federal, state and
local governmental regulations that affect the registrant; and the competitive environment in which the registrant operates, including,
the availability of retail space and residential apartment units in the areas where the registrant s properties are located. In
addition, the registrant s continued qualification as a real estate investment trust involves the application of highly technical
and complex rules of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Internal Revenue Code ). The forward-looking statements
are made as of the date of this Annual Report and the registrant assumes no obligation to update the forward-looking statements or to
update the reasons actual results could differ from those projected in such forward-looking statements. 

PART I 

ITEM 1 
 BUSINESS 

(a) 
 General Business 

First Real Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey
was organized on November 1, 1961 as a New Jersey Business Trust. On July 1, 2021, First Real Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey completed
the change of its form of organization from a New Jersey real estate investment trust REIT to a Maryland corporation (the
 Reincorporation which was approved by its stockholders at the annual meeting of stockholders held on May 6, 2021. The Reincorporation
changed the law applicable to First Real Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey s affairs from New Jersey law to Maryland law and
was accomplished by the merger of First Real Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey with and into its wholly owned subsidiary, First Real
Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey, Inc. FREIT , Trust , us , we , our 
or the Company ), a Maryland corporation. As a result of the Reincorporation, the separate existence of First Real Estate
Investment Trust of New Jersey ceased and FREIT succeeded to all the business, properties, assets and liabilities of First Real Estate
Investment Trust of New Jersey. Holders of shares of beneficial interest in First Real Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey received
one newly issued share of common stock of FREIT for each share of First Real Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey owned by them, without
any action of stockholders required and all treasury stock held by First Real Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey was retired. 

FREIT is organized and will continue to operate
in such a manner as to qualify for taxation as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and its stock is traded on
the over-the counter market under the trading symbol FREVS. FREIT acquires, develops, constructs and holds real estate properties for
long-term investment and not for resale. FREIT s long-range investment policy is to review and evaluate potential real estate investment
opportunities for acquisition that it believes will (i) complement its existing investment portfolio, (ii) generate increased income
and distributions to its stockholders, and (iii) increase the overall value of FREIT s portfolio. FREIT s investments may
take the form of wholly-owned fee interests, or if the circumstances warrant diversification of risk, ownership on a joint venture basis
or as tenants-in-common with other parties, including employees and affiliates of Hekemian Co., Inc. Hekemian Co. ),
FREIT s managing agent (See Management Agreement ). While our general investment policy is to hold and maintain properties
for the long-term, we may, from time-to-time, sell or trade certain properties in order to (i) obtain capital to be used to purchase,
develop or renovate other properties which we believe will provide a higher rate of return and increase the value of our investment portfolio,
and (ii) divest properties which we have determined or determine are no longer compatible with our growth strategies and investment objectives
for our real estate portfolio. 

FREIT Website: All of FREIT s Securities
and Exchange Commission filings for the past three years are available free of charge on FREIT s website, which can be accessed
at http://www.freitnj.com. 

Fiscal Year 2022 Developments 

(i) 
 FINANCINGS 

(a) On December 30, 2021, FREIT refinanced its 14.4 million loan (which would have matured on February 1,
2022) on its Boulders property located in Rockaway, New Jersey with a new loan held by ConnectOne Bank in the amount of 7,500,000, with
additional funding available to be drawn upon in the amount of 7,500,000 for corporate needs. This loan is interest-only and has a maturity
date of January 1, 2024 with the option of FREIT to extend for one year from the maturity date, subject to certain provisions of the loan
agreement. This refinancing will provide annual debt service savings of approximately 1,173,000 as a result of the reduction in the principal
amount, a reduction in the annual 

3 

Table of Contents 

interest rate from a fixed rate of 5.37 to a fixed rate of 2.85 and interest-only payments being required
under this new loan. (See Note 5 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements for additional details.) 

(b) On July 22, 2022, Wayne PSC, LLC refinanced its 22.1 million loan (inclusive of deferred interest of
approximately 136,000), which would have matured on October 1, 2026, on its Preakness Shopping center located in Wayne, New Jersey with
a new loan held by ConnectOne Bank in the amount of 25,000,000. This loan is interest-only based on a fixed interest rate of 5 and has
a term of three years with a maturity date of August 1, 2025. Additionally, an interest reserve escrow was established at closing representing
twelve months of interest of 1,250,000, which can be used to pay monthly interest on this loan with a requirement to replenish the escrow
account back to 1,250,000 when the balance in the escrow account is reduced to three months of interest. This refinancing resulted in
(i) annual debt service savings of approximately 340,000 due to interest-only payments; (ii) an increase in the interest rate from a
fixed interest rate of 3.625 to a fixed interest rate of 5 ; and (iii) net refinancing proceeds of approximately 1.1 million which can
be used for capital expenditures and general corporate purposes. As part of the refinancing, Wayne PSC, LLC terminated the interest rate
swap contract on the underlying loan resulting in a realized gain on the swap breakage of approximately 1.4 million, which has been recorded
as a realized gain on the accompanying consolidated statement of income for the year ended October 31, 2022. (See Notes 5 and 6 to FREIT s
consolidated financial statements for additional details.) 

(c) On August 19, 2022, Westwood Hills, LLC exercised its right, pursuant to the loan agreement, to extend
the term of its 25 million loan on its property located in Westwood, New Jersey, for an additional six (6) months from an initial maturity
date of October 1, 2022 to a new maturity date of April 1, 2023. This loan was extended on the same terms and conditions as stated in
the loan agreement and has one remaining six (6) month extension. (See Note 5 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements for additional
details.) 

(ii) 
 
 MARYLAND PROPERTY DISPOSITIONS 

On November 22, 2021, certain affiliates (the Maryland Sellers of FREIT entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (the Maryland Purchase and Sale Agreement with MCB Acquisition Company, LLC (the Maryland Purchaser ), a third party, pursuant to which the Maryland Sellers agreed to sell three properties to the Maryland Purchaser. The properties consisted of retail and office space and a residential apartment community owned by Grande Rotunda, LLC (the Rotunda Property ), a shopping center owned by Damascus Centre, LLC (the Damascus Property ), and a shopping center owned by WestFREIT Corp. (the Westridge Square Property ). FREIT owns 100 of its subsidiary, WestFREIT Corp. WestFREIT ), a 60 interest in Grande Rotunda, LLC Grande Rotunda ), the joint venture that owned the Rotunda Property, and a 70 interest in Damascus Centre, LLC Damascus Centre ), the joint venture that owned the Damascus Property. 

The original purchase price for the Rotunda Property, the Damascus Property and the Westridge Square Property (collectively the Maryland Properties under the Maryland Purchase and Sale Agreement was reduced by 2,723,000 from 267,000,000 to 248,750,269, after giving effect to the 15,526,731 escrow deposit described below. This reduction in the sales price of 2,723,000 was to account for improvements and repairs to the Maryland Properties and miscellaneous items identified by the Maryland Purchaser in the course of its due diligence inspection. Additionally, the Maryland Purchaser was obligated under the Maryland Purchase and Sale Agreement to deposit a total of 15,526,731 in escrow with respect to certain leases at the Maryland Properties, which have not been executed or where the rent commencement date has not occurred or economic obligations of the Maryland Sellers under certain leases remain unpaid. Although there can be no assurance, a portion of the 15,526,731 escrow deposit (the Maryland Purchaser Escrow Payment may be paid to the Maryland Sellers depending upon the outcome of construction and leasing activities at the Maryland Properties. The Maryland Purchaser Escrow Payment Agreement provides for among other things, monthly disbursements from escrow to the Maryland Purchaser related to the aforementioned tenant lease agreements until the earlier of (i) the rent commencement date of the respective tenant lease agreements or (ii) 5-years from the date of the agreement. The release and amounts of escrowed funds to FREIT, generally, is contingent on the success and timing of future leasing activities at the Maryland Properties. 

The sale of the Maryland Properties having a total net book value of 172.2 million was consummated by the Maryland Sellers and the Maryland Purchaser for a purchase price of 248,750,269, after giving effect to the 15,526,731 Maryland Purchaser Escrow Payment. This sale resulted in net proceeds of approximately 53.9 million (inclusive of approximately 1.9 million in funds released from the Maryland Purchaser Escrow Payment during the second quarter of Fiscal 2022), after payment of related mortgage debt in the amount of 155.8 million and the corresponding swap breakage fees of approximately 213,000 related to the early termination of the interest rate swap contracts on the Damascus Property loan, payment of loans (including interest) to each of the equity owners in Grande Rotunda in the amount of approximately 31 million and certain transactional expenses and transfer taxes including brokerage fees due to Hekemian Co. of approximately 6.2 million. As of October 31, 2022, approximately 1,946,000 of the Maryland Purchaser Escrow Payment has been released from escrow to the Maryland Sellers. The escrow and related gain on sale were reduced by approximately 1.2 million due to a change in estimate in the second quarter of Fiscal 2022 related to a change in the timing of anticipated rent commencement dates for certain tenants, which will reduce the escrowed funds available to be released to Grande 

4 

Table of Contents 

Rotunda. Approximately 6.3 million of remaining funds are held in a post-closing escrow for rents anticipated to be fully released in Fiscal 2023 and are included in Funds held in post-closing escrow on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of October 31, 2022. The sale of the Maryland Properties resulted in a net gain of approximately 68.8 million (as adjusted) (with a consolidated impact to FREIT of approximately 45.6 million) which includes approximately 8.2 million of proceeds released and anticipated to be released from funds held in escrow, a write-off of the straight-line rent receivable of approximately 2.9 million and a write-off of unamortized lease commissions of approximately 1.7 million. (See Note 2 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements for additional details.) 

(b) 
 Financial Information about Segments 

FREIT has determined that it has two reportable
segments: commercial properties and residential properties. These reportable segments offer different types of space, have different types
of tenants and are managed separately because each requires different operating strategies and management expertise. Segment information
for the three years ended October 31, 2022 is included in Note 13 Segment Information to FREIT s consolidated financial
statements. 

(c) 
 Narrative Description of Business 

FREIT was founded and organized for the principal
purpose of acquiring, developing, and owning a portfolio of diverse income producing real estate properties. FREIT s developed properties
include residential apartment communities and commercial properties that consist of multi and single tenanted properties. Our properties
are located in New Jersey and New York. We also currently own approximately 7.37 acres of unimproved land in New Jersey. See Item 2,
 Properties - Portfolio of Investments. 

FREIT elected to be taxed as a REIT under the
Internal Revenue Code. FREIT operates in such a manner as to qualify for taxation as a REIT in order to take advantage of certain favorable
tax aspects of the REIT structure. Generally, a REIT will not be subject to federal income taxes on that portion of its ordinary income
or capital gain that is currently distributed to its equity holders. 

As an equity REIT, we generally acquire interests
in income producing properties to be held as long-term investments. FREIT s return on such investments is based on the income generated
by such properties mainly in the form of rents. 

From time to time, FREIT has sold, and may sell
again in the future, certain of its properties in order to (i) obtain capital used or to be used to purchase, develop or renovate other
properties which we believe will provide a higher rate of return and increase the value of our investment portfolio, and (ii) divest properties
which FREIT has determined or determines are no longer compatible with our growth strategies and investment objectives for our real estate
portfolio. 

We
do not hold any patents, registered trademarks, or licenses. 

Portfolio of Real Estate Investments 

At October 31, 2022, FREIT s real estate
holdings included (i) six (6) multi-family apartment buildings or complexes containing a total of 792 apartment units, (ii) a 65 tenancy-in-common
undivided interest in the Pierre Towers property (See Item 1 Investment in tenancy in common of this Annual Report
for additional details), (iii) five (5) commercial properties containing a total of approximately 589,000 square feet of leasable space,
including one (1) one-acre parcel subject to a ground lease and (iv) three (3) parcels of undeveloped land consisting of approximately
7.37 acres in total. FREIT and its subsidiaries own all such properties in fee simple. See Item 2, Properties - Portfolio
of Investments of this Annual Report for a description of FREIT s separate investment properties and certain other pertinent
information with respect to such properties that is relevant to FREIT s business. 

Investment in Subsidiaries 

The consolidated financial statements (See
Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K) include the accounts of the following subsidiaries of FREIT: 

Westwood Hills, LLC Westwood Hills ):
FREIT owns a 40 membership interest in Westwood Hills, which owns and operates a 210-unit residential apartment complex in Westwood,
New Jersey. 

Wayne PSC, LLC Wayne PSC ): FREIT
owns a 40 membership interest in Wayne PSC, which owns a 322,000 square foot shopping center in Wayne, New Jersey. 

Grande Rotunda, LLC: FREIT owns a 60 membership
interest in Grande Rotunda, which owned the Rotunda Property sold in December 2021. 

Damascus Centre, LLC: FREIT owns a 70 membership
interest in Damascus Centre, which owned the Damascus Property sold in January 2022. 

WestFREIT, Corp: FREIT owns 100 of the capital
stock of WestFREIT, Corp., which owned the Westridge Square Property sold in January 2022. 

FREIT Regency, LLC: FREIT owns a 100 membership
interest in FREIT Regency, LLC, which owns a 132-unit residential apartment complex located in Middletown, New York. 

5 

Table of Contents 

Station Place on Monmouth, LLC: FREIT owns a
100 membership interest in Station Place on Monmouth, LLC, which owns a 45-unit residential apartment complex located in Red Bank, New
Jersey. 

Berdan Court, LLC: FREIT owns a 100 membership
interest in Berdan Court, LLC, which owns a 176-unit residential apartment complex located in Wayne, New Jersey. 

Investment in tenancy-in-common 

On February 28, 2020, FREIT reorganized its
subsidiary S and A Commercial Associates Limited Partnership S A from a partnership into a tenancy-in-common form
of ownership TIC ). Prior to this reorganization, FREIT owned a 65 membership interest in S A, which owned 100 of
the Pierre Towers property located in Hackensack, New Jersey through its 100 interest in Pierre Towers, LLC. Pursuant to the TIC agreement,
FREIT ultimately acquired a 65 undivided interest in the Pierre Towers property, a 266-unit residential apartment complex in Hackensack,
New Jersey (which was formerly owned by S A). (See Note 3 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements for further details.) 

Employees 

On October 31, 2022, FREIT
and its subsidiaries had thirteen (13) full-time employees and one (1) part-time employee
who work solely at the properties owned by FREIT or its subsidiaries. The number of part-time employees varies seasonally. 

Robert S. Hekemian, Jr., Chief Executive Officer
and President, Ronald J. Artinian, Chairman of the Board, Allan Tubin, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer, and John A. Aiello, Esq.,
Secretary, are the executive officers of FREIT. FREIT does not retain the services of its executive officers on an exclusive basis, and
accordingly FREIT s executive officers are permitted to engage in other business activities as all of their business activities
are not devoted to FREIT. Please see Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance , for
additional information about FREIT s executive officers. Hekemian Co. has been retained by FREIT to manage FREIT s properties
and is responsible for recruiting, on behalf of FREIT, the personnel required to perform all services related to the operation of FREIT s
properties. See Management Agreement below. 

Effective upon the late Robert S. Hekemian s
retirement as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and as a Director on April 5, 2018, FREIT entered into a consulting agreement with Mr.
Hekemian, pursuant to which Mr. Hekemian provided consulting services to FREIT through December 2019. The consulting agreement obliged
Mr. Hekemian to provide advice and consultation with respect to matters pertaining to FREIT and its subsidiaries, affiliates, assets and
business for no fewer than 30 hours per month during the term of the agreement. FREIT paid Mr. Hekemian a consulting fee of 5,000 per
month during the term of the consulting agreement, which was payable in the form of shares on a quarterly basis (i.e. in quarterly installments
of 15,000). In connection with the termination of Robert S. Hekemian s service to FREIT under the consulting agreement between
Mr. Hekemian and FREIT in December 2019, Mr. Hekemian s accrued plan benefits under FREIT s Deferred Fee Plan became payable
to him and were paid in a single lump sum in the amount of approximately 4.8 million. See Note 11 to FREIT s consolidated financial
statements for a more complete description of the Deferred Fee Plan. 

Management Agreement 

On April 10, 2002, FREIT and Hekemian 
Co. executed a Management Agreement whereby Hekemian Co. would continue as managing agent for FREIT. The Management Agreement automatically
renews for successive periods of two years unless either party gives not less than six (6) months prior notice to the other of non-renewal.
The term of the Management Agreement was renewed for a two-year term, which will expire on October 31, 2023. Hekemian Co. currently
manages all the properties owned by FREIT and its affiliates, except for the office building at the Rotunda property located in Baltimore,
Maryland, which was sold on December 30, 2021 and was formerly managed by an independent third party management company. However, FREIT
may retain other managing agents to manage properties acquired after April 10, 2002 and to perform various other duties such as sales,
acquisitions, and development with respect to any or all properties. Hekemian Co. does not serve as the exclusive property acquisition
advisor to FREIT and is not required to offer potential acquisition properties exclusively to FREIT before acquiring those properties
for its own account. The Management Agreement includes a detailed schedule of fees for those services, which Hekemian Co. may be
called upon to perform. The Management Agreement provides for a termination fee in the event of a termination or non-renewal of the Management
Agreement under certain circumstances. 

Pursuant to the terms of the Management Agreement,
FREIT pays Hekemian Co. fees and commissions as compensation for its services. From time to time, FREIT engages Hekemian 
Co., or certain affiliates of Hekemian Co., to provide additional services, such as consulting services related to development,
property sales and financing activities of FREIT. Separate fee arrangements are negotiated between Hekemian Co. and FREIT with
respect to such additional services. Employees of Hekemian Co. own an interest in certain FREIT properties. (See Note 8 to FREIT s
consolidated financial statements.) 

Robert S. Hekemian, Jr., Chief Executive Officer,
President and a Director of FREIT, is the Chief Executive Officer of Hekemian Co., and owns approximately 33.3 of all of the issued
and outstanding shares of Hekemian Co. David Hekemian, a Director of FREIT, is the President of Hekemian Co., and owns approximately
33.3 of all of the issued and outstanding shares of Hekemian Co. Allan Tubin, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of FREIT, is
the Chief Financial Officer of Hekemian Co. 

6 

Table of Contents 

Real Estate Financing 

FREIT funds acquisition opportunities and the
development of its real estate properties largely through debt financing, including mortgage loans collateralized by certain of its properties.
At October 31, 2022, FREIT s aggregate outstanding mortgage debt was 139.2 million, which bears a weighted average interest rate
of 4.72 and an average life of 2.46 years. See the tables in Item 2, Properties - Portfolio of Investments for the
outstanding mortgage balances at October 31, 2022 with respect to each of these properties. 

FREIT is highly leveraged and will continue
to be for the foreseeable future. This level of indebtedness results in increased debt service requirements that could adversely affect
the financial condition and results of operations of FREIT. A number of FREIT s mortgage loans are amortized over a period that
is longer than the terms of such loans; thereby requiring balloon payments at the expiration of the terms of such loans. FREIT has not
established a cash reserve sinking fund with respect to such obligations and at this time does not expect to have sufficient funds from
operations to make such balloon payments when due under the terms of such loans. FREIT and its subsidiaries expect to refinance such
mortgage loans as they become due . See Liquidity and Capital Resources under Item 7 . 

FREIT is subject to the normal risks associated
with debt financing, including the risk that FREIT s cash flow will be insufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest;
the risk that indebtedness on its properties will not be able to be renewed, repaid or refinanced when due; or that the terms of any renewal
or refinancing will not be as favorable as the terms of the indebtedness being replaced. If FREIT were unable to refinance its indebtedness
on acceptable terms, or at all, FREIT might be forced to dispose of one or more of its properties on disadvantageous terms which
might result in losses to FREIT. These losses could have a material adverse effect on FREIT and its ability to make distributions to stockholders
and to pay amounts due on its debt. If a property is mortgaged to secure payment of indebtedness and FREIT is unable to meet mortgage
payments, the mortgagee could foreclose upon the property, appoint a receiver and receive an assignment of rents and leases or pursue
other remedies, all with a consequent loss of revenues and asset value to FREIT. Further, payment obligations on FREIT s mortgage
loans will not be reduced if there is a decline in the economic performance of any of FREIT s properties. If any such decline in
economic performance occurs, FREIT s revenues, earnings, and funds available for distribution to stockholders would be adversely
affected. 

Neither FREIT s Amended and Restated Articles
of Incorporation, as amended, nor any policy statement formally adopted by the Board limits either the total amount of indebtedness or
the specified percentage of indebtedness (based on the total capitalization of FREIT), which may be incurred by FREIT. Accordingly, FREIT
may incur additional secured or unsecured indebtedness in the future in furtherance of its business activities, including, if or when
necessary, to refinance its existing debt. Future debt incurred by FREIT could bear interest at rates, which are higher than the rates
on FREIT s existing debt. Future debt incurred by FREIT could also bear interest at a variable rate. Increases in interest rates
would increase FREIT s variable interest costs (to the extent that the related indebtedness was not protected by interest rate protection
arrangements), which could have a material adverse effect on FREIT and its ability to make distributions to stockholders and to pay amounts
due on its debt or cause FREIT to be in default under its debt. Further, in the future, FREIT may not be able to, or may determine that
it is not able to, obtain financing for property acquisitions or for capital expenditures to develop or improve its properties on terms,
which are acceptable to FREIT. In such event, FREIT might elect to defer certain projects unless alternative sources of capital were available,
such as through an equity or debt offering by FREIT. 

Competitive Conditions 

FREIT is subject to normal competition with
other investors to acquire real property and to profitably manage such property. Numerous other REITs, banks, insurance companies and
pension funds, as well as corporate and individual developers and owners of real estate, compete with FREIT in seeking properties for
acquisition and for tenants. Many of these competitors have significantly greater financial resources than FREIT. 

In addition, retailers at FREIT's commercial properties
face increasing competition from online shopping, outlet malls and discount shopping clubs. In many markets, the trade areas of FREIT's
commercial properties overlap with the trade areas of other shopping centers. Renovations and expansions at those competing shopping centers
and malls could negatively affect FREIT's commercial properties by encouraging shoppers to make their purchases at such new, expanded
or renovated shopping centers and malls. Increased competition through these various sources could adversely affect the viability of FREIT's
tenants, and any new commercial real estate competition developed in the future could potentially have an adverse effect on the revenues
of and earnings from FREIT's commercial properties. 

(A) 
 General Factors Affecting Investment in Commercial and Apartment Properties; Effect of Economic and Real Estate Conditions 

The revenues and value of FREIT s commercial
and residential apartment properties may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including, without limitation, public health crises,
epidemics and pandemics (See Note 16 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements); the national economic climate (including rising
interest rates and inflation); the regional economic climate (which may be adversely affected by plant closings, industry slow-downs and
other local business factors); local real estate conditions (such as an oversupply of retail space or apartment units); perceptions by
retailers or shoppers of the security, safety, 

7 

Table of Contents 

convenience and attractiveness of a shopping center; perception by residential tenants
of the safety, convenience and attractiveness of an apartment building or complex; the proximity and the number of competing shopping
centers and apartment complexes; the availability of recreational and other amenities and the willingness and ability of the owner to
provide capable management and adequate maintenance. In addition, other factors may adversely affect the fair market value of a commercial
property or apartment building or complex without necessarily affecting the revenues, including changes in government regulations (such
as limitations on development or on hours of operation) changes in tax laws or rates, and potential environmental or other legal liabilities. 

(B) 
 Commercial Shopping Center Properties' Dependence on Anchor Stores and Satellite Tenants 

FREIT believes that its revenues and earnings, its
ability to meet its debt obligations, and its funds available for distribution to stockholders would be adversely affected if space in
FREIT's multi-store shopping center properties could not be leased or if anchor store tenants or satellite tenants failed to meet their
lease obligations. 

The success of FREIT's investment in its shopping
center properties is largely dependent upon the success of its tenants. Unfavorable economic, demographic, or competitive conditions may
adversely affect the financial condition of tenants and consequently the lease revenues from and the value of FREIT's investments in its
shopping center properties. If the sales of stores operating in FREIT's shopping center properties were to decline due to deteriorating
economic conditions, the tenants may be unable to pay their base rents or meet other lease charges and fees due to FREIT. In addition,
any lease provisions providing for additional rent based on a percentage of sales would not be operative in this economic environment.
In the event of default by a tenant, FREIT could suffer a loss of rent and experience extraordinary delays while incurring additional
costs in enforcing its rights under the lease, which FREIT may not be able to recapture. 

As of October 31, 2022, the following table lists
the ten (10) largest commercial tenants, which account for approximately 73 of FREIT s leased commercial rental space and 60.7 
of fixed commercial rents. 

Tenant 
 Center 
 Sq. Ft. 
 
 of Revenue 
 
 Kmart Corp. 
 Westwood Plaza 
 84,254 
 
 5.4 
 
 Stop Shop Supermarket Co. 
 Preakness 
 61,020 
 
 11.0 
 
 Stop Shop Supermarket Co. 
 Franklin Crossing 
 48,673 
 
 14.9 
 
 TJ Maxx 
 Westwood Plaza 
 28,480 
 
 9.9 
 
 T-Bowl, Inc. (1) 
 Preakness 
 27,195 
 
 5.6 
 
 CVS 
 Preakness 
 8,950 
 
 4.2 
 
 American Women Swim Fitness (2) 
 Westwood Plaza 
 8,000 
 
 2.7 
 
 Harmon Stores 
 Westwood Plaza 
 7,060 
 
 2.4 
 
 Wells Fargo Bank N.A. 
 Preakness 
 5,143 
 
 2.4 
 
 The Gallery Hair Salon 
 Preakness 
 4,365 
 
 2.2 

(1) Since the shutdown for several months in Fiscal 2020 due to the effects of COVID-19, this tenant
has not paid full base rent and additional rent. Rental revenue for this tenant of approximately 258,000, 369,000 and 363,000 during
the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, was either not recognized as revenue or reversed from revenue in
the respective year. See Renewal
of leases and Reletting of Space below and Note 16 to FREIT s consolidated financial
statements for additional details. 

(2) Since the shutdown for several months in Fiscal 2020 due to the effects of COVID-19, American Women Swim Fitness has not paid full base rent and additional rent. Rental revenue for this tenant of approximately 86,000, 159,000 and 133,000 during the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, was either not recognized as revenue or reversed from revenue in the respective year. See Renewal of leases and Reletting of Space below and Note 16 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements for additional details. 

(C) 
 Renewal of Leases and Reletting of Space 

There is no assurance that we will be able to retain
tenants at our commercial properties upon expiration of their leases. Upon expiration or termination of leases for space located in FREIT's
commercial properties, the premises may not be relet or the terms of reletting (including the cost of concessions to tenants) may not
be as favorable as lease terms for the terminated lease. If FREIT was unable to promptly relet all or a substantial portion of this space
or if the rental rates upon such reletting were significantly lower than current or expected rates, FREIT's revenues and earnings, FREIT s
ability to service its debt, and FREIT s ability to make distributions to its stockholders, could be adversely affected. 

In Fiscal 2021, the lease for T-Bowl, Inc.,
which does business as a bowling alley at the Preakness Shopping Center located in Wayne, New Jersey, expired and has been on a month-to-month
basis. Since the shutdown for several months in Fiscal 2020 

8 

Table of Contents 

due to the effects of COVID-19, this tenant has not paid full base rent and
additional rent. Rental revenue for this tenant of approximately 258,000, 369,000 and 363,000 during the fiscal years ended October
31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, was either not recognized as revenue or reversed from revenue in the respective year. If the tenant
does not extend or renew this lease and vacates this space, FREIT s operating results will be adversely impacted from loss of potential
base rent and additional rent of approximately 576,000 on an annualized basis. The Company is currently in discussions with this tenant. 

There were no other material lease expirations
during Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021. 

(D) 
 Illiquidity of Real Estate Investments; Possibility that Value of FREIT's Interests may be less than its Investment 

Equity real estate investments are relatively
illiquid. Accordingly, the ability of FREIT to vary its portfolio in response to changing economic, market or other conditions is limited.
Also, FREIT's interests in its partially owned subsidiaries are subject to transfer constraints imposed by the operating agreements
which govern FREIT s investment in these partially owned subsidiaries. Even without such restrictions on the transfer of its interests,
FREIT believes that there would be a limited market for its interests in these partially owned subsidiaries. 

If FREIT had to liquidate all or substantially
all of its real estate holdings, the value of such assets would likely be diminished if a sale were required to be completed in a limited
time frame. The proceeds to FREIT from any such sale of the assets in FREIT s real estate portfolio would therefore be less than
the fair market value of those assets. 

Impact of Governmental Laws and Regulations
on Registrant's Business 

FREIT s properties are subject to various
federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, including those relating to the environment and local rent control and zoning
ordinances. 

(A) 
 Environmental Matters 

Both federal and state governments are concerned
with the impact of real estate construction and development programs upon the environment. Environmental legislation affects the cost
of selling real estate, the cost to develop real estate, and the risks associated with purchasing real estate. 

Under various federal, state and local environmental
laws, statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations, an owner of real property may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of
certain hazardous or toxic substances at, on, in or under such property, as well as certain other potential costs relating to hazardous
or toxic substances (including government fines and penalties and damages for injuries to persons and adjacent property). Such laws often
impose such liability without regard to whether the owners knew of, or were responsible for, the presence or disposal of such substances.
Such liability may be imposed on the owner in connection with the activities of any operator of, or tenant at, the property. The cost
of any required remediation, removal, fines or personal injury or property damages and the property owner's liability for same could exceed
the value of the property and/or the aggregate assets of the owner. In addition, the presence of such substances, or the failure to properly
dispose of or remediate such substances, may adversely affect the owner's ability to sell or rent such property or to borrow using such
property as collateral. If FREIT incurred any such liability, it could reduce FREIT's revenues and ability to make distributions to its
stockholders. 

A property can also be negatively impacted by
either physical contamination or by virtue of an adverse effect upon value attributable to the migration of hazardous or toxic substances,
or other contaminants that have or may have emanated from other properties. 

At this time, FREIT is aware of the following
environmental matters affecting its properties: 

(i) 
 Westwood Plaza Shopping Center, Westwood, NJ 

This property is in a Flood Hazard Zone. FREIT
maintains flood insurance in the amount of 500,000 for the subject property, which is the maximum available under the Flood Program for
the property. Any reconstruction of that portion of the property situated in the flood hazard zone is subject to regulations promulgated
by the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection ("NJDEP"), which could require extraordinary construction methods.
FREIT acquired the Westwood Plaza property in 1988, and the property has not experienced any flooding that gave rise to any claims under
FREIT s flood insurance since the date of acquisition. 

(ii) 
 Other 

a) The State of New Jersey has adopted an underground
fuel storage tank law and various regulations with respect to underground storage tanks. 

FREIT no longer has underground storage tanks
on any of its properties. 

During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2019,
FREIT conducted environmental audits for all of its properties. The environmental reports secured by FREIT have not revealed any environmental
conditions on its properties, which require any further remediation pursuant to any applicable federal or state law or regulation. 

9 

Table of Contents 

b) FREIT has determined that several of its
properties contain lead based paint LBP ). FREIT has obtained lead-free interior certifications with respect to all properties
that were found to contain LBP, certifying that such properties contain no LBP on the interior surfaces. FREIT believes that it complies
with all federal, state and local requirements as they pertain to LBP. 

FREIT does not believe that the environmental
conditions described in subparagraphs (i) and (ii) above will have a material adverse effect upon the capital expenditures, revenues,
earnings, financial condition or competitive position of FREIT. 

(B) 
 Rent Control Ordinances 

Each of the apartment buildings or complexes
owned by FREIT or an affiliate of FREIT, is subject to some form of rent control ordinance which limits the amount by which FREIT or an
affiliate of FREIT, can increase the rent for renewed leases, and in some cases, limits the amount of rent which FREIT or an affiliate
of FREIT can charge for vacated units, except for The Regency, Westwood Hills, The Boulders at Rockaway, and Station Place which are not
subject to any rent control law or regulation. 

(C) 
 Zoning Ordinances 

Local zoning ordinances may prevent FREIT from
renovating, expanding or converting its existing properties for their highest and best use as determined by the Board. In Fiscal 2021,
Wayne PSC received approvals from the Township of Wayne to allow it to redevelop the site immediately behind the former Macy s department
store to include 244 residential units with 37 units earmarked for affordable housing. 

(D) 
 Financial Information about Foreign and Domestic Operations and Export Sale 

FREIT does not engage in operations in foreign
countries and it does not derive any portion of its revenues from customers in foreign countries. 

10 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A 
 RISK FACTORS 

Almost all of FREIT s income and cash flow
are derived from the net rental income (revenues after expenses) from our properties. FREIT s business and financial results are
affected by the following fundamental factors: 

public health crises, epidemics and pandemics; 

the national and regional economic climate; 

occupancy rates at the properties; 

tenant turnover rates; 

rental rates; 

operating expenses; 

tenant improvement and leasing costs; 

cost of and availability of capital; 

failure of banking institutions; 

failure of insurance carriers; 

new acquisitions and development projects; 

cybersecurity breaches; and 

changes in governmental regulations, real estate
tax rates and similar matters. 

A negative or adverse quality change in the
above factors could potentially cause a detrimental effect on FREIT s revenue, earnings and cash flow. If rental revenues decline,
we would expect to have less cash available to pay our indebtedness and distribute to our stockholders. 

Adverse impact resulting from the public
health crises, epidemics and pandemics: FREIT is subject to risks related to the effects of public health crises, epidemics and
pandemics, including COVID-19. Such events could inhibit global, national and local economic activity; constrain our access to capital
and other sources of funding, which could adversely affect the availability and terms of future borrowings or refinancings; adversely
affect our residential tenants financial condition due to a sustained loss of income, which could affect their ability to pay rent;
adversely affect our commercial tenants financial condition by limiting foot traffic and staffing at their businesses, which could
affect their ability to pay rent and willingness to make new leasing commitments; reduce our cash flow, which could impact our ability
to pay dividends or to service our debt; temporarily or permanently reduce the demand for retail space; reduce the value of our real estate
assets, which may result in material non-cash impairment charges in future periods; and have other direct and indirect effects that are
difficult to predict. Such risks depend upon the nature and severity of the public health concern, as well as the extent and duration
of government-mandated orders and personal decisions to limit travel, economic activity and personal interaction, none of which can be
predicted with confidence. 

Adverse Changes in General Economic Climate :
FREIT derives the majority of its revenues from renting apartments to individuals or families, and from retailers renting space at its
shopping centers. Over the past several years, there have been many factors aiding in economic growth in the United States such as: (a)
improvement in the housing market; (b) increased consumer confidence to push spending modestly higher; (c) improvements in private sector
employment; and (d) improved credit availability. However, there have been many factors impacting long-term economic growth, including,
without limitation: (i) continued political gridlock in the federal government; (ii) regulatory uncertainties; (iii) continued infrastructure
deterioration; (iv) increasing concerns regarding terrorism; (v) rising healthcare costs; (vi) the impact of trade policies; and more
recently, (vii) rising energy, wages and consumer prices driving an increase in inflation along with increasing interest rates. 

FREIT receives a substantial portion of its
operating income as rent under long-term leases with commercial tenants. At any time, any of our commercial tenants could experience a
downturn in its business that might weaken its financial condition. These tenants might defer or fail to make rental payments when due,
delay lease commencement, voluntarily vacate the premises or declare bankruptcy, which could result in the termination of the tenant s
lease, and could result in material losses to us and harm to our results of operations. Also, it might take time to terminate leases of
underperforming or nonperforming tenants and FREIT might incur costs to remove such tenants. Also, if tenants are unable to comply with
the terms of their leases, FREIT might modify lease terms in ways that are less favorable to FREIT. 

Tenants unable to pay rent: Financially
distressed tenants may be unable to pay rents and expense recovery charges, where applicable, and may default on their leases. Enforcing
FREIT s rights as landlord could result in substantial costs and may not result in a full recovery of unpaid rent. If a tenant files
for bankruptcy, the tenant s lease may be terminated. In each such instance FREIT s income and cash flow would be negatively
impacted. 

Costs of re-renting space : If
tenants fail to renew leases, fail to exercise renewal options, or terminate their leases early, the lost rents due to vacancy and the
costs of re-renting the space could prove costly to FREIT. In addition to cleaning and renovating the vacated space, we may be required
to grant concessions to a new tenant, and may incur leasing brokerage commissions. The lease terms to a new tenant may be less favorable
than the prior tenant s lease terms, and will negatively impact FREIT s income and cash flow and adversely affect FREIT s
ability to pay mortgage debt and interest or make distributions to its stockholders. 

11 

Table of Contents 

Inflation may adversely affect our financial
condition and results of operations: Increased inflation could have a pronounced negative impact on FREIT s operating and
administrative expenses, as these costs may increase at a higher rate than FREIT s rents. While increases in most operating expenses
at FREIT s commercial properties can be passed on to retail tenants, increases in expenses at its residential properties cannot
be passed on to residential tenants. Unreimbursed increased operating expenses may reduce cash flow available for payment of mortgage
debt and interest and for distributions to stockholders. 

Development and construction risks :
 As part of its investment strategy, FREIT seeks to acquire property for development and construction, as well as to develop and build
on land already in its portfolio. Development and construction activities are challenged with the following risks, which may adversely
affect FREIT s cash flow: 

financing may not be available in the amounts
FREIT seeks, or may not be on favorable terms; 

long-term financing may not be available upon
completion of the construction; 

failure to complete construction on schedule
or within budget may increase debt service costs and construction costs; and 

abandoned project costs could result in an impairment
loss. 

Debt financing could adversely affect
income and cash flow: FREIT relies on debt financing to fund its growth through acquisitions and development activities. To the
extent third party debt financing is not available or not available on acceptable terms, acquisitions and development activities will
be curtailed. 

As of October 31, 2022, FREIT had approximately
 114.2 million of non-recourse fixed interest rate mortgage debt, including deferred interest, and approximately 25 million of non-recourse
variable interest rate mortgage debt. These mortgages are being repaid over periods (amortization schedules) that are longer than the
terms of the mortgages. Accordingly, when the mortgages become due (at various times), significant balloon payments (the unpaid principal
amounts) will be required. FREIT expects to refinance the individual mortgages with new mortgages or exercise extension options available
to FREIT or its subsidiaries when their terms expire. To this extent, FREIT has exposure to capital availability and interest rate risk.
If interest rates, at the time any individual mortgage note is due, are higher than the current fixed interest rate, higher debt service
may be required and/or refinancing proceeds may be less than the amount of the mortgage debt being retired. To the extent FREIT is unable
to refinance its indebtedness on acceptable terms, FREIT might need to dispose of one or more of its properties upon disadvantageous terms. 

FREIT s revolving 13 million credit line
(of which 13 million was available as of October 31, 2022), and several of its loan agreements require FREIT or its subsidiaries to meet
or maintain certain financial covenants that could restrict FREIT s acquisition activities and result in a default on these loans
if FREIT fails to satisfy these covenants. (See Note 5 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements.) 

Failure of banking and financing institutions: 
Banking and financing institutions such as insurance companies provide FREIT with credit lines and construction financing. The credit
lines available to FREIT may be used for a variety of business purposes, including general corporate purposes, acquisitions, construction,
and letters of credit. Construction financing enables FREIT to develop new properties, or renovate or expand existing properties. A failure
of the banking institution making credit lines available may render the line unavailable and adversely affect FREIT s liquidity,
and negatively impact FREIT s operations in a number of ways. A failure of a financial institution unable to fund its construction
financing obligations to FREIT may cause the construction to halt or be delayed. Substitute financing may be significantly more expensive,
and construction delays may subject FREIT to delivery penalties. 

Failure of insurance carriers: 
FREIT s properties are insured against unforeseen liability claims, property damages, and other hazards. The insurance companies
FREIT uses have good ratings at the time the policies are put into effect. Substantially all of FREIT s insurance coverage is provided
by one carrier. Financial failure of FREIT s carriers may result in their inability to pay current and future claims. This inability
to pay claims may have an adverse impact on FREIT s financial condition. In addition, a failure of a FREIT insurance carrier may
cause FREIT s insurance renewal or replacement policy costs to increase. 

Real estate is a competitive business:
 FREIT is subject to normal competition with other investors to acquire real property and to profitably manage such property.
Numerous other REITs, banks, insurance companies and pension funds, as well as corporate and individual developers and owners of real
estate, compete with FREIT in seeking properties for acquisition and for tenants. Many of these competitors have significantly greater
financial resources than FREIT. In addition, retailers at FREIT's commercial properties face increasing competition from online shopping,
outlet malls and discount shopping clubs. In many markets, the trade areas of FREIT's commercial properties overlap with the trade areas
of other shopping centers. Renovations and expansions at those competing shopping centers and malls could negatively affect FREIT's commercial
properties by encouraging shoppers to make their purchases at such new, expanded or renovated shopping centers and malls. Increased competition
through these various sources could adversely affect the viability of FREIT's tenants, and any new commercial real estate competition
developed in the future could potentially have an adverse effect on the revenues of and earnings from FREIT's commercial properties. 

FREIT also faces competition with respect to
its residential properties based on a variety of factors, including perception by residential tenants of the safety, convenience and attractiveness
of an apartment building or complex; the proximity and the 

12 

Table of Contents 

number of competing apartment complexes; the proximity of commercial shopping
centers; the availability of recreational and other amenities and the willingness and ability of the owner to provide capable management
and adequate maintenance. Certain of these factors, such as the availability of amenities in the area surrounding a residential property,
are not within FREIT s control. 

Illiquidity of real estate investment: 
Real estate investments are relatively difficult to buy and sell quickly. Accordingly, the ability of FREIT to diversify its portfolio
in response to changing economic, market or other conditions is limited. Also, FREIT s interests in its partially owned subsidiaries
are subject to transfer constraints imposed under the operating agreements that govern FREIT s investment in these partially owned
subsidiaries. 

Environmental problems may be costly: 
Both federal and state governments are concerned with the impact of real estate construction and development programs upon the environment.
Environmental legislation affects the cost of selling real estate, the cost to develop real estate, and the risks associated with purchasing
real estate. 

Under various federal, state and local environmental
laws, statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations, an owner of real property may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of
certain hazardous or toxic substances at, on, in or under such property, as well as certain other potential costs relating to hazardous
or toxic substances (including government fines and penalties and damages for injuries to persons and adjacent property). Such laws often
impose such liability without regard to whether the owners knew of, or were responsible for, the presence or disposal of such substances.
Such liability may be imposed on the owner in connection with the activities of any operator of, or tenant at the property. The cost of
any required remediation, removal, fines or personal injury or property damages and the property owner's liability for same could exceed
the value of the property and/or the aggregate assets of the owner. In addition, the presence of such substances, or the failure to properly
dispose of or remediate such substances, may adversely affect the owner's ability to sell or rent such property or to borrow using such
property as collateral. If FREIT incurred any such liability, it could reduce FREIT's revenues and ability to make distributions to its
stockholders. During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2019, FREIT conducted environmental audits for all of its properties. The environmental
reports secured by FREIT have not revealed any environmental conditions on its properties which require any further remediation pursuant
to any applicable federal or state law or regulations. 

A property can also be negatively impacted by
either physical contamination or by virtue of an adverse effect upon value attributable to the migration of hazardous or toxic substances,
or other contaminants that have or may have emanated from other properties. 

Qualification as a REIT: Since
its inception in 1961, FREIT has elected to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, and will continue to operate in such a
manner as to qualify as a REIT. In order to qualify as a REIT, we must satisfy a number of highly technical and complex provisions of
the Internal Revenue Code. Governmental legislation, new regulations, and administrative interpretations may significantly change the
tax laws with respect to the requirements for qualification as a REIT, or the federal income tax consequences of qualifying as a REIT.
Although FREIT intends to continue to operate in a manner to allow it to qualify as a REIT, future economic, market, legal, tax or other
considerations may cause it to revoke the REIT election or fail to qualify as a REIT. Such a revocation would subject FREIT s income
to federal income tax at regular corporate rates, and failure to qualify as a REIT would also eliminate the requirement that FREIT pay
dividends to its stockholders. 

Change of investment and operating policies: 
FREIT s investment and operating policies, including indebtedness and dividends, are exclusively determined by the Board, and not
subject to stockholder approval. 

ITEM 1B 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

13 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2 PROPERTIES 

Portfolio of Investments: The
following tables set forth certain information relating to each of FREIT's real estate investments in addition to the specific mortgages
encumbering the properties. 

Residential Apartment Properties as of October 31, 2022: 

Property Location 
 Year 
 Acquired 
 No. 
 of 
 Units 
 Average Annual 
 Occupancy Rate for 
 the Year Ended 
10/31/22 
 Average 
Monthly Rent 
per Unit @ 
10/31/22 
 Average 
 Monthly Rent 
per Unit @ 
10/31/21 
 Mortgage 
 Balance 000) 
@ 10/31/22 
 Depreciated
 Cost of 
Land, Buildings 
Equipment 000) 
@ 10/31/22 

Berdan Court (1) 
 1965 
 176 
 97.9 
 2,033 
 1,928 
 28,815 
 1,593 
 
 Wayne, NJ 

Regency Club 
 2014 
 132 
 99.5 
 1,880 
 1,738 
 14,587 
 17,652 
 
 Middletown, NY 

Steuben Arms 
 1975 
 100 
 98.8 
 1,745 
 1,706 
 9,291 
 877 
 
 River Edge, NJ 

Westwood Hills (2) 
 1994 
 210 
 97.9 
 2,141 
 2,068 
 25,000 (4) 
 7,864 
 
 Westwood Hills, NJ 

Boulders 
 2006 
 129 
 97.9 
 2,299 
 2,118 
 7,500 (5) 
 14,228 
 
 Rockaway, NJ 

Station Place (3) 
 2017 
 45 
 96.5 
 3,476 
 2,913 
 11,750 
 18,245 
 
 Red Bank, NJ 

Average monthly rent per unit excludes the impact of rent concessions and abatements. 

(1) Berdan Court is 100 owned by Berdan Court, LLC, which is 100 owned by FREIT. 

(2) FREIT owns a 40 equity interest in Westwood Hills, LLC which owns 100 of Westwood Hills. 

(3) Station Place is 100 owned by Station Place on Monmouth, LLC, which is 100 owned by FREIT. 

(4) On August 19, 2022, Westwood Hills, LLC exercised its right, pursuant to the loan agreement, to extend the term of its 25 million loan on its property located in Westwood, New Jersey, for an additional six (6) months from an initial maturity date of October 1, 2022 to a new maturity date of April 1, 2023. This loan was extended on the same terms and conditions as stated in the loan agreement and has one remaining six (6) month extension. See Note 5 to FREIT's consolidated financial statements for further details. 

(5) On December 30, 2021, FREIT refinanced its 14.4 million loan (which would have matured on February 1, 2022) with a new loan held by ConnectOne Bank in the amount of 7,500,000, with additional funding available to be drawn upon in the amount of 7,500,000 for corporate needs. This loan is interest-only and has a maturity date of January 1, 2024 with the option of FREIT to extend for one year from the maturity date, subject to certain provisions of the loan agreement. This refinancing will provide annual debt service savings of approximately 1,173,000 as a result of the reduction in the principal amount, a reduction in the annual interest rate from a fixed rate of 5.37 to a fixed rate of 2.85 and interest-only payments being required under this new loan. See Note 5 to FREIT's consolidated financial statements for further details. 

14 

Table of Contents 

Commercial Properties as of October 31, 2022: 

Property Location 
 Year 
 Acquired 
 Leasable 
 Space- 
Approximate 
Sq.Ft. 
 Average Annual 
Occupancy Rate for 
the Year Ended 
10/31/22 
 Average 
Annualized 
Rent per Sq. Ft. 
@ 10/31/22 
 Average 
Annualized Rent 
per Sq. Ft. @ 
10/31/21 
 Mortgage 
Balance 000) 
@ 10/31/22 
 Depreciated 
Cost of Land, 
Buildings 
Equipment 000) 
@ 10/31/22 

Glen Rock, NJ 
 1962 
 4,672 
 29.1 
 63.35 
 15.79 
 None (1) 
 45 

Franklin Crossing 
 1966 (2) 
 87,661 
 89.9 
 22.92 
 21.27 
 None (1) 
 6,241 
 
 Franklin Lakes, NJ 

Westwood Plaza 
 1988 
 174,275 
 85.2 
 12.19 
 11.50 
 17,274 (4) 
 7,062 
 
 Westwood, NJ 

Preakness Center (3) 
 2002 
 322,142 
 51.2 
 13.91 
 13.41 
 25,000 (5) 
 22,642 
 
 Wayne, NJ 

Rockaway, NJ 
 1964/1963 
 1 Acre 
 100.0 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 None 
 114 

Land lease 

Average annualized rent per sq. ft. includes the impact of straight-line rent adjustments and the amortization
of rent concessions and abatements. 

(1) These properties are security for draws against FREIT's Credit Line. (See Note 5 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements for additional details.) 

(2) The original 33,000 sq. ft. shopping center was replaced with a new 87,661 sq. ft. center that opened in October 1997. 

(3) FREIT owns a 40 equity interest in Wayne PSC, LLC, that owns the center. 

(4) The mortgage payable balance includes debt payment relief granted from the lender in Fiscal 2020 resulting in total deferred payments of approximately 390,000, of which approximately 222,000 relates to deferred interest. These deferred payments are due at the maturity of this loan. See Notes 5 and 16 to FREIT's consolidated financial statements for additional details. 

(5) On July 22, 2022, Wayne PSC, LLC Wayne PSC refinanced its 22.1 million loan (inclusive of deferred interest of approximately 136,000), which would have matured on October 1, 2026, on its Preakness Shopping center located in Wayne, New Jersey with a new loan held by ConnectOne Bank in the amount of 25,000,000. This loan is interest-only based on a fixed interest rate of 5 and has a term of three years with a maturity date of August 1, 2025. Additionally, an interest reserve escrow was established at closing representing twelve months of interest of 1,250,000, which can be used to pay monthly interest on this loan with a requirement to replenish the escrow account back to 1,250,000 when the balance in the escrow account is reduced to three months of interest. This refinancing resulted in (i) annual debt service savings of approximately 340,000 due to interest-only payments; (ii) an increase in the interest rate from a fixed interest rate of 3.625 to a fixed interest rate of 5 ; and (iii) net refinancing proceeds of approximately 1.1 million which can be used for capital expenditures and general corporate purposes. As part of the refinancing, Wayne PSC terminated the interest rate swap contract on the underlying loan resulting in a realized gain on the swap breakage of approximately 1.4 million, which was recorded as a realized gain on the accompanying consolidated statement of income for year ended October 31, 2022. See Notes 5 and 6 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements. 

Supplemental Segmen t Information:

Commercial lease expirations at October 31, 2022 assuming none of the tenants exercise renewal options: 

Annual Rent of Expiring Leases 
 
 Year Ending 
 Number of 
 Expiring Leases 
 Percent of 

October 31, 
 Expiring Leases 
 Sq. Ft. 
 Commercial Sq. Ft. 
 Total 
 Per Sq. Ft. 

Month to month 
 4 
 31,291 
 8.1 
 424,335 
 13.56 
 
 2023 
 7 
 17,701 
 4.6 
 547,300 
 30.92 
 
 2024 
 10 
 50,126 
 12.9 
 1,175,120 
 23.44 
 
 2025 
 8 
 33,692 
 8.7 
 547,702 
 16.26 
 
 2026 
 7 
 76,105 
 19.6 
 1,089,200 
 14.31 
 
 2027 
 15 
 162,079 
 41.8 
 2,018,776 
 12.46 
 
 2028 
 2 
 3,714 
 1.0 
 100,020 
 26.93 
 
 2029 
 1 
 2,786 
 0.7 
 74,940 
 26.90 
 
 2030 
 2 
 2,680 
 0.7 
 85,416 
 31.87 
 
 2031 
 1 
 1,300 
 0.3 
 39,000 
 30.00 
 
 2032 
 1 
 2,249 
 0.6 
 55,140 
 24.52 
 
 2033 
 1 
 4,365 
 1.1 
 135,315 
 31.00 

15 

Table of Contents 

Vacant Land as of October 31, 2022: 

Vacant Land 

Permitted Use Per 
 Acreage Per 
 
 Location (1) 
 Acquired 
 Current Use 
 Local Zoning Laws 
 Parcel 
 
 Franklin Lakes, NJ 
 1966 
 None 
 Residential 
 4.27 
 
 Wayne, NJ 
 2002 
 None 
 Commercial 
 2.1 
 
 Rockaway, NJ 
 1964 
 None 
 Residential 
 1.0 
 
 (1) All of the above land is unencumbered, except as noted elsewhere. 

FREIT believes that it has a diversified portfolio
of residential and commercial properties. FREIT does not derive 10 or greater of its total consolidated revenue from any single
lease agreement. 

In Fiscal 2022, FREIT had one (1) property that
contributed over 15 of FREIT s total consolidated revenue: within the residential segment, the Westwood Hills property, which accounted
for 16.1 of total consolidated revenue. In Fiscal 2021 and 2020, FREIT had one (1) property that contributed over 15 of FREIT s
total consolidated revenue: within both the residential and commercial segment, the Rotunda property in Baltimore, Maryland. The Rotunda
property accounted for 34 for Fiscal 2021 and 31.3 for Fiscal 2020 of total consolidated revenue. On December 30, 2021, the property
owned by Grande Rotunda was sold. (See Note 2 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements for additional details.) 

Although FREIT s general investment policy
is to hold properties as long-term investments, FREIT could selectively sell certain properties if it determines that any such sale is
in FREIT s and its stockholders best interests. See Maryland Property Dispositions under Item 1 above.
With respect to FREIT s future acquisition and development activities, FREIT will evaluate various real estate opportunities, which
FREIT believes would increase FREIT s revenues and earnings, as well as complement and increase the overall value of FREIT s
existing investment portfolio. 

Except for the TD Bank branch located in Rockaway,
New Jersey and the property located in Glen Rock, New Jersey, all of FREIT s and its subsidiaries commercial properties have
multiple tenants. 

As of October 31, 2022, FREIT and its subsidiaries 
commercial properties have seven (7) anchor/major tenants, which account for approximately 70.2 of the space leased. The balance of
the space is leased to fifty-two (52) satellite tenants. The following table lists the anchor/major tenants at each center and the number
of satellite tenants: 

No. of 
 
 Commercial Property 
 
 Net Leasable 
 
 Additional/Satellite 
 
 Shopping Center (SC) 
 
 Space 
 Anchor/Major Tenants 
 Tenants 
 
 Franklin Crossing 
 (SC) 
 87,661 
 Stop Shop Supermarket Co. 
 17 
 
 Franklin, Lakes, NJ 

Westwood Plaza 
 (SC) 
 174,275 
 Kmart Corp 
 12 
 
 Westwood, NJ 

TJMaxx 

Preakness Center (1) 
 (SC) 
 322,142 
 Stop Shop Supermarket Co. 
 22 
 
 Wayne, NJ 

CVS 

Annie Sez 

T-Bowl, Inc. (2) 

Glen Rock, NJ 
 (SC) 
 4,672 
 - 
 1 

(1) FREIT has a 40 interest in this property. 

(2) See Note 16 to FREIT's consolidated financial statements and Renewal of leases and Reletting of Space for additional details. 

With respect to most of FREIT s commercial
properties, lease terms range from five (5) years to twenty-five (25) years with options, which if exercised would extend the terms of
such leases. The lease agreements generally provide for reimbursement of real estate taxes, maintenance, insurance and certain other operating
expenses of the properties. During the last three (3) completed fiscal years, occupancy at FREIT s commercial properties averaged
69.2 , which represents the actual physical occupancy rate (based upon possession and use of leased space) and excludes
from each of these years the occupancy at the Maryland Properties sold in Fiscal 2022. While our retail properties have stabilized from
the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, certain of our properties still have not attained pre-pandemic occupancy levels despite some recovery
in brick and mortar retail. 

Leases for FREIT s apartment buildings
and complexes are usually one to two years in duration. Even though the residential units are leased on a short-term basis, FREIT has
averaged, during the last three (3) completed fiscal years, a 96.9 occupancy rate with respect to FREIT s available apartment units,
excluding from each of these fiscal years the occupancy at the Icon property sold in Fiscal 2022. 

FREIT does not believe that any seasonal factors
materially affect FREIT s business operations and the leasing of its commercial and apartment properties. 

FREIT believes that its properties are covered
by adequate fire and property insurance provided by reputable companies and with commercially reasonable deductibles and limits. 

16 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 3 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

On January 14, 2020, FREIT and certain of its
affiliates (collectively, the Sellers or Defendant ), entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (as subsequently
amended, the Purchase and Sale Agreement with Sinatra Properties LLC (the Purchaser , Sinatra 
or Plaintiff ), which provided for the sale by the Sellers to the Purchaser of 100 of the Sellers ownership interests
in six real properties held by the Sellers in exchange for the purchase price described therein, subject to the terms and conditions of
the Purchase and Sale Agreement. On April 30, 2020, the Sellers delivered written notice to the Purchaser of the Sellers termination
of the Purchase and Sale Agreement in accordance with its terms due to the occurrence of a Purchaser Default thereunder,
based on the Purchaser s failure to perform its obligations under the Purchase and Sale Agreement and close the transactions contemplated
therein. 

Upon the execution of the Purchase and Sale
Agreement, the Purchaser delivered into escrow a deposit in the amount of 15 million (the Deposit ), in the form of an unconditional,
irrevocable letter of credit in such amount (the Letter of Credit ). The Purchase and Sale Agreement provides that the Sellers 
exclusive remedy, in the event of a Purchaser Default and the termination of the Purchase and Sale Agreement, is the forfeiture
of the Deposit to the Sellers as liquidated damages. Accordingly, contemporaneously with the Sellers delivery of the termination
notice to the Purchaser, the Sellers delivered written notice to the escrow agent requesting that the escrow agent release the Letter
of Credit from escrow and deliver same to the Sellers. 

On May 6, 2020, the Purchaser filed a complaint
(the Complaint against the Sellers in the Superior Court of New Jersey, Monmouth County Court ), in which,
among other things, the Purchaser alleges breach of contract and breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing against the Sellers
in connection with the Sellers termination of the Purchase and Sale Agreement. The Purchaser seeks (a) a judgment of specific performance
compelling the Sellers to convey the properties under the Purchase and Sale Agreement to the Purchaser; (b) declaratory judgment from
the court that (i) the Purchase and Sale Agreement is not terminated, (ii) the Purchaser is not in default under the Purchase and Sale
Agreement, and (iii) the Sellers are in default under the Purchase and Sale Agreement, subject to a right to cure; (c) an order for injunctive
relief compelling the Sellers to perform the Purchase and Sale Agreement; (d) in the event that the court does not order specific performance,
a judgment directing that the Purchaser s 15 million deposit under the Purchase and Sale Agreement be returned to the Purchaser,
and compensatory, consequential and incidental damages in an amount to be determined at trial; and (e) attorneys fees and costs. 

The Purchaser has filed lis pendens with respect
to each of the six properties that were subject to the Purchase and Sale Agreement. The lis pendens provides notice to the public of the
Complaint. Pending the resolution of this litigation, the filing of the lis pendens will adversely affect the future sale or financing
of those properties. 

On June 17, 2020, the Sellers filed their answer,
separate defenses, and counterclaims (the Answer in response to the Complaint, in which, among other things, the Sellers
(a) deny the Purchaser s claim that the Sellers termination of the Purchase and Sale Agreement was wrongful, and assert that
there was no contractual basis in the Purchase and Sale Agreement to relieve the Purchaser from its obligation to perform thereunder,
or to defer or postpone the Purchaser s obligation to perform, (b) assert certain defenses to the allegations set forth in the Complaint
without admitting any liability, and (c) request relief from the Court in the form of (i) judgment in the Sellers favor dismissing
all of the Purchaser s claims against them with prejudice and denying all of the Purchaser s requests for relief, (ii) reasonable
attorneys fees and costs, and (iii) such other and further relief as the Court deems just. 

In addition, the Answer asserts counterclaims
by the Sellers against the Purchaser for breach of contract due to the Purchaser s failure to close the Purchase and Sale Agreement
in accordance with its terms, and the Sellers seek a declaratory judgment from the Court that the Sellers properly terminated the Purchase
and Sale Agreement in accordance with its terms due to the Purchaser s default and an order from the Court that the Purchaser authorize
the escrow agent to release the 15 million deposit under the Purchase and Sale Agreement to the Sellers. On April 28, 2021, the Sellers
amended the Answer to include (1) counterclaims against the Purchaser for breach of contract due to the Purchaser s breach of confidentiality
and non-disclosure obligations contained in the Purchase and Sale Agreement, and (2) third-party claims against Purchaser s affiliate
Kushner Realty Acquisition LLC for breach of its confidentiality and non-disclosure obligations contained in the non-disclosure agreement
entered into by the parties in connection with the negotiation of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase and Sale Agreement, based
on the conduct of the Purchaser and its affiliates after the Sellers terminated the Purchase and Sale Agreement. 

In connection with these counterclaims and
third-party claims, the Answer seeks the following relief from the Court: (a) liquidated damages in the amount of 15 million, as provided
in the Purchase and Sale Agreement; (b) in the alternative to the liquidated damages provided for in the Purchase and Sale Agreement,
money damages in an amount to be determined at trial; (c) interest, attorneys fees and costs associated with the defense of the
Purchaser s claims and the prosecution of the Sellers counterclaims against the Purchaser, as provided for in the Purchase
and Sale Agreement; (d) judgment declaring that the Sellers properly terminated the Purchase and Sale Agreement due to the Purchaser s
default thereunder; (e) judgment declaring that the Purchaser must authorize the escrow agent to release the 15 million deposit to the
Sellers; (f) an order enjoining the Purchaser and its affiliates from engaging in further breaches of the Purchase and Sale Agreement
and non-disclosure agreement, and compelling the Purchaser and its affiliates to return the Sellers confidential information and
materials and to use best efforts to 

17 

Table of Contents 

ensure the return of the Sellers confidential information and materials from third parties
to whom the Purchaser and/or its affiliates provided such materials; and (g) such other relief as the Court deems just and equitable. 

In the Answer filed by the Purchaser on September
15, 2020 and the Answer and Affirmative Defenses filed by the Purchaser and Kushner Realty Acquisition LLC on June 7, 2021, the Purchaser
and Kushner Realty Acquisition LLC have generally denied the claims, counterclaims and allegations contained in the Sellers original
and amended Answer, and asserted affirmative defenses to the Sellers claims and counterclaims. 

Each of the Sellers and the Purchaser filed
motions for summary judgment Summary Judgment Motions with the Court in which the litigation is pending seeking, among
other things, the dismissal of the other parties claims. 

On February 4, 2022, the Court entered an Order
(the February 4 Order with respect to the Summary Judgment Motions which provides as follows: 

(1) The Court finds that the Plaintiff s have breached the subject contract and the Court dismisses
all claims for relief filed by the Plaintiffs in this suit. The Court dismissed the Complaint and dismisses the Lis Pendens. 

(2) The Court finds that the liquidated damage provision of the contract is not enforceable and the Court
Orders that the 15 million held in escrow be returned to the Plaintiff. 

(3) 
 The Court dismisses the Counterclaims and Third Party Complaint. All pleadings are dismissed. 

On May 31, 2022, Sinatra filed a Motion for
Reconsideration with the Court, requesting that the Court reconsider its February 4, 2022 Order and, among other things, (a) grant Sinatra s
motion for summary judgment, and (b) reverse the Court s findings that (1) Sinatra breached the Purchase and Sale Agreement, (2)
the Sellers did not breach the Purchase and Sale Agreement and (3) the Court s dismissal of the Complaint and Lis Pendens. On July
8, 2022, the Court denied Sinatra s Motion for Reconsideration. 

Following the February 4 Order, the Sellers
and the Purchaser each filed a motion for an award of attorney s fees and costs pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Purchase
and Sale Agreement. On December 8, 2022 the Court entered an Order awarding Sellers 3,420,422.88 in attorneys fees and denying
the Plaintiff s request for attorneys fees (the December 8 Order ). Upon entering the December 8 Order, the
Court had adjudicated all unresolved issues in the action. 

On December 8, 2022, the Sellers filed a Notice
of Appeal, appealing from that portion of the February 4 Order which declined to enforce the liquidated damages provision in the Purchase
and Sale Agreement. 

On December 22, 2022, the Purchaser filed a
Notice of Cross Appeal appealing from all determinations by the Court adverse to the Purchaser, including (i) that portion of the February
4 Order holding that the Purchaser breached the contract; (ii) the denial of the Purchaser s motion for reconsideration of the February
4 Order; and (iii) the December 8 Order awarding the Sellers 3,420,422.88 in attorneys fees and denying the Purchaser s
request for attorneys fees. 

The Sellers continue to believe that the allegations
set forth in the Complaint filed by Sinatra and in the Answer to Counterclaims and Third-Party Complaint and Affirmative Defenses filed
by Sinatra and Kushner Realty Acquisition LLC, are without merit. 

Except as disclosed in the preceding paragraphs,
there are no other material pending legal proceedings to which FREIT is a party, or of which any of its properties is the subject. There
is, however, ordinary and routine litigation involving FREIT's business including various tenancy and related matters. Except for the
environmental conditions involving remediation disclosed in Item 1(c) Narrative Description of Business - Impact of Governmental
Laws and Regulations on Registrant s Business; Environmental Matters , there are no legal proceedings concerning environmental
issues with respect to any property owned by FREIT. 

ITEM 4 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

18 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5 
 MARKET FOR FREIT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SECURITY HOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Reincorporation 

First Real Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey
was organized on November 1, 1961 as a New Jersey Business Trust. On July 1, 2021, First Real Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey completed
the change of its form of organization from a New Jersey real estate investment trust to a Maryland corporation (the Reincorporation which was approved by its stockholders at the annual meeting of stockholders held on May 6, 2021. The Reincorporation changed the law
applicable to First Real Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey s affairs from New Jersey law to Maryland law and was accomplished
by the merger of First Real Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey with and into its wholly owned subsidiary, First Real Estate Investment
Trust of New Jersey, Inc. FREIT , Trust , us , we , our or the Company ),
a Maryland corporation. As a result of the Reincorporation, the separate existence of First Real Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey
ceased and FREIT succeeded to all the business, properties, assets and liabilities of First Real Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey.
Holders of shares of beneficial interest in First Real Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey received one newly issued share of common
stock of FREIT for each share of First Real Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey owned by them, without any action of stockholders required
and all treasury stock held by First Real Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey was retired. FREIT is organized and will continue to operate
in such a manner as to qualify for taxation as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and its stock is traded on
the over-the-counter market under the trading symbol FREVS. 

Shares 

FREIT has the authority to issue 25,000,000
shares, consisting of 20,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of 0.01 per share and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock with
a par value of 0.01 per share. FREIT s only authorized, issued and outstanding class of equity is common stock Shares ).
As of January 27, 2023, there were approximately 500 holders of record of the Shares. 

The Shares are traded in the over-the-counter
market through use of the OTC Bulletin Board Service (the OTC Bulletin Board provided by the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority, Inc. FINRA ). FREIT does not believe that an active United States public trading market exists for the Shares
since historically only small volumes of the Shares are traded on a sporadic basis. The following table sets forth, at the end of the
periods indicated, the Bid and Asked quotations for the Shares on the OTC Bulletin Board. 

Bid 
 
 Asked 

Fiscal Year Ended October 31, 2022 

First Quarter 

24.01 

25.00 

Second Quarter 

24.25 

25.00 

Third Quarter 

24.16 

24.75 

Fourth Quarter 

16.50 

17.15 

Bid 
 
 Asked 

Fiscal Year Ended October 31, 2021 

First Quarter 

18.10 

18.50 

Second Quarter 

17.65 

18.00 

Third Quarter 

17.31 

19.00 

Fourth Quarter 

18.51 

19.99 

The bid quotations set forth above for the Shares
reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, markdown or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. The
source of the bid and asked quotations is Bloomberg. 

Dividends 

The holders of Shares are entitled to receive
distributions as may be declared by the FREIT Board of Directors Board ). Dividends may be declared from time to time by
the Board and may be paid in cash, property, or Shares. The Board s present policy is to distribute annually at least ninety percent
(90 of FREIT s REIT taxable income as dividends to the holders of Shares in order to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax
purposes. Distributions are made on a quarterly basis. For Fiscal 2022, FREIT paid/declared an annual dividend of 9.20 per share. For
Fiscal 2021, FREIT paid/declared an annual dividend of 0.25 per share. For Fiscal 2020, FREIT did not pay/declare a dividend. See
Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Distributions to Stockholders. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

See Item 12, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management and Related Stockholder Matters . 

19 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Cautionary Statement Identifying Important Factors
 That Could Cause FREIT s Actual Results to Differ From Those Projected in Forward Looking Statements. 
 Readers of this discussion are advised that
 the discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of FREIT (including related notes thereto) appearing
 elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Certain statements in this discussion may constitute forward-looking statements within the
 meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements reflect FREIT s current expectations
 and are based on estimates, projections, beliefs, data, methods and assumptions of management of FREIT at the time of such statements
 regarding future results of operations, economic performance, financial condition and achievements of FREIT, and do not relate strictly
 to historical or current facts. These forward-looking statements are identified through the use of words such as believe, 
 expect, anticipate, intend, plan, estimate, or words of similar
 meaning. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties in predicting future results and conditions. 
 Although FREIT believes that the expectations
 reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties,
 which may cause the actual results to differ materially from those projected. Such factors include, but are not limited to the following:
 general economic and business conditions, including the purchase of retail products over the Internet, which will, among other things,
 affect demand for rental space, the availability of prospective tenants, lease rents, the financial condition of tenants and the default
 rate on leases, operating and administrative expenses and the availability of financing; adverse changes in FREIT s real estate
 markets, including, among other things, competition with other real estate owners, competition confronted by tenants at FREIT s
 commercial properties, governmental actions and initiatives; environmental/safety requirements; and risks of real estate development and
 acquisitions. The risks with respect to the development of real estate include: increased construction costs, inability to obtain construction
 financing, or unfavorable terms of financing that may be available, unforeseen construction delays and the failure to complete construction
 within budget. 

OVERVIEW 

FREIT is an equity real estate investment trust
("REIT") that is self-administered and externally managed. FREIT owns a portfolio of residential apartment and commercial properties.
FREIT s revenues consist primarily of rental income and other related revenues from its residential and commercial properties and
additional rents derived from operating commercial properties. FREIT s properties are primarily located in northern New Jersey and
New York. 

Maryland Property Dispositions: 

On November 22, 2021, certain affiliates (the
 Maryland Sellers of FREIT entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (the Maryland Purchase and Sale Agreement with MCB Acquisition Company, LLC (the Maryland Purchaser ), a third party, pursuant to which the Maryland Sellers agreed
to sell three properties to the Maryland Purchaser. The properties consisted of retail and office space and a residential apartment community
owned by Grande Rotunda, LLC (the Rotunda Property ), a shopping center owned by Damascus Centre, LLC (the Damascus
Property ), and a shopping center owned by WestFREIT Corp. (the Westridge Square Property ). FREIT owns 100 of its
subsidiary, WestFREIT Corp. WestFREIT ), a 60 interest in Grande Rotunda, LLC Grande Rotunda ), the joint
venture that owned the Rotunda Property, and a 70 interest in Damascus Centre, LLC Damascus Centre ), the joint venture
that owned the Damascus Property. 

The original purchase price for the Rotunda
Property, the Damascus Property and the Westridge Square Property (collectively the Maryland Properties under the Maryland
Purchase and Sale Agreement was reduced by 2,723,000 from 267,000,000 to 248,750,269, after giving effect to the 15,526,731 escrow
deposit described below. This reduction in the sales price of 2,723,000 was to account for improvements and repairs to the Maryland
Properties and miscellaneous items identified by the Maryland Purchaser in the course of its due diligence inspection. Additionally,
the Maryland Purchaser was obligated under the Maryland Purchase and Sale Agreement to deposit a total of 15,526,731 in escrow with
respect to certain leases at the Maryland Properties, which have not been executed or where the rent commencement date has not occurred
or economic obligations of the Maryland Sellers under certain leases remain unpaid. Although there can be no assurance, a portion of
the 15,526,731 escrow deposit (the Maryland Purchaser Escrow Payment may be paid to the Maryland Sellers depending upon
the outcome of construction and leasing activities at the Maryland Properties. The Maryland Purchaser Escrow Payment Agreement provides
for among other things, monthly disbursements from escrow to the Maryland Purchaser related to the aforementioned tenant lease agreements
until the earlier of (i) the rent commencement date of the respective tenant lease agreements or (ii) 5-years from the date of the agreement.
The release and amounts of escrowed funds to FREIT, generally, is contingent on the success and timing of future leasing activities at
the Maryland Properties. 

The sale of the Maryland Properties having a
total net book value of 172.2 million was consummated by the Maryland Sellers and the Maryland Purchaser for a purchase price of 248,750,269,
after giving effect to the 15,526,731 Maryland Purchaser Escrow Payment. This sale resulted in net proceeds of approximately 53.9 million
(inclusive of approximately 1.9 million in funds released from the Maryland Purchaser Escrow Payment during the second quarter of Fiscal
2022), after payment of related 

20 

Table of Contents 

mortgage debt in the amount of 155.8 million and the corresponding swap breakage fees of approximately
 213,000 related to the early termination of the interest rate swap contracts on the Damascus Property loan, payment of loans (including
interest) to each of the equity owners in Grande Rotunda in the amount of approximately 31 million and certain transactional expenses
and transfer taxes including brokerage fees due to Hekemian Co. of approximately 6.2 million. As of October 31, 2022, approximately
 1,946,000 of the Maryland Purchaser Escrow Payment has been released from escrow to the Maryland Sellers. The escrow and related gain
on sale were reduced by approximately 1.2 million due to a change in estimate in the second quarter of Fiscal 2022 related to a change
in the timing of anticipated rent commencement dates for certain tenants, which will reduce the escrowed funds available to be released
to Grande Rotunda. Approximately 6.3 million of remaining funds are held in a post-closing escrow for rents anticipated to be fully released
in Fiscal 2023 and are included in Funds held in post-closing escrow on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of
October 31, 2022. The sale of the Maryland Properties resulted in a net gain of approximately 68.8 million (as adjusted) (with a consolidated
impact to FREIT of approximately 45.6 million) which includes approximately 8.2 million of proceeds released and anticipated to be released
from funds held in escrow, a write-off of the straight-line rent receivable of approximately 2.9 million and a write-off of unamortized
lease commissions of approximately 1.7 million. 

On August 4, 2022, the FREIT Board of Directors Board declared a special, extraordinary, non-recurring cash distribution of approximately 51.5 million, or 7.50 per
share, which was paid on August 30, 2022, to stockholders of record on August 16, 2022 (with an ex-dividend date of August 31, 2022).
This distribution represented most of the net proceeds of FREIT s sale of its portfolio of Maryland Properties. 

See Note 2 to FREIT s consolidated financial
statements for additional details on the sale of the Maryland Properties. 

The economic and financial environment: 
As of October 2022, the annual inflation rate is 7.7 , which is primarily being driven by soaring food prices and energy costs, labor
shortages and supply disruptions while the U.S. unemployment rate increased slightly to 3.7 . Though inflation is still running near a
40-year high, it may be showing signs of slowing down since the actual rate for the month of October 2022 came in lower than the prior
month, which was at 8.2 . While the Federal Reserve has been continuing to raise interest rates in an effort to lower inflation, the pace
at which it may continue to do so is uncertain leading to uncertainties in the financing market and a volatile economy. 

Residential Properties: Our residential
properties continue to generate positive cash flow while average rents on turned units (apartments which were vacated and then re-leased
to new tenants) from 2021 to 2022 has increased across the portfolio. Additionally, the rate of increase on renewals for existing tenants
has also been robust over the past year with slight signs of this robustness starting to soften. These increases should meaningfully contribute
to FREIT s income over time but it is uncertain what impact the significant rise in inflation and rising interest rates may have
on these properties over the next year. 

Commercial Properties: While our
retail properties have stabilized from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, certain of our properties still have not attained pre-pandemic
operating levels despite some recovery in brick and mortar retail. Additionally, the significant rise in inflation and rising interest
rates could have an impact on the operating and financial performance of our commercial properties. 

Debt Financing Availability: Financing
has been available to FREIT and its affiliates. In accordance with certain loan agreements, FREIT may be required to meet or maintain
certain financial covenants throughout the term of the loan. (See Note 5 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements for additional
details.) 

On December 30, 2021, FREIT refinanced its 14.4
million loan (which would have matured on February 1, 2022) on its Boulders property located in Rockaway, New Jersey with a new loan held
by ConnectOne Bank in the amount of 7,500,000, with additional funding available to be drawn upon in the amount of 7,500,000 for corporate
needs. This loan is interest-only and has a maturity date of January 1, 2024 with the option of FREIT to extend for one year from the
maturity date, subject to certain provisions of the loan agreement. This refinancing will provide annual debt service savings of approximately
 1,173,000 as a result of the reduction in the principal amount, a reduction in the annual interest rate from a fixed rate of 5.37 to
a fixed rate of 2.85 and interest-only payments being required under this new loan. (See Note 5 to FREIT s consolidated financial
statements for additional details.) 

On July 22, 2022, Wayne PSC, LLC Wayne
PSC refinanced its 22.1 million loan (inclusive of deferred interest of approximately 136,000), which would have matured on
October 1, 2026, on its Preakness Shopping center located in Wayne, New Jersey with a new loan held by ConnectOne Bank in the amount
of 25,000,000. This loan is interest-only based on a fixed interest rate of 5 and has a term of three years with a maturity date of
August 1, 2025. Additionally, an interest reserve escrow was established at closing representing twelve months of interest of 1,250,000,
which can be used to pay monthly interest on this loan with a requirement to replenish the escrow account back to 1,250,000 when the
balance in the escrow account is reduced to three months of interest. This refinancing resulted in (i) annual debt service savings of
approximately 340,000 due to interest-only payments; (ii) an increase in the interest rate from a fixed interest rate of 3.625 to a
fixed interest rate of 5 ; and (iii) net refinancing proceeds of approximately 1.1 million which can be used for capital expenditures
and general corporate purposes. As part of the refinancing, Wayne PSC terminated the interest rate swap contract on the underlying loan
resulting in a realized gain on the swap breakage of approximately 1.4 million, which has been recorded as a realized gain on the 

21 

Table of Contents 

accompanying
consolidated statement of income for the year ended October 31, 2022. (See Notes 5 and 6 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements
for additional details.) 

On August 19, 2022, Westwood Hills, LLC exercised
its right, pursuant to the loan agreement, to extend the term of its 25 million loan on its property located in Westwood, New Jersey,
for an additional six (6) months from an initial maturity date of October 1, 2022 to a new maturity date of April 1, 2023. This loan was
extended on the same terms and conditions as stated in the loan agreement and has one remaining six (6) month extension. (See Note 5 to
FREIT s consolidated financial statements for additional details.) 

Operating Cash Flow: FREIT expects
that cash provided by operating activities and cash reserves will be adequate to cover mandatory debt service payments (including payments
of interest, but excluding balloon payments, which are expected to be refinanced and/or extended), real estate taxes, recurring capital
improvements at its properties and other needs to maintain its status as a REIT for at least a period of one year from the date of filing
of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 

Pursuant to the SEC disclosure guidance for
"Critical Accounting Policies," the SEC defines Critical Accounting Policies as those that require the application of management's
most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often because of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently
uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. 

Our discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, the preparation of which takes into account
estimates based on judgments and assumptions that affect certain amounts and disclosures. Accordingly, actual results could differ from
these estimates. The accounting policies and estimates used, which are outlined in Note 1 to our Consolidated Financial Statements which
is presented elsewhere in this Form 10-K, have been applied consistently as of October 31, 2022 and 2021, and for the years ended October
31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. We believe that the following accounting policies or estimates require the application of management's most difficult,
subjective, or complex judgments. 

Revenue Recognition: Base rents, additional
rents based on tenants' sales volume and reimbursement of the tenants' share of certain operating expenses are generally recognized when
due from tenants. The straight-line basis is used to recognize base rents under leases if they provide for varying rents over the lease
terms. Straight-line rents represent unbilled rents receivable to the extent straight-line rents exceed current rents billed in accordance
with lease agreements. Before FREIT can recognize revenue, it is required to assess, among other things, its collectability. 

Valuation of Long-Lived Assets: FREIT assesses
the carrying value of long-lived assets periodically, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts
of certain assets may not be recoverable. When FREIT determines that the carrying value of long-lived assets may be impaired, the measurement
of any impairment is based on a projected discounted cash flow method determined by FREIT's management. While we believe that our discounted
cash flow methods are reasonable, different assumptions regarding such cash flows may significantly affect the measurement of impairment. 

Real Estate Development Costs: It is FREIT s
policy to capitalize pre-development costs, which generally include legal and professional fees and other directly related third-party
costs. Real estate taxes and interest costs incurred during the development and construction phases are also capitalized. FREIT ceases
capitalization of these costs when the project or portion thereof becomes operational, or when construction has been postponed. In the
event of postponement, capitalization of these costs will recommence once construction on the project resumes. 

See Note 1 to FREIT s consolidated financial
statements for recently issued accounting standards. 

22 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations: 

Fiscal Years Ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 

Summary revenues and net income for the fiscal
years ended October 31, 2022 Fiscal 2022 and October 31, 2021 Fiscal 2021 are as follows: 

Years Ended October 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 

(in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 Real estate revenues: 

Commercial properties 
 10,644 
 23,317 
 (12,673 
 
 Residential properties 
 20,627 
 26,974 
 (6,347 
 
 Total real estate revenues 
 31,271 
 50,291 
 (19,020 

Operating expenses: 

Real estate operating expenses 
 15,281 
 22,294 
 (7,013 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 5,003 
 5,195 
 (192 
 
 Depreciation 
 3,995 
 9,300 
 (5,305 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 24,279 
 36,789 
 (12,510 

Operating income 
 6,992 
 13,502 
 (6,510 

Investment income 
 358 
 116 
 242 
 
 Net gain on sale of Maryland properties 
 68,771 
 
 68,771 
 
 Net realized gain on Wayne PSC interest rate swap termination 
 1,415 
 
 1,415 
 
 Loss on investment in tenancy-in-common 
 (228 
 (295 
 67 
 
 Financing costs 
 (8,064 
 (12,276 
 4,212 
 
 Net income 
 69,244 
 1,047 
 68,197 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling 

interests in subsidiaries 
 (23,252 
 (120 
 (23,132 
 
 Net income attributable to common equity 
 45,992 
 927 
 45,065 

Earnings per share: 

Basic 
 6.52 
 0.13 
 6.39 
 
 Diluted 
 6.45 
 0.13 
 6.32 

Weighted average shares outstanding: 

Basic 
 7,055 
 7,019 

Diluted 
 7,132 
 7,022 

Real estate revenue for Fiscal 2022 decreased
37.8 to 31,271,000 compared to 50,291,000 for Fiscal 2021. The decline in revenue was primarily attributable to the following: (a)
a decrease of approximately 20.2 million attributed to the Maryland Properties sold; offset by (b) an increase from the residential segment
of approximately 1.2 million, excluding the Icon at the Rotunda Property sold as part of the Maryland Properties, driven by an increase
in base rents across all properties and an increase in the average occupancy rate to 98.2 in Fiscal 2022 from 97.3 in Fiscal 2021. 

Net income attributable to common equity net
income-common equity for Fiscal 2022 was 45,992,000 6.52 per share basic and 6.45 per share diluted), compared to 927,000 0.13 per share basic and diluted) for Fiscal 2021. 

23 

Table of Contents 

The schedule below provides a non-GAAP detailed
analysis of the major changes that impacted net income-common equity for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021: 

NON-GAAP NET INCOME COMPONENTS 

Years Ended October 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 

(In Thousands) 
 
 Income from real estate operations: 

Commercial properties 
 4,217 
 12,094 
 (7,877 
 
 Residential properties 
 11,773 
 15,903 
 (4,130 
 
 Total income from real estate operations 
 15,990 
 27,997 
 (12,007 

Financing costs: 

Fixed rate mortgages 
 (4,765 
 (5,783 
 1,018 
 
 Floating rate mortgages 
 (1,978 
 (5,159 
 3,181 
 
 Other - Corporate interest 
 (137 
 (225 
 88 
 
 Interest rate swap contracts breakage fee 
 (213 
 
 (213 
 
 Mortgage cost amortization 
 (971 
 (1,109 
 138 
 
 Total financing costs 
 (8,064 
 (12,276 
 4,212 

Investment income 
 358 
 116 
 242 

General administrative expenses: 

Accounting fees 
 (469 
 (426 
 (43 
 
 Legal and professional fees 
 (1,452 
 (2,477 
 1,025 
 
 Directors and consultant fees 
 (1,076 
 (950 
 (126 
 
 Stock compensation expense 
 (1,192 
 (42 
 (1,150 
 
 Corporate expenses 
 (814 
 (1,300 
 486 
 
 Total general administrative expenses 
 (5,003 
 (5,195 
 192 

Depreciation 
 (3,995 
 (9,300 
 5,305 
 
 Loss on investment in tenancy-in-common 
 (228 
 (295 
 67 
 
 Adjusted net (loss) income 
 (942 
 1,047 
 (1,989 

Net gain on sale of Maryland properties 
 68,771 
 
 68,771 
 
 Net realized gain on Wayne PSC interest rate swap termination 
 1,415 
 
 1,415 
 
 Net income 
 69,244 
 1,047 
 68,197 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling 

interests in subsidiaries 
 (23,252 
 (120 
 (23,132 
 
 Net income attributable to common equity 
 45,992 
 927 
 45,065 

Adjusted net (loss) income for Fiscal 2022 was
adjusted net (loss) of 942,000) (( 0.13) per share basic and diluted) compared to adjusted net income of 1,047,000 0.15 per share
basic and diluted) for Fiscal 2021. Adjusted net (loss) income is a non-GAAP measure, which management believes is a useful and meaningful
gauge to investors of our operating performance, since it excludes the impact of unusual and infrequent items specifically: a gain on
sale of Maryland Properties in Fiscal 2022; a realized gain on the Wayne PSC interest rate swap contract termination in Fiscal 2022. 

The decrease in adjusted net (loss) income for
Fiscal 2022 was primarily driven by the following: (a) a decrease of approximately 3.9 million (with a consolidated impact to FREIT of
approximately 2.8 million) attributed to the Maryland Properties sold; offset by (b) an increase in revenue of approximately 1.2 million
(with a consolidated impact to FREIT of approximately 1.1 million), excluding the Maryland Properties sold; (c) a decrease in the reserve
for uncollectible rents of approximately 0.3 million (with a consolidated impact to FREIT of approximately 0.3 million), excluding the
Maryland Properties sold, primarily due to rental revenue being deemed uncollectible and classified as a reduction in rental revenue in
Fiscal 2022; (d) a decrease in general and administrative expenses G A of approximately 0.2 million primarily driven
by a decline in legal costs of approximately 1 million primarily attributed to the legal proceeding between FREIT and certain of its
affiliates and Sinatra Properties, LLC, reincorporation expenses of approximately 0.5 million incurred in Fiscal 2021, offset by incremental
stock compensation expense of approximately 1.2 million related to the stock option modification recorded in Fiscal 2022; (e) a decrease
in snow removal costs of approximately 0.1 million (with a consolidated impact to FREIT of approximately 0.1 million); and (f) an increase
in investment income of approximately 0.2 million resulting from a higher interest rate and cash balance in Fiscal 2022 due to the sale
of the Maryland Properties. 

(Refer to the segment disclosure below for a
more detailed discussion of the financial performance of FREIT s commercial and residential segments.) 

24 

Table of Contents 

SEGMENT INFORMATION 

The following table sets forth comparative net
operating income ("NOI") data for FREIT s real estate segments and reconciles the NOI to consolidated net income-common
equity for Fiscal 2022, as compared to Fiscal 2021 (See below for definition of NOI): 

Commercial 
 Residential 
 Combined 

Years Ended 

Years Ended 

Years Ended 

October 31, 
 Increase (Decrease) 
 October 31, 
 Increase (Decrease) 
 October 31, 

2022 
 2021 

2022 
 2021 

2022 
 2021 

(In Thousands) 
 
 (In Thousands) 
 
 (In Thousands) 
 
 Rental income 
 8,232 
 17,875 
 (9,643 
 -53.9 
 20,203 
 26,515 
 (6,312 
 -23.8 
 28,435 
 44,390 
 
 Reimbursements 
 2,364 
 5,311 
 (2,947 
 -55.5 
 19 
 157 
 (138 
 -87.9 
 2,383 
 5,468 
 
 Other 
 30 
 361 
 (331 
 -91.7 
 405 
 302 
 103 
 34.1 
 435 
 663 
 
 Total revenue 
 10,626 
 23,547 
 (12,921 
 -54.9 
 20,627 
 26,974 
 (6,347 
 -23.5 
 31,253 
 50,521 

Operating expenses 
 6,427 
 11,223 
 (4,796 
 -42.7 
 8,854 
 11,071 
 (2,217 
 -20.0 
 15,281 
 22,294 
 
 Net operating income 
 4,199 
 12,324 
 (8,125 
 -65.9 
 11,773 
 15,903 
 (4,130 
 -26.0 
 15,972 
 28,227 

Average Occupancy 
 66.8 
 69.0 
 
 -2.2 
 98.2 
 97.3 
 
 0.9 

Reconciliation to consolidated net income-common equity: 

Deferred rents - straight lining 
 18 
 (230 

Investment income 
 358 
 116 

Loss on investment in tenancy-in-common 
 (228 
 (295 

General and administrative expenses 
 (5,003 
 (5,195 

Depreciation 
 (3,995 
 (9,300 

Net gain on sale of Maryland properties 
 68,771 

Net realized gain on Wayne PSC interest rate swap termination 
 1,415 

Financing costs 
 (8,064 
 (12,276 

Net income 
 69,244 
 1,047 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling
 interests in subsidiaries 
 (23,252 
 (120 

Net income attributable to common equity 
 45,992 
 927 

Average occupancy rate excludes the Rotunda Property, the Damascus Property and the Westridge Square Property from all periods presented as the properties were sold in Fiscal 2022. See Note 2 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements for further details. 

NOI is based on operating revenue and expenses
directly associated with the operations of the real estate properties, but excludes deferred rents (straight lining), depreciation, financing
costs and other items. FREIT assesses and measures segment operating results based on NOI. 

Same Property NOI: FREIT considers same property
net operating income Same Property NOI to be a useful supplemental non-GAAP measure of its operating performance. FREIT
defines same property within both the commercial and residential segments to be those properties that FREIT has owned and operated for
both the current and prior periods presented, excluding those properties that FREIT acquired, sold or redeveloped during those periods.
Any newly acquired property that has been in operation for less than a year, any property that is undergoing a major redevelopment but
may still be in operation at less than full capacity, and/or any property that has been sold or deconsolidated is not considered same
property. 

NOI and Same Property NOI are non-GAAP financial
measures and are not measures of operating results or cash flow as measured by GAAP, and are not necessarily indicative of cash available
to fund cash needs and should not be considered an alternative to cash flows as a measure of liquidity. 

COMMERCIAL SEGMENT 

The commercial segment contains five (5) separate
properties, excluding the Rotunda Property, the Westridge Square Property and the Damascus Property, which were sold on December 30, 2021,
January 7, 2022 and January 10, 2022, respectively. Three of these properties are multi-tenanted retail centers, one is a single tenanted
retail center located in Glen Rock, New Jersey and one is single tenanted on land located in Rockaway, New Jersey owned by FREIT from
which it receives monthly rental income from a tenant who has built and operates a bank branch on the land. (See Note 2 to FREIT s
consolidated financial statements for additional details on the sale of the Maryland Properties.) 

As indicated in the table above under the caption
Segment Information, total revenue and NOI from FREIT s commercial segment for Fiscal 2022 decreased by 54.9 and 65.9 , respectively,
as compared to Fiscal 2021. Average occupancy for all commercial properties, excluding the Maryland Properties sold, for Fiscal 2022 decreased
by 2.2 as compared to Fiscal 2021. 

The decline in revenue for Fiscal 2022 was primarily
attributable to the Maryland Properties sold. The decrease in NOI for Fiscal 2022 was primarily attributable to the following: (a) a decrease
of approximately 8.4 million attributed to the Maryland Properties sold; offset by (b) a decline in snow removal costs of approximately
 0.1 million, excluding the Maryland Properties sold; and (c) a decrease in the reserve for uncollectible rents of approximately 0.2
million, excluding the Maryland Properties sold. 

25 

Table of Contents 

Same Property Operating Results: FREIT s
commercial segment currently contains five (5) same properties. (See definition of same property under Segment Information above.) The
Rotunda Property, the Westridge Square Property and the Damascus Property were excluded from same property results for all periods presented
because these properties were sold in Fiscal 2022. Same property revenue and NOI for Fiscal 2022 decreased by 1.6 and increased by 6.5 ,
respectively, as compared to Fiscal 2021. The changes resulted from the factors discussed in the immediately preceding paragraph. 

Leasing: The following table reflects leasing
activity at FREIT s commercial properties for comparable leases (leases executed for spaces in which there was a tenant at some
point during the previous twelve-month period) and non-comparable leases for Fiscal 2022. 

RETAIL: 
 Number of 
Leases 
 Lease Area 
 (Sq. Ft.) 
 Weighted 
Average 
Lease Rate 
(per Sq. Ft.) 
 Weighted 
Average Prior 
Lease Rate 
(per Sq. Ft.) 
 Increase 
 (Decrease) 
 Tenant 
Improvement 
Allowance 
(per Sq. Ft.) 
(a) 
 Lease 
Commissions 
(per Sq. Ft.) 
(a) 

Comparable leases (b) 
 9 
 137,634 
 6.74 
 6.37 
 5.8 
 
 0.02 

Non-comparable leases 
 5 
 11,875 
 26.37 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 1.07 
 1.32 

Total leasing activity 
 14 
 149,509 

(a) These leasing costs are presented as annualized costs per square foot and are allocated uniformly over
the lease term. 

(b) This includes new tenant leases and/or modifications/extensions/renewals
of existing tenant leases. 

RESIDENTIAL SEGMENT 

FREIT currently operates six (6) multi-family
apartment buildings or complexes totaling 792 apartment units, excluding the Icon at the Rotunda Property, which was sold as part of the
Maryland Properties on December 30, 2021 (see Note 2 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements) and the Pierre Towers property,
which was converted to a TIC (see Note 3 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements). 

As indicated in the table above under the caption
Segment Information, total revenue and NOI from FREIT s residential segment for Fiscal 2022 decreased by 23.5 and 26 , respectively,
as compared to Fiscal 2021. Average occupancy for all residential properties, excluding the Icon at the Rotunda Property sold, for Fiscal
2022 increased by 0.9 as compared to Fiscal 2021. 

The decrease in revenue for Fiscal 2022 was
primarily attributable to the following: (a) a decrease of approximately 7.5 million attributed to the Icon at the Rotunda Property sold;
offset by (b) an increase of approximately 1.2 million, excluding the Icon at the Rotunda Property sold, primarily driven by an increase
in base rents across all properties and an increase in the average occupancy rate to 98.2 in Fiscal 2022 from 97.3 in Fiscal 2021. The
decrease in NOI for Fiscal 2022 was primarily attributable to the following: (a) a decrease of approximately 5.2 million attributed to
the Icon at the Rotunda Property sold; (b) an increase in utilities expense of approximately 0.1 million, excluding the Icon at the Rotunda
Property sold; offset by (c) an increase in revenue of approximately 1.2 million, excluding the Icon at the Rotunda Property sold; and
(d) a decrease in the reserve for uncollectible rents of approximately 0.1 million, excluding the Icon at the Rotunda Property sold. 

Same Property Operating Results: FREIT s
residential segment currently contains six (6) same properties. (See definition of same property under Segment Information above.) The
Icon at the Rotunda Property was excluded from same property results for all periods presented because this property was sold in Fiscal
2022. Same property revenue and NOI for Fiscal 2022 increased by 6.9 and 11.2 , respectively, as compared to Fiscal 2021. The changes
resulted from the factors discussed in the immediately preceding paragraph. 

FREIT s residential revenue is principally
composed of monthly apartment rental income. Total rental income is a factor of occupancy and monthly apartment rents. Monthly average
residential rents (excluding from both periods presented for comparability purposes the Icon at the Rotunda Property, which was sold in
Fiscal 2022) at the end of Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 were 2,085 and 1,939, respectively. A 1 decline in annual average occupancy,
or a 1 decline in average rents from current levels, results in an annual revenue decline of approximately 198,000 and 191,000, respectively. 

Capital expenditures: FREIT tends to spend more
in any given year on maintenance and capital improvements at its residential properties which were constructed more than 25 years ago
(Steuben Arms, Berdan Court and Westwood Hills properties) than on its newer properties (Boulders, Regency and Station Place properties).
Funds for these capital projects are available from cash flow from the property's operations and cash reserves. 

26 

Table of Contents 

FINANCING COSTS 

Years Ended October 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(In Thousands of Dollars) 
 
 Fixed rate mortgages (a): 

1st Mortgages 

Existing 
 4,229 
 5,783 
 
 New 
 536 

Variable rate mortgages: 

1st Mortgages 

Existing 
 1,978 
 5,159 
 
 New 

Interest rate swap contracts breakage fee 
 213 

Other 
 137 
 225 
 
 Total financing costs, gross 
 7,093 
 11,167 
 
 Amortization of mortgage costs 
 971 
 1,109 
 
 Total financing costs, net 
 8,064 
 12,276 

(a) Includes the effect of interest rate swap contracts which effectively convert the floating interest rate to a fixed interest rate over the term of the loan. 

Total net financing costs for Fiscal 2022 decreased
by approximately 4,212,000 or 34.3 , compared to Fiscal 2021 which was primarily attributable to the following: (a) a decline of approximately
 4,513,000 attributed to the pay-down of the loans outstanding on the Maryland Properties sold in Fiscal 2022; (b) a decrease of approximately
 382,000 attributed to the refinancing of the loan on the Boulders property in Fiscal 2022 resulting in a reduction in the interest rate
from 5.37 to 2.85 and in the principal balance from approximately 14.4 million to 7.5 million; offset by (c) an increase of approximately
 213,000 attributed to a breakage fee on the early termination of the interest rate swap contracts relating to the underlying loan on
the Damascus Property, which was repaid from the net proceeds of the sale of the Damascus Property in Fiscal 2022; and (d) an increase
of approximately 148,000 related to the write-off of deferred mortgage costs on the Wayne PSC mortgage loan previously held with People s
United Bank which was refinanced with a new lender in Fiscal 2022. (See Note 2 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements for
additional details on the sale of the Maryland Properties.) 

INVESTMENT INCOME 

Investment income for Fiscal 2022 was 358,000
as compared to 116,000 for Fiscal 2021. Investment income is principally derived from interest earned from cash on deposit in institutional
money market funds and interest earned from secured loans receivable (loans made to Hekemian Co. employees, including Robert S.
Hekemian, Jr., the Chief Executive Officer, President and a Director of FREIT, David B. Hekemian, a Director of FREIT, Allan Tubin, the
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of FREIT and certain other members of the immediate family of the late Robert S. Hekemian, FREIT s
former Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and consultant of FREIT) for their equity investments (through Rotunda 100, LLC) in Grande Rotunda,
LLC, a limited liability company in which FREIT owns a 60 equity interest. In Fiscal 2022, the secured loans receivable was repaid with
proceeds received from the sale of the Rotunda Property. (See Note 8 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements for additional
details.) The increase in investment income for Fiscal 2022 was primarily driven by a higher interest rate and cash balance in Fiscal
2022 due to the sale of the Maryland Properties. (See Note 2 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements for additional details
on the sale of the Maryland Properties.) 

GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES G A 

G A expense for Fiscal 2022 was 5,003,000
as compared to 5,195,000 for Fiscal 2021. The primary components of G A are legal and professional fees, directors fees, corporate
expenses and accounting/auditing fees. The decrease in G A for Fiscal 2022 was primarily driven by a decline in legal costs of approximately
 1 million primarily attributed to the legal proceeding between FREIT and certain of its affiliates and Sinatra Properties, LLC, reincorporation
expenses of approximately 0.5 million incurred in Fiscal 2021, offset by incremental stock compensation expense of approximately 1.2
million related to the stock option modification recorded in Fiscal 2022 (see Note 10 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements
for additional details on the compensation expense). 

DEPRECIATION 

Depreciation expense from operations for Fiscal
2022 was 3,995,000 as compared to 9,300,000 for Fiscal 2021. The decline in depreciation expense for Fiscal 2022 was primarily attributable
the sale of the Maryland Properties. (See Note 2 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements for additional details on the sale
of the Maryland Properties.) 

27 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations: 

Fiscal Years Ended October 31, 2021 and 2020 

Summary revenues and net income for Fiscal 2021
and October 31, 2020 Fiscal 2020 are as follows: 

Years Ended October 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 Change 

(in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 Real estate revenues: 

Commercial properties 
 23,317 
 24,089 
 (772 
 
 Residential properties 
 26,974 
 28,638 
 (1,664 
 
 Total real estate revenues 
 50,291 
 52,727 
 (2,436 

Operating expenses: 

Real estate operating expenses 
 22,294 
 22,922 
 (628 
 
 Third party transaction costs 
 
 4,606 
 (4,606 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 5,195 
 3,821 
 1,374 
 
 Depreciation 
 9,300 
 10,341 
 (1,041 
 
 Tenant improvement write-off due to COVID-19 
 
 7,277 
 (7,277 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 36,789 
 48,967 
 (12,178 

Operating income 
 13,502 
 3,760 
 9,742 

Investment income 
 116 
 204 
 (88 
 
 Gain on deconsolidation of subsidiary 
 
 27,680 
 (27,680 
 
 Loss on investment in tenancy-in-common 
 (295 
 (202 
 (93 
 
 Financing costs 
 (12,276 
 (14,122 
 1,846 
 
 Net income 
 1,047 
 17,320 
 (16,273 

Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling 

interests in subsidiaries 
 (120 
 3,233 
 (3,353 
 
 Net income attributable to common equity 
 927 
 20,553 
 (19,626 

Earnings per share - basic and diluted: 
 0.13 
 2.94 
 (2.81 

Weighted average shares outstanding: 

Basic 
 7,019 
 6,992 

Diluted 
 7,022 
 6,994 

Real estate revenue for Fiscal 2021 decreased
4.6 to 50,291,000 compared to 52,727,000 for Fiscal 2020. The decline in revenue was primarily attributable to the following: (a) a
decline in revenue of approximately 2.7 million resulting from the deconsolidation of the operating results of the Pierre Towers property
from FREIT s operating results due to the conversion to a tenancy-in-common form of ownership TIC as of February
28, 2020; (b) a decrease in reimbursement revenue of approximately 0.4 million primarily attributed to the settle-ups of Common Area
Maintenance with commercial tenants in the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2021; (c) a decline in revenue from the commercial segment
of approximately 0.4 million, (net of lease termination payments received from PetValu in the amount of approximately 0.3 million and
a settlement payment in the amount of approximately 0.2 million received from Cobb Theatre at the Rotunda retail property), primarily
driven by a decline in the average occupancy rate to 76.3 in Fiscal 2021 from 79.7 in Fiscal 2020; (d) an insurance reimbursement received
at the Icon property in Fiscal 2020 in the amount of approximately 0.2 million; offset by (e) an increase in revenue from the residential
segment of approximately 1.2 million primarily driven by an increase in the average occupancy rate to 96.5 in Fiscal 2021 from 94.0 
in Fiscal 2020 and an increase in base rents across most properties. 

Net income attributable to common equity net
income-common equity for Fiscal 2021 was 927,000 0.13 per share basic and diluted), compared to 20,533,000 2.94 per share
basic and diluted) for Fiscal 2020. 

28 

Table of Contents 

The schedule below provides a non-GAAP detailed
analysis of the major changes that impacted net income-common equity for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020: 

NON-GAAP NET INCOME COMPONENTS 

Years Ended October 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 Change 

(In Thousands) 
 
 Income from real estate operations: 

Commercial properties 
 12,094 
 12,755 
 (661 
 
 Residential properties 
 15,903 
 17,050 
 (1,147 
 
 Total income from real estate operations 
 27,997 
 29,805 
 (1,808 

Financing costs: 

Fixed rate mortgages 
 (5,783 
 (7,401 
 1,618 
 
 Floating rate mortgages 
 (5,159 
 (5,303 
 144 
 
 Other - Corporate interest 
 (225 
 (329 
 104 
 
 Mortgage cost amortization 
 (1,109 
 (1,089 
 (20 
 
 Total financing costs 
 (12,276 
 (14,122 
 1,846 

Investment income 
 116 
 204 
 (88 

General administrative expenses: 

Accounting fees 
 (426 
 (558 
 132 
 
 Legal and professional fees 
 (2,477 
 (1,074 
 (1,403 
 
 Directors and consultant fees 
 (950 
 (1,205 
 255 
 
 Stock compensation expense 
 (42 
 (46 
 4 
 
 Corporate expenses 
 (1,300 
 (938 
 (362 
 
 Total general administrative expenses 
 (5,195 
 (3,821 
 (1,374 

Third party transaction costs 
 
 (4,606 
 4,606 
 
 Depreciation 
 (9,300 
 (10,341 
 1,041 
 
 Loss on investment in tenancy-in-common 
 (295 
 (202 
 (93 
 
 Adjusted net income (loss) 
 1,047 
 (3,083 
 4,130 

Tenant improvement write-off due to COVID-19 
 
 (7,277 
 7,277 
 
 Gain on deconsolidation of subsidiary 
 
 27,680 
 (27,680 
 
 Net income 
 1,047 
 17,320 
 (16,273 

Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling 

interests in subsidiaries 
 (120 
 3,233 
 (3,353 
 
 Net income attributable to common equity 
 927 
 20,553 
 (19,626 

Adjusted net income (loss) for Fiscal 2021 was
net income of 1,047,000 0.15 per share basic and diluted) compared to net (loss) of 3,083,000) (( 0.44) per share basic and diluted)
for Fiscal 2020. Adjusted net income (loss) is a non-GAAP measure, which management believes is a useful and meaningful gauge to investors
of our operating performance, since it excludes the impact of unusual and infrequent items specifically: a gain on deconsolidation of
the Pierre Towers property in Fiscal 2020; and a tenant improvement write-off due to COVID-19 in Fiscal 2020. 

The increase in adjusted net income (loss) for
Fiscal 2021 was primarily driven by the following: (a) third party transaction costs incurred in Fiscal 2020 of approximately 4.6 million;
(b) a decrease in net financing costs of approximately 1.2 million (with a consolidated impact to FREIT of approximately 0.9 million),
(excluding the impact of the deconsolidation of the operating results of the Pierre Towers from FREIT s operating results of approximately
 0.6 million in interest expense), primarily driven by a decline in interest rates on variable mortgage loans; (c) a decline in depreciation
expense of approximately 0.6 million (with a consolidated impact to FREIT of approximately 0.3 million), (excluding the impact of the
deconsolidation of the operating results of the Pierre Towers from FREIT s operating results of approximately 0.5 million in depreciation
expense), primarily driven by the tenant improvements written off in Fiscal 2020; (d) a decline in expense for the reserve of uncollectible
rents for commercial tenants of approximately 0.4 million (with a consolidated impact to FREIT of approximately 0.3 million); (e) an
increase in revenue, excluding the impact of the conversion of the Pierre Towers property to a TIC, in the amount of approximately 0.2
million (with a consolidated impact to FREIT of approximately 0.3 million); (f) a decrease in leasing costs in the amount of approximately
 0.2 million (with a consolidated impact to FREIT of approximately 0.1 million) resulting from the write-off of unamortized lease commissions
in Fiscal 2020 due to the Cobb Theatres rejection of its lease; offset by (g) an increase in general administrative expenses
of approximately 1.4 million primarily driven by an increase in legal costs in Fiscal 2021 attributed to the legal proceeding between
FREIT and certain of its affiliates and Sinatra Properties, LLC and reincorporation expenses incurred in Fiscal 2021 to reincorporate
in the state of Maryland; (h) an increase in snow removal costs due to a harsher winter in Fiscal 2021 of approximately 0.5 million (with
a consolidated impact to FREIT of approximately 0.4 million); (i) an increase in repairs and maintenance expense of approximately 0.5
million (with a 

29 

Table of Contents 

consolidated impact to FREIT of approximately 0.3 million), (excluding the impact of the deconsolidation of the operating
results of the Pierre Towers from FREIT s operating results of approximately 0.2 million in repairs and maintenance expense); and
(j) a decrease in adjusted net income with an impact of approximately 0.3 million attributed to the Pierre Towers deconsolidation from
FREIT s operating results in Fiscal 2020 (with a consolidated impact to FREIT of approximately 0.2 million). (Refer to the segment
disclosure below for a more detailed discussion of the financial performance of FREIT s commercial and residential segments.) 

SEGMENT INFORMATION 

The following table sets forth comparative net
operating income ("NOI") data for FREIT s real estate segments and reconciles the NOI to consolidated net income-common
equity for Fiscal 2021, as compared to Fiscal 2020 (See below for definition of NOI): 

Commercial 
 Residential 
 Combined 

Years Ended 

Years Ended 

Years Ended 

October 31, 
 Increase (Decrease) 
 October 31, 
 Increase (Decrease) 
 October 31, 

2021 
 2020 

2021 
 2020 

2021 
 2020 

(In Thousands) 
 
 (In Thousands) 
 
 (In Thousands) 
 
 Rental income 
 17,875 
 18,769 
 (894 
 -4.8 
 26,515 
 27,812 
 (1,297 
 -4.7 
 44,390 
 46,581 
 
 Reimbursements 
 5,311 
 5,690 
 (379 
 -6.7 
 157 
 150 
 7 
 4.7 
 5,468 
 5,840 
 
 Other 
 361 
 27 
 334 
 1237.0 
 302 
 676 
 (374 
 -55.3 
 663 
 703 
 
 Total revenue 
 23,547 
 24,486 
 (939 
 -3.8 
 26,974 
 28,638 
 (1,664 
 -5.8 
 50,521 
 53,124 

Operating expenses 
 11,223 
 11,334 
 (111 
 -1.0 
 11,071 
 11,588 
 (517 
 -4.5 
 22,294 
 22,922 
 
 Net operating income 
 12,324 
 13,152 
 (828 
 -6.3 
 15,903 
 17,050 
 (1,147 
 -6.7 
 28,227 
 30,202 

Average Occupancy 
 76.3 
 79.7 
 
 -3.4 
 96.5 
 94.0 
 
 2.5 

Reconciliation to consolidated net income-common equity: 

Deferred rents - straight lining 
 (230 
 (397 

Investment income 
 116 
 204 

Third party transaction costs 
 
 (4,606 

Gain on deconsolidation of subsidiary 
 
 27,680 

Loss on investment in tenancy-in-common 
 (295 
 (202 

General and administrative expenses 
 (5,195 
 (3,821 

Depreciation 
 (9,300 
 (10,341 

Tenant improvement write-off due to COVID-19 
 
 (7,277 

Financing costs 
 (12,276 
 (14,122 

Net income 
 1,047 
 17,320 

Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries 
 (120 
 3,233 

Net income attributable to common equity 
 927 
 20,553 

Average occupancy
rate excludes the Pierre Towers property from all periods presented as the property was deconsolidated and converted to a
TIC effective February 28, 2020. 

NOI is based on operating revenue and expenses
directly associated with the operations of the real estate properties, but excludes deferred rents (straight lining), depreciation, financing
costs and other items. FREIT assesses and measures segment operating results based on NOI. 

Same Property NOI: FREIT considers same property
net operating income Same Property NOI to be a useful supplemental non-GAAP measure of its operating performance. FREIT
defines same property within both the commercial and residential segments to be those properties that FREIT has owned and operated for
both the current and prior periods presented, excluding those properties that FREIT acquired, sold or redeveloped during those periods.
Any newly acquired property that has been in operation for less than a year, any property that is undergoing a major redevelopment but
may still be in operation at less than full capacity, and/or any property that has been sold or deconsolidated is not considered same
property. 

NOI and Same Property NOI are non-GAAP financial
measures and are not measures of operating results or cash flow as measured by GAAP, and are not necessarily indicative of cash available
to fund cash needs and should not be considered an alternative to cash flows as a measure of liquidity. 

COMMERCIAL SEGMENT 

The commercial segment contains eight (8) separate
properties. Seven of these properties are multi-tenanted retail or office centers, and one is single tenanted on land located in Rockaway,
New Jersey owned by FREIT from which it receives monthly rental income from a tenant who has built and operates a bank branch on the land. 

As indicated in the table above under the caption
Segment Information, total revenue and NOI from FREIT s commercial segment for Fiscal 2021 decreased by 3.8 and 6.3 , respectively,
as compared to Fiscal 2020. The decline in revenue for Fiscal 2021 was primarily attributed to the following: (a) a decrease in reimbursement
revenue of approximately 0.4 million primarily attributed to the settle-ups of Common Area Maintenance with commercial tenants in the
fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2021; and (b) a decline in revenue in the amount of approximately 0.6 million (net of lease termination
payments received from PetValu in the amount of approximately 0.3 million and a settlement payment in the amount of approximately 0.2

30 

Table of Contents 

million received from Cobb Theatre at the Rotunda retail property) primarily attributable to a decline in the average occupancy rate
to 76.3 in Fiscal 2021 from 79.7 in Fiscal 2020. The decline in NOI for Fiscal 2021 was primarily attributable to the following: (a)
a decline in revenue of approximately 0.9 million as described above; (b) an increase in snow removal costs due to a harsher winter
in Fiscal 2021 of approximately 0.3 million; (c) an increase in repairs and maintenance expense of approximately 0.2 million; offset
by (d) a decline in expense for the reserve of uncollectible rents of approximately 0.4 million; and (e) a decrease in leasing costs
in the amount of approximately 0.2 million resulting from the write-off of unamortized lease commissions in Fiscal 2020 due to the Cobb
Theatres rejection of its lease. 

Same Property Operating Results: FREIT s
commercial segment currently contains eight (8) same properties. (See definition of same property under Segment Information above.) Since
all of FREIT s commercial properties are considered same properties in Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, refer to the preceding paragraph
for discussion of changes in same property results. 

Leasing: The following tables reflect leasing
activity at FREIT s commercial properties for comparable leases (leases executed for spaces in which there was a tenant at some
point during the previous twelve-month period) and non-comparable leases for Fiscal 2021. 

RETAIL: 
 Number of 
Leases 
 Lease Area 
 (Sq. Ft.) 
 Weighted 
 Average 
Lease Rate 
(per Sq. Ft.) 
 Weighted 
 Average Prior 
Lease Rate 
(per Sq. Ft.) 
 Increase 
 (Decrease) 
 Tenant 
Improvement 
Allowance 
(per Sq. Ft.) 
(a) 
 Lease 
Commissions 
(per Sq. Ft.) 
(a) 

Comparable leases (b) 
 23 
 148,190 
 13.83 
 16.64 
 -16.9 
 
 0.21 

Non-comparable leases 
 7 
 12,514 
 32.79 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 1.27 
 1.63 

Total leasing activity 
 30 
 160,704 

OFFICE: 
 Number of 
Leases 
 Lease Area 
 (Sq. Ft.) 
 Weighted 
Average 
Lease Rate 
(per Sq. Ft.) 
 Weighted 
Average Prior 
Lease Rate 
(per Sq. Ft.) 
 Increase 
 (Decrease) 
 Tenant 
 Improvement 
 Allowance 
(per Sq. Ft.) 
(a) 
 Lease 
Commissions 
(per Sq. Ft.) (a) 

Comparable leases (b) 
 13 
 30,605 
 33.01 
 32.07 
 2.9 
 
 0.34 

Non-comparable leases 
 2 
 4,053 
 23.72 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 1.34 

Total leasing activity 
 15 
 34,658 

(a) These leasing costs are presented as annualized costs per square foot and are allocated uniformly over
the lease term. 

(b) This includes
new tenant leases and/or modifications/extensions/renewals of existing tenant leases. 

During the first quarter of Fiscal 2021,
Pet Valu, Inc., a pet store tenant, vacated several stores located in shopping centers owned by FREIT affiliates (Wayne PSC, Damascus
Centre and Grande Rotunda) and terminated the related leases early paying an aggregate lease termination fee in the amount of approximately
 260,000 (with a consolidated impact to FREIT of approximately 140,000). 

On May 4, 2021, Burlington amended its
lease at the Westridge Square Shopping Center (owned by WestFREIT) extending the term of the lease for a period of one (1) year and ninety
(90) days commencing on December 1, 2021 and expiring on February 28, 2023 Fourth Extension Period ). The fixed rent during
this Fourth Extension Period was reduced from 59,120 per month to 35,830 per month. Additionally, Burlington has the right to terminate
the lease at any time prior to the last day of the Fourth Extension Period by providing at least twelve (12) months prior written notice
of such termination (the Termination Notice ). In the event that Burlington delivers the Termination Notice, the term of
the lease shall automatically end on the last day of the twelfth (12th) full calendar month immediately following receipt of the Termination
Notice. On January 7, 2022, the property owned by WestFREIT was sold. (See Note 2 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements for
additional details.) 

On April 26, 2020, CB Theatre Experience,
LLC filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the bankruptcy code as disclosed in the bankruptcy filings. The CB Theatre Experience, LLC
(known as Cobb Theatre at the Rotunda retail property in Baltimore, Maryland has been closed since April 2020 due to the
mandated shut down related to the COVID-19 pandemic and on July 14, 2020 rejected its lease at this property as of June 30, 2020. During
the first quarter ended January 31, 2021, FREIT received a settlement payment from Cobb Theatre in the amount of approximately 0.2 million
(with a consolidated impact to FREIT of approximately 0.1 million). 

The properties owned by Grande Rotunda,
WestFREIT and Damascus Centre were sold on December 30, 2021, January 7, 2022 and January 10, 2022, respectively. See Note 2 to FREIT s
consolidated financial statements for additional details. 

RESIDENTIAL SEGMENT 

FREIT currently operates seven (7) multi-family
apartment buildings or complexes totaling 1,171 apartment units. On February 28, 2020, FREIT reorganized its subsidiary S and A Commercial
Associates Limited Partnership S A from a partnership into a TIC. Prior to this reorganization, FREIT owned a 65 
membership interest in S A, which owned 100 of the Pierre 

31 

Table of Contents 

Towers property located in Hackensack, New Jersey through its 100 interest
in Pierre Towers, LLC. Accordingly, FREIT consolidated the financial statements of S A and its subsidiary to include 100 of the subsidiary s
assets, liabilities, operations and cash flows with the interest not owned by FREIT reflected as noncontrolling interests in subsidiary 
and all significant intercompany accounts and transactions were eliminated in consolidation. 

Pursuant to the TIC agreement, FREIT ultimately
acquired a 65 undivided interest in the Pierre Towers property which was formerly owned by S A. Based on the guidance of Accounting
Standards Codification 810, Consolidation , FREIT s investment in the TIC is accounted for under the equity
method of accounting. While FREIT s effective ownership percentage interest in the Pierre Towers property remains unchanged after
the reorganization to a TIC, FREIT no longer has a controlling interest as the TIC is now under joint control. (See Note 3 to FREIT s
consolidated financial statements for further details.) 

As indicated in the table above under the caption
Segment Information, total revenue and NOI from FREIT s residential segment for Fiscal 2021 decreased by 5.8 and 6.7 , respectively,
as compared to Fiscal 2020. The decline in revenue for Fiscal 2021 was primarily attributable to the following: (a) a deconsolidation
of the operating results of the Pierre Towers property from FREIT s operating results due to the conversion to a TIC as of February
28, 2020 resulting in a decline in revenue of approximately 2.7 million; (b) an insurance reimbursement received at the Icon property
in Fiscal 2020 in the amount of approximately 0.2 million; offset by (c) an increase in revenue of approximately 1.2 million driven
by an increase in the average occupancy rate by approximately 2.5 over Fiscal 2020 and an increase in base rent across most properties.
The decline in NOI for Fiscal 2021 was primarily attributable to the following: (a) a deconsolidation of the operating results of the
Pierre Towers property from FREIT s operating results due to the conversion to a TIC as of February 28, 2020 resulting in a decline
in NOI of approximately 1.3 million; (b) an increase in repairs and maintenance expense of approximately 0.3 million; (c) an increase
in operating expenses of approximately 0.3 million primarily driven by an increase in snow removal costs due to a harsher winter in Fiscal
2021 and an increase in janitorial costs; (d) an increase in advertising expense of approximately 0.1 million; and (e) an increase in
expense for the reserve of uncollectible rents of approximately 0.1 million; offset by (f) an increase in revenue of approximately 1
million 	(excluding the impact of the Pierre Towers deconsolidation). 

Same Property Operating Results: FREIT s
residential segment currently contains seven (7) same properties. (See definition of same property under Segment Information above.) The
Pierre Towers property was excluded from same property results for both fiscal years because this property was deconsolidated and converted
to a TIC as of February 28, 2020. Same property revenue and NOI increased by 3.8 and 1.1 , respectively, from Fiscal 2020. The changes
resulted from the factors discussed in the immediately preceding paragraph. 

FREIT s residential revenue is principally
composed of monthly apartment rental income. Total rental income is a factor of occupancy and monthly apartment rents. Monthly average
residential rents at the end of Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 were 1,998 and 1,953, respectively. A 1 decline in annual average occupancy,
or a 1 decline in average rents from current levels, results in an annual revenue decline of approximately 281,000 and 276,000, respectively. 

Capital expenditures: Since all of FREIT s
apartment communities, with the exception of the Boulders, Regency, Icon and Station Place properties, were constructed more than 25 years
ago, FREIT tends to spend more in any given year on maintenance and capital improvements than may be spent on newer properties. As a result
of the COVID-19 global pandemic, only capital improvements deemed essential are being made at this time. Funds for these capital projects
will be available from cash flow from the property's operations and cash reserves. 

FINANCING COSTS 

Years Ended October 31, 

2021 
 2020 

(In Thousands of Dollars) 
 
 Fixed rate mortgages (a): 

1st Mortgages 

Existing 
 5,783 
 7,401 
 
 New 

Variable rate mortgages: 

1st Mortgages 

Existing 
 5,159 
 5,211 
 
 New 
 
 92 
 
 Other 
 225 
 329 
 
 Total financing costs, gross 
 11,167 
 13,033 
 
 Amortization of mortgage costs 
 1,109 
 1,089 
 
 Total financing costs, net 
 12,276 
 14,122 

(a) Includes the effect of interest rate swap contracts which effectively convert the floating interest rate to a fixed interest rate over the term of the loan. 

32 

Table of Contents 

Total net financing costs for Fiscal 2021 decreased
by approximately 1,846,000 or 13.1 , compared to Fiscal 2020 which is attributable to the following: (a) a decline in interest on the
variable mortgage loans for the Rotunda and WestFREIT properties of approximately 1,105,000 resulting from lower interest rates (See
Note 2 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements for further details); and (b) the deconsolidation of the Pierre Towers property
from FREIT s operating results due to the conversion to a TIC as of February 28, 2020 resulting in a decrease in net financing costs
of approximately 645,000. (See Note 3 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements for further details on the deconsolidation of
the Pierre Towers property.) 

INVESTMENT INCOME 

Investment income for Fiscal 2021 was 116,000
as compared to 204,000 for Fiscal 2020. Investment income is principally derived from interest earned from cash on deposit in institutional
money market funds and interest earned from secured loans receivable (loans made to Hekemian Co. employees, including Robert S.
Hekemian, Jr., the Chief Executive Officer, President and a Director of FREIT, David B. Hekemian, a Director of FREIT, Allan Tubin, the
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of FREIT and certain other members of the immediate family of the late Robert S. Hekemian, FREIT s
former Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and consultant of FREIT) for their equity investments (through Rotunda 100, LLC) in Grande Rotunda,
LLC, a limited liability company in which FREIT owns a 60 equity interest. (See Note 8 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements
for additional details.) 

GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES G A 

G A expense for Fiscal 2021 was 5,195,000
as compared to 3,821,000 for Fiscal 2020. The primary components of G A are accounting/auditing fees, legal and professional fees,
directors and consultant fees and corporate expenses. The increase in G A costs for Fiscal 2021 was primarily driven by the
following: (a) an increase in legal costs of approximately 1,403,000 primarily resulting from the legal proceeding between FREIT and
certain of its affiliates and Sinatra Properties, LLC; (b) an increase in corporate expenses of approximately 362,000 primarily attributed
to reincorporation expenses incurred in Fiscal 2021 of approximately 493,000 to reincorporate in the state of Maryland offset by costs
incurred in Fiscal 2020 for the formation and transfer of the Pierre subsidiary to a TIC of approximately 293,000; offset by (c) a decline
in directors and consultant fees of approximately 255,000. 

THIRD PARTY TRANSACTION COSTS 

The Special Committee of the Board Special
Committee incurred on behalf of the Company third party transaction costs for advisory, legal and other expenses primarily related
to the Purchase and Sale Agreement and the Plan of Liquidation (See Notes 14 and 15 for additional details) in the amount of approximately
 0 for Fiscal 2021 as compared to approximately 4,606,000 for Fiscal 2020. On April 30, 2020, the Sellers delivered written notice to
the Purchaser of the Sellers termination of the Purchase and Sale Agreement (See Note 14 for details) and on May 7, 2020, the Board
approved the elimination of the Special Committee. No further transaction costs were incurred thereafter. 

DEPRECIATION 

Depreciation expense from operations for Fiscal 2021 was 9,300,000
as compared to 10,341,000 for Fiscal 2020. The decline in depreciation expense in Fiscal 2021 was primarily attributable to the following:
(a) a decline in the amount of approximately 460,000 resulting from the deconsolidation of the operating results of the Pierre Towers
property from FREIT s operating results as of February 28, 2020 (See Note 3 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements for
further details); and (b) the remainder of the decline is primarily related to tenant improvements written off in Fiscal 2020. 

33 

Table of Contents 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Net cash provided by operating activities was
 7.3 million for Fiscal 2022 compared to net cash provided by operating activities of 12.2 million for Fiscal 2021. FREIT expects that
cash provided by operating activities and cash reserves will be adequate to cover mandatory debt service payments (including payments
of interest, but excluding balloon payments which are expected to be refinanced and/or extended), real estate taxes, dividends, recurring
capital improvements at its properties and other needs to maintain its status as a REIT for at least a period of one year from the date
of filing of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

As of October 31, 2022, FREIT had cash, cash
equivalents and restricted cash totaling 58.5 million, compared to 39 million at October 31, 2021. The increase in cash in Fiscal 2022
was primarily attributable to approximately 249.7 million in net cash provided by investing activities including capital expenditures
and 7.3 million in net cash provided by operating activities offset by approximately 237.6 million in net cash used in financing activities.
The increase in cash of approximately 19.5 million was primarily attributed to the following: (a) a distribution of net proceeds received
from the sale of the Rotunda Property of approximately 54.4 million (inclusive of a loan repayment from Grande Rotunda of approximately
 27.7 million and repayment of secured loans receivable including accrued interest by certain members in Rotunda 100 of approximately
 5.3 million); (b) a distribution of net proceeds received from the sale of the Damascus Property of approximately 11.8 million; (c)
net proceeds received from the sale of the Westridge Square Property of approximately 0.1 million; (d) anticipated funds to be released
of approximately 6.3 million and funds released of approximately 1.9 million from the funds held in post-closing escrow for rents related
to the sale of the Maryland Properties; (e) net proceeds received from the refinancing of the Wayne PSC loan of approximately 3.4 million
(inclusive of an interest reserve escrow balance of approximately 0.9 million as of October 31, 2022); (f) 2 million in proceeds received
from the exercise of stock options in October 2022; offset by (g) a loan pay-down including closing costs of approximately 7.6 million
attributed to the refinancing of the loan on the Boulders property; and (h) dividends paid in Fiscal 2022 of approximately 53.5 million
(inclusive of a 51.5 million dividend distribution of capital gain/proceeds received from sale of Maryland Properties). (See Note 2 to
FREIT s consolidated financial statements for additional details on the sale of the Maryland Properties.) 

In Fiscal 2017, Grande Rotunda incurred substantial
expenditures at the Rotunda Property related to retail tenant improvements, leasing costs and operating expenditures which, in the aggregate,
exceeded revenues as the property was still in the rent up phase and the construction loan held with Wells Fargo at that time was at its
maximum level, with no additional funding available to draw. Accordingly, during Fiscal 2017 the equity owners in Grande Rotunda contributed
their respective pro-rata share of any cash needs through loans to Grande Rotunda. In Fiscal 2021, Grande Rotunda repaid 7 million to
the equity owners in Grande Rotunda based on their respective pro-rata share resulting in a loan repayment to Rotunda 100 of approximately
 2.8 million. As of October 31, 2021, Rotunda 100 had funded Grande Rotunda with approximately 3.3 million (including interest) which
was included in Due to affiliate on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. On December 30, 2021, the Rotunda Property
was sold and Grande Rotunda repaid approximately 31 million to the equity owners in Grande Rotunda resulting in a loan repayment to Rotunda
100 of approximately 3.3 million. As of October 31, 2022, all loans were repaid in full to each of the equity owners in Grande Rotunda. 

Credit Line: FREIT s revolving line of credit
provided by Provident Bank was renewed for a three-year term ending on October 31, 2023. Draws against the credit line can be used for
working capital needs and standby letters of credit. Draws against the credit line are secured by mortgages on FREIT s Franklin
Crossing Shopping Center in Franklin Lakes, New Jersey and retail space in Glen Rock, New Jersey. The total line of credit is 13 million
and the interest rate on the amount outstanding is based on a floating interest rate of prime minus 25 basis points with a floor of 3.75 .
As of October 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no amount outstanding and 13 million was available under the line of credit. (See Note 5 to
FREIT s consolidated financial statements for additional details.) 

Dividend: On August 4, 2022, the FREIT Board of
Directors Board declared a special, extraordinary, non-recurring cash distribution of approximately 51.5 million, or
 7.50 per share, which was paid on August 30, 2022, to stockholders of record on August 16, 2022 (with an ex-dividend date of August 31,
2022). (See Note 2 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements for additional details.) On September 28, 2022, the Board declared
an ordinary dividend of 1.50 per share, which was paid on December 15, 2022 to stockholders of record on December 1, 2022. The Board
declared dividends totaling approximately 65,163,000 9.20 per share) to stockholders of record during Fiscal 2022. The Board will continue
to evaluate the dividend on a quarterly basis and there can be no assurance that dividends will be declared for any future period. In
addition, the amount of the dividend declared on September 28, 2022 is not necessarily indicative of the amount of any dividends that
may be declared in the future. 

34 

Table of Contents 

As of October 31, 2022, FREIT s aggregate
outstanding mortgage debt was 139.2 million, which bears a weighted average interest rate of 4.72 and an average life of approximately
2.46 years. FREIT s mortgages are subject to amortization schedules that are longer than the terms of the mortgages. As such, balloon
payments (unpaid principal amounts at mortgage due date) for all mortgage debt will be required as follows: 

Fiscal Year 
 
 2023 
 2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 2029 
 
 in millions) 

Mortgage "Balloon" Payments 
 
 42.1 (A) 
 16.5 
 38.9 
 0.0 
 0.0 
 10.5 
 26.0 

(A) 
 Includes the following: 

(1) 
 A loan on the Westwood Hills property, which is a residential property located in Westwood, New Jersey, in the amount of approximately 25 million. Pursuant to the loan agreement, this loan was extended for an additional six (6) months from an initial maturity date of October 1, 2022 to a new maturity date of April 1, 2023. This loan was extended on the same terms and conditions as stated in the loan agreement and has one remaining six (6) month extension. (See Note 5 to FREIT's consolidated financial statements for additional details.) 

(2) 
 A loan on the Westwood Plaza shopping center, located in Westwood, New Jersey, in the amount of approximately 17.1 million, which is maturing on February 1, 2023. The Company is in the process of extending this loan with the current lender, Valley National Bank, for one (1) year. Under the terms and conditions of this loan modification, the loan will be payable based on the existing monthly installments of 129,702 including a fixed interest rate based on the Wall Street Journal Prime at the time of the closing on this extension (currently approximately 7.00 ). Additionally, FREIT will be required to prepay the annualized principal and interest payments for one (1) year, which will be held in an account at Valley National Bank and will be used to make monthly payments on the loan. Management expects this loan to be modified/extended, however, until such time as a definitive agreement providing for a modification/extension of this loan is entered into, there can be no assurance this loan will be modified/extended. (See Note 5 to FREIT's consolidated financial statements for additional details.) 

The following table shows the estimated fair
value and carrying value of FREIT s long-term debt, net at October 31, 2022 and 2021: 

in Millions) 
 
 October 31, 2022 
 
 October 31, 2021 

Fair Value 
 
 132.2 
 
 301.6 

Carrying Value, Net 
 138.1 
 
 299.9 

Fair values are estimated based on market interest
rates at the end of each fiscal year and on a discounted cash flow analysis. Changes in assumptions or estimation methods may significantly
affect these fair value estimates. The fair value is based on observable inputs (level 2 in the fair value hierarchy as provided by authoritative
guidance). 

FREIT expects to refinance the individual mortgages
with new mortgages or exercise extension options when their terms expire. To this extent, FREIT has exposure to interest rate risk. If
interest rates, at the time any individual mortgage note is due, are higher than the current fixed interest rate, higher debt service
may be required, and/or refinancing proceeds may be less than the amount of mortgage debt being retired. For example, at October 31, 2022,
a 1 interest rate increase would reduce the fair value of FREIT s debt by 3 million, and a 1 decrease would increase the fair
value by 3.1 million. 

FREIT continually reviews its debt levels to
determine if additional debt can prudently be utilized for property acquisitions for its real estate portfolio that will increase income
and cash flow to stockholders. 

On September 30, 2020, Westwood Hills, LLC Westwood Hills ), a consolidated subsidiary, refinanced its 19.2 million loan (which would have matured on November 1,
2020) with a new loan held by ConnectOne Bank in the amount of 25,000,000, with additional funding available in the amount of 250,000
for legal fees potentially incurred by the lender related to the lis pendens on this property. This loan, secured by an apartment building
in Westwood, New Jersey, is interest-only based on a floating rate at 400 basis points over the one-month LIBOR rate with a floor of
4.15 and had a maturity date of October 1, 2022. This refinancing resulted in: (i) a change in the annual interest rate from a fixed
rate of 4.62 to a variable rate with a floor of 4.15 and (ii) net refinancing proceeds of approximately 5.6 million that were distributed
to the partners in Westwood 

35 

Table of Contents 

Hills with FREIT receiving approximately 2.2 million based on its 40 membership interest in Westwood Hills.
On August 19, 2022, Westwood Hills, LLC exercised its right, pursuant to the loan agreement, to extend the term of its 25 million loan
on its property located in Westwood, New Jersey, for an additional six (6) months from an initial maturity date of October 1, 2022 to
a new maturity date of April 1, 2023. This loan was extended on the same terms and conditions as stated in the loan agreement and has
one remaining six (6) month extension. As of October 31, 2022, 25,000,000 of this loan was drawn and outstanding and the interest rate
was 7.13 . (See Note 5 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements for additional details.) 

On December 30, 2021, FREIT refinanced its 14.4
million loan (which would have matured on February 1, 2022) on its Boulders property located in Rockaway, New Jersey with a new loan held
by ConnectOne Bank in the amount of 7,500,000, with additional funding available to be drawn upon in the amount of 7,500,000 for corporate
needs. This loan is interest-only and has a maturity date of January 1, 2024 with the option of FREIT to extend for one year from the
maturity date, subject to certain provisions of the loan agreement. This refinancing will provide annual debt service savings of approximately
 1,173,000 as a result of the reduction in the principal amount, a reduction in the annual interest rate from a fixed rate of 5.37 to
a fixed rate of 2.85 and interest-only payments being required under this new loan. 

On July 22, 2022, Wayne PSC refinanced its 22.1
million loan (inclusive of deferred interest of approximately 136,000), which would have matured on October 1, 2026, on its Preakness
Shopping center located in Wayne, New Jersey with a new loan held by ConnectOne Bank in the amount of 25,000,000. This loan is interest-only
based on a fixed interest rate of 5 and has a term of three years with a maturity date of August 1, 2025. Additionally, an interest reserve
escrow was established at closing representing twelve months of interest of 1,250,000, which can be used to pay monthly interest on this
loan with a requirement to replenish the escrow account back to 1,250,000 when the balance in the escrow account is reduced to three
months of interest. This refinancing resulted in (i) annual debt service savings of approximately 340,000 due to interest-only payments;
(ii) an increase in the interest rate from a fixed interest rate of 3.625 to a fixed interest rate of 5 ; and (iii) net refinancing proceeds
of approximately 1.1 million which can be used for capital expenditures and general corporate purposes. As part of the refinancing, Wayne
PSC terminated the interest rate swap contract on the underlying loan resulting in a realized gain on the swap breakage of approximately
 1.4 million, which has been recorded as a realized gain on the accompanying consolidated statement of income for the year ended October
31, 2022. (See Notes 5 and 6 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements for additional details.) 

Interest rate swap contracts: To reduce interest
rate volatility, FREIT uses a pay fixed, receive floating interest rate swap to convert floating interest rates to fixed
interest rates over the term of a certain loan. FREIT enters into these swap contracts with a counterparty that is usually a high-quality
commercial bank. In essence, FREIT agrees to pay its counterparties a fixed rate of interest on a dollar amount of notional principal
(which generally corresponds to FREIT s mortgage debt) over a term equal to the term of the mortgage notes. FREIT s counterparties,
in return, agree to pay FREIT a short-term rate of interest - generally LIBOR - on that same notional amount over the same term as the
mortgage notes. 

FREIT had variable interest rate loans secured
by its Damascus Centre and Wayne PSC properties and currently has variable interest rate loans secured by its Regency and Station Place
properties. To reduce interest rate fluctuations, FREIT entered into interest rate swap contracts for each of these loans. These interest
rate swap contracts effectively converted variable interest rate payments to fixed interest rate payments. The contracts were based on
a notional amount of approximately 16,200,000 14,587,000 at October 31, 2022) for the Regency swap and a notional amount of approximately
 12,350,000 11,751,000 at October 31, 2022) for the Station Place swap. On January 10, 2022, the property owned by Damascus Centre was
sold and a portion of the proceeds from the sale was used to pay off the 18.2 million then outstanding balance of the underlying loan
and the corresponding swap breakage fees of approximately 213,000 related to the early termination of the interest rate swap contracts
on this loan which was included as interest expense on the accompanying consolidated statement of income for the year ended October 31,
2022. (See Note 2 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements for further details on the sale of this property.) On June 17, 2022,
Wayne PSC terminated its interest rate swap contract on its underlying loan held with People s United Bank, which had a maturity
date of October 2026, for a settlement amount of approximately 1.4 million. People s United Bank held the proceeds from this settlement
in escrow until the underlying loan was paid off in July 2022 and has been included as a realized gain on interest rate swap termination
on the accompanying consolidated statement of income for the year ended October 31, 2022. (See Note 6 to FREIT s consolidated financial
statements for further details.) 

Interest rate cap contract: To limit exposure
on interest rate volatility, FREIT uses an interest rate cap contract to cap a floating interest rate at a set pre-determined rate. FREIT
enters into cap contracts with a counterparty that is usually a high-quality commercial bank. In essence, so long as the floating interest
rate is below the cap rate, FREIT agrees to pay its counterparties a variable rate of interest on a dollar amount of notional principal
(which generally corresponds to FREIT s mortgage debt). Once the floating interest rate rises above the cap rate, FREIT s
counterparties, in return, agree to pay FREIT a short-term rate of interest above the cap on that same notional amount. 

FREIT had a variable interest rate loan secured
by its Rotunda Property. As part of the refinancing of Grande Rotunda s construction loan with a new loan from Aareal Capital Corporation,
Grande Rotunda had purchased an interest rate cap contract on LIBOR for the full amount that could have been drawn on this loan of 121.9
million, capping the one-month LIBOR rate at 3 for the first two years of this loan which matured on March 5, 2020. On February 28,
2020, Grande Rotunda had purchased an interest rate cap on LIBOR, with an effective date of March 5, 2020, for the full amount that could
have been drawn on this 

36 

Table of Contents 

loan of 121.9 million, capping the one-month LIBOR rate at 3 for one year, maturing on March 5, 2021. Effective
February 6, 2021, Grande Rotunda exercised the first extension option on this loan with a balance of approximately 118.5 million, extending
the loan one year with a new maturity date of February 6, 2022. Additionally, Grande Rotunda purchased an interest rate cap contract
on LIBOR, with an effective date of March 5, 2021, for the loan amount of approximately 118.5 million, capping the one-month LIBOR rate
at 3 for one year expiring on February 6, 2022. On December 30, 2021, the Rotunda Property owned by Grande Rotunda was sold, a portion
of the proceeds from the sale was used to pay off the 116.5 million then outstanding balance of the underlying loan and the corresponding
interest rate cap on this loan matured with no settlement due at maturity. (See Note 2 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements
for further details.) 

In accordance with ASU 2017-12, Targeted
Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities to Accounting Standards Codification Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ("ASC 815") 
which was adopted by FREIT in the first quarter of Fiscal 2020 (see Note 1 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements for further
details), FREIT marks-to-market its interest rate swap and cap contracts. As the floating interest rate varies from time-to-time over
the term of the contract, the value of the contract will change upward or downward. If the floating rate is higher than the fixed rate,
the value of the contract goes up and there is a gain and an asset. If the floating rate is less than the fixed rate, there is a loss
and a liability. The interest rate swaps and cap are accounted for as cash flow hedges with the corresponding gains or losses on these
contracts not affecting FREIT s consolidated statement of income; changes in the fair value of these cash flow hedges will be reported
in other comprehensive income and appear in the equity section of the consolidated balance sheet. This gain or loss represents the economic
consequence of liquidating fixed rate swaps or the cap contract and replacing them with like-duration funding at current market rates,
something we would likely never do. Periodic cash settlements of these contracts will be accounted for as an adjustment to interest expense.. 

FREIT has the following derivative-related risks
with its swap contracts contract ): 1) early termination risk, and 2) counterparty credit risk. 

Early Termination Risk : If FREIT
wants to terminate its contract before maturity, it would be bought out or terminated at market value; i.e., the difference in the present
value of the anticipated net cash flows from each of the contract s parties. If current variable interest rates are significantly
below FREIT s fixed interest rate payments, this could be costly. Conversely, if interest rates rise above FREIT s fixed interest
payments and FREIT elected early termination, FREIT would realize a gain on termination. At October 31, 2022, the contracts for Regency
and Station Place were in FREIT s favor. If FREIT had terminated these contracts at that date, it would have realized a gain of
approximately 611,000 for the Regency swap and 798,000 for the Station Place swap all of which have been included in FREIT s consolidated
balance sheet as at October 31, 2022. The change in the fair value for the contract (gain or loss) during such period has been included
in comprehensive income (loss) and for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, FREIT recorded an unrealized gain of approximately 3,717,000
and 2,616,000, respectively, in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. 

Counterparty Credit Risk : Each
party to a contract bears the risk that its counterparty will default on its obligation to make a periodic payment. FREIT reduces this
risk by entering into a contract only with major financial institutions that are experienced market makers in the derivatives market. 

37 

Table of Contents 

FREIT s
total contractual obligations under its line of credit and mortgage loans in place as of October 31, 2022 are as follows: 

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS-PRINCIPAL 

(in thousands of dollars) 

Within 
 2 - 3 
 4 - 5 
 After 5 

Total 
 One Year 
 Years 
 Years 
 Years 
 
 Long-Term Debt 

Annual Amortization 
 5,190 
 886 
 1,482 
 1,666 
 1,156 
 
 Balloon Payments 
 134,027 
 42,149 (A) 
 55,415 
 
 36,463 
 
 Total Long-Term Debt 
 139,217 
 43,035 
 56,897 
 1,666 
 37,619 

Includes deferred interest in the amount of approximately 222,000. See Note 5 to FREIT's consolidated financials for additional details. 

(A) 
 Includes the following: 

(1) A loan on the Westwood Hills property, which is a residential property located in Westwood, New Jersey, in the amount of approximately 25 million. Pursuant to the loan agreement, this loan was extended for an additional six (6) months from an initial maturity date of October 1, 2022 to a new maturity date of April 1, 2023. This loan was extended on the same terms and conditions as stated in the loan agreement and has one remaining six (6) month extension. (See Note 5 to FREIT's consolidated financial statements for additional details.) 

(2) A loan on the Westwood Plaza shopping center, located in Westwood, New Jersey, in the amount of approximately 17.1 million, which is maturing on February 1, 2023. The Company is in the process of extending this loan with the current lender, Valley National Bank, for one (1) year. Under the terms and conditions of this loan modification, the loan will be payable based on the existing monthly installments of 129,702 including a fixed interest rate based on the Wall Street Journal Prime at the time of the closing on this extension (currently approximately 7.00 ). Additionally, FREIT will be required to prepay the annualized principal and interest payments for one (1) year, which will be held in an account at Valley National Bank and will be used to make monthly payments on the loan. Management expects this loan to be modified/extended, however, until such time as a definitive agreement providing for a modification/extension of this loan is entered into, there can be no assurance this loan will be modified/extended. (See Note 5 to FREIT's consolidated financial statements for additional details.) 

FREIT s annual estimated cash requirements related
to interest on its line of credit and mortgage loans in place as of October 31, 2022 are as follows: 

INTEREST OBLIGATIONS 

(in thousands of dollars) 

Within 
 2 - 3 
 4 - 5 
 After 5 

Total 
 One Year 
 Years 
 Years 
 Years 

Interest on Fixed Rate Debt 
 14,936 
 3,867 
 6,181 
 2,941 
 1,947 
 
 Interest on Variable Rate Debt 
 1,636 
 1,636 (A) 

Total Interest Obligations 
 16,572 
 5,503 
 6,181 
 2,941 
 1,947 

Interest based on rates as of October 31, 2022 

(A) Assumed the exercise of the second loan extension on the Westwood Hills loan, pursuant to the loan agreement, which will extend the loan from April 1, 2023 to October 1, 2023 on the same terms and conditions. (See Note 5 to FREIT's consolidated financial statements for additional details.) 

38 

Table of Contents 

ADJUSTED FUNDS FROM OPERATIONS 

Funds From Operations FFO is
a non-GAAP measure defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT ). FREIT does not include
distributions from equity/debt/capital gain sources in its computation of FFO. Although many consider FFO as the standard measurement
of a REIT s performance, FREIT modified the NAREIT computation of FFO to include other adjustments to GAAP net income that are not
considered by management to be the primary drivers of its decision making process. These adjustments to GAAP net income are straight-line
rents and recurring capital improvements on FREIT s residential apartments. The modified FFO computation is referred to as Adjusted
Funds From Operations AFFO ). FREIT believes that AFFO is a superior measure of its operating performance. FREIT computes
FFO and AFFO as follows: 

Years Ended October 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

(In Thousands, Except Per Share) 
 
 Funds From Operations ("FFO") (a) 

Net income 
 69,244 
 1,047 
 17,320 
 
 Net gain on sale of Maryland properties 
 (68,771 

Net gain on Wayne PSC interest rate swap termination 
 (1,415 

Gain on deconsolidation of subsidiary 

(27,680 
 
 Depreciation of consolidated properties 
 3,995 
 9,300 
 10,341 
 
 Tenant improvement write-off due to COVID-19 

7,277 
 
 Amortization of deferred leasing costs 
 133 
 544 
 730 
 
 Distributions to non-controlling interests 
 (735 )(b) 
 (1,350 
 (583 )(c) 
 
 Adjustment to loss in investment in tenancy-in-common for depreciation 
 1,419 
 1,408 
 933 

FFO 
 3,870 
 10,949 
 8,338 

Per Share - Basic 
 0.55 
 1.56 
 1.19 
 
 Per Share - Diluted 
 0.54 
 1.56 
 1.19 

(a) As prescribed by NAREIT. 
 
 (b) FFO excludes the distribution of proceeds to non-controlling interests in the amount of approximately 19.4 million related to the sale of the Damascus and Rotunda properties. See Note 2 to FREIT's consolidated financial statements for further details. 
 
 (c) FFO excludes the distribution of proceeds to non-controlling interests in the amount of approximately 3.3 million related to the refinancing of the loan for the Westwood Hills property. See Note 5 to FREIT's consolidated financial statements for further details. 

Adjusted Funds From Operations ("AFFO") 

FFO 
 3,870 
 10,949 
 8,338 
 
 Deferred rents (Straight lining) 
 (18 
 230 
 397 
 
 Capital Improvements - Apartments 
 (1,034 
 (625 
 (347 
 
 AFFO 
 2,818 
 10,554 
 8,388 

Per Share - Basic and Diluted 
 0.40 
 1.50 
 1.20 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding: 

Basic 
 7,055 
 7,019 
 6,992 
 
 Diluted 
 7,132 
 7,022 
 6,994 

FFO and AFFO do not represent cash generated
from operating activities in accordance with GAAP, and therefore should not be considered a substitute for net income as a measure of
results of operations or for cash flow from operations as a measure of liquidity. Additionally, the application and calculation of FFO
and AFFO by certain other REITs may vary materially from that of FREIT, and therefore FREIT s FFO and AFFO may not be directly
comparable to those of other REITs. 

39 

Table of Contents 

DISTRIBUTIONS TO STOCKHOLDERS 

Since its inception in 1961, FREIT has elected
to be treated as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. In order to qualify as a REIT, FREIT must satisfy a number of highly technical
and complex operational requirements of the Internal Revenue Code, including a requirement that FREIT must distribute to its stockholders
at least 90 of its REIT taxable income. Although cash used to make distributions reduces amounts available for capital investment, FREIT
generally intends to distribute not less than the minimum of REIT taxable income necessary to satisfy the applicable REIT requirement
as set forth in the Internal Revenue Code. With respect to the Jobs and Growth Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2003, the reduction of
the tax rate on dividends does not apply to FREIT dividends other than capital gains dividends, which are subject to capital gains rates.
FREIT s policy is to pass on at least 90 of its ordinary taxable income to stockholders. FREIT s taxable income is untaxed
at the FREIT level to the extent distributed to stockholders. FREIT s dividends of ordinary taxable income will be taxed as ordinary
income to its stockholders and FREIT s capital gains dividends will be taxed as capital gains to its stockholders. FREIT s
Board evaluates the dividend to be declared/paid (if any) on a quarterly basis. 

The following tables list the quarterly dividends
declared for the three most recent fiscal years and the dividends as a percentage of taxable income for those periods. 

Fiscal Years Ended October 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 First Quarter 
 0.10 
 0.05 

Second Quarter 
 0.10 
 0.05 

Third Quarter 
 
 0.05 

Fourth Quarter 
 9.00 
 0.10 

Total For Year 
 9.20 
 0.25 

(in thousands of dollars) 
 Dividends 
 
 Fiscal 
 Per 
 Total 
 Ordinary 
 Capital Gain 
 Taxable 
 as a of 
 
 Year 
 Share 
 Dividends 
 Income-Tax Basis 
 Income-Tax Basis 
 Income 
 Taxable Income 
 
 2022 
 9.20 
 65,163 
 
 45,307 
 45,307 
 143.8 
 
 2021 
 0.25 
 1,755 
 1,900 
 
 1,900 
 92.4 
 
 2020 

0.0 
 
 Estimated 

INFLATION 

Inflation can impact the financial performance
of FREIT in various ways. FREIT s commercial tenant leases normally provide that the tenants bear all or a portion of most
operating expenses, which can reduce the impact of inflationary increases on FREIT. Apartment leases are generally for a one-year term,
which may allow FREIT to seek increased rents as leases renew or when new tenants are obtained, subject to prevailing market conditions. 

ITEM 7A 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

See
 Liquidity and Capital Resources and Segment Information in Item 7 above. 

ITEM 8 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The consolidated financial statements and supplementary
data of FREIT are submitted as a separate section of this Form 10-K. See " Index to Consolidated Financial Statements "
on page 63 of this Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

40 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9A 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

At the end of the period covered by this report,
we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of FREIT s disclosure controls and procedures. This
evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with participation of FREIT s management, including FREIT s Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, who concluded that FREIT s disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of October 31,
2022. There have been no significant changes in FREIT s internal controls or in other factors which could significantly affect internal
controls subsequent to the date we carried out our evaluation. 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls
and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in FREIT s reports filed or submitted
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and
forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed in FREIT s reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including FREIT s
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting FREIT s management, under
the supervision of FREIT s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Management
evaluated the effectiveness of FREIT s internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control 
Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that evaluation,
management has concluded that FREIT s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of October 31, 2022. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting FREIT s management, with the participation of
FREIT s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated whether any change in FREIT s internal control
over financial reporting occurred during the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2022. Based on that evaluation, management concluded that there
has been no change in FREIT s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2022 that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, FREIT s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

41 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

ITEM 10 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Executive Officers and Directors 

The executive officers and directors of FREIT are as follows: 

Name 
 Age 
 Position(s) 
 
 Robert S. Hekemian, Jr. 
 63 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 
 
 Ronald J. Artinian 
 74 
 Chairman of the Board and Director 
 
 David F. McBride, Esq. 
 75 
 Director 
 
 John A. Aiello, Esq. 
 73 
 Secretary and Director 
 
 Justin F. Meng 
 44 
 Director 
 
 David B. Hekemian 
 56 
 Director 
 
 Richard J. Aslanian 
 62 
 Director 
 
 Allan Tubin 
 84 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

There are no family relationships among the
members of the FREIT Board of Directors (the Board and the executive officers, except that Robert S. Hekemian, Jr., Chief
Executive Officer, President and a director of FREIT, and David B. Hekemian, a director of FREIT, are siblings and the sons of the late
Robert S. Hekemian, FREIT s former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and the former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Hekemian
 Co., Inc., FREIT s managing agent Hekemian Co. ). During the past five years, none of the directors or
executive officers of FREIT have served as directors of any company with a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the
Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act or any company registered as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, except Robert S. Hekemian, Jr., who was a director of Oritani Financial Corp. (ORIT),
the holding company for Oritani Bank, of which he was also a director. 

Each of the executive officers of FREIT serves
in his office(s) until such time as his successor is elected and qualified. 

Biographical Information 

Robert S. Hekemian, Jr. has served
as a director since 2007, and he was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of FREIT in April 2018 following the retirement of the late
Robert S. Hekemian as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of FREIT. Mr. Hekemian was additionally appointed to the office of President
of FREIT in February 2019. Mr. Hekemian s current term as a member of the Board is scheduled to expire at the 2023 annual meeting
of FREIT s stockholders and his term as President and Chief Executive Officer will expire at such time as his successor qualifies
and is appointed. Mr. Hekemian has been involved in real estate activities for over 40 years, including property management, leasing,
mortgage financing, construction and acquisitions of multifamily residential and commercial properties located throughout the Northeast
and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States. He has served as Chief Executive Officer of Hekemian Co. since 2021. From 2004 to
2020, Mr. Hekemian served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Hekemian Co. From 1983 to 2003, Mr. Hekemian served as Executive
Vice President of Hekemian Co. Mr. Hekemian is principally responsible for identifying real estate acquisitions and evaluating
the performance of the real estate properties managed by Hekemian Co. with a view toward strategic decision making. Mr. Hekemian
formerly served on the Board of Oritani Bank and was Chair of the Loan Committee. Mr. Hekemian is a member of the Board of Governors,
Hackensack University Medical Center and a former director of the Hackensack University Medical Center Foundation. He formerly served
on the Board of the New York Philharmonic and was the former Chairman of the Bergen County Community College Foundation. Mr. Hekemian
was appointed Condemnation Commissioner by the State of New Jersey and has served on various corporate and charitable committees. He
is a Board Member of the Meridian School of Medicine and Chairs the Student Affairs Committee. Mr. Hekemian earned a Bachelor of Science
in Business Administration from American University and graduated as a MIT Sloan Fellow from the MIT Sloan School with a Master of Science
in Management. 

Ronald J. Artinian has served as
a director since 1992, and he was appointed as Chairman of FREIT in April 2018 following the retirement of the late Robert S. Hekemian
as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of FREIT. Mr. Artinian s current term as a member of the Board is scheduled to expire at
the 2025 annual meeting of FREIT s stockholders and his term as Chairman will expire at such time as his successor is appointed
and qualifies. Mr. Artinian worked in the financial services industry for 26 years, including with Smith Barney, Inc. from 1989 to 1998,
where Mr. Artinian held positions as an Executive Vice President, 

42 

Table of Contents 

Managing Director and National Sales Manager. Mr. Artinian retired from
Smith Barney in January 1998 in order to pursue other business interests as a private investor. Mr. Artinian joined the board of The Reserve,
a money market fund, in 2007 and served as lead independent director from March 2009 through December 2016. Mr. Artinian earned a Bachelor
of Arts in English from the University of Pennsylvania and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Pennsylvania, Wharton
School. 

David F. McBride, Esq. has served
as a director since 2007. His current term as a member of the Board is scheduled to expire at the 2023 annual meeting of FREIT s
stockholders. Mr. McBride has over 45 years of diversified real estate experience. He is the Chief Executive Officer of McBride Enterprises,
Inc., a family-owned real estate company started in 1898. Mr. McBride was responsible for the development of numerous office and industrial
properties, as well as residential projects in northern New Jersey. He also oversaw the operations of his family s general construction
company, the Alpert P. Schmidt Construction Company, civil engineering firm, Urban Planning and Engineering Company, and commercial brokerage
firm, McBride Corporate Real Estate. Mr. McBride was also instrumental in forming the Keystone Property Trust (NYSE) in 1998 and served
as Chairman of its board until its sale to ProLogis (NYSE) in 2004. Mr. McBride has also been a Partner in and is presently Of Counsel
to the law firm of Harwood Lloyd, LLC, specializing in real estate matters. Since 1998, Mr. McBride has also served as the Chairman and
President of the Mountain Club Inc., t/a The High Mountain Golf Club. Mr. McBride also served on the Advisory Board of the McDonough School
of Business at Georgetown University from 2008 to 2018. Mr. McBride earned a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Georgetown University
and a Juris Doctor from the Georgetown University Law School. 

John A. Aiello, Esq. has served
as the Secretary of FREIT since 2003 and as a director of the Board since December 2015. His current term as a member of the Board is
scheduled to expire at the 2024 annual meeting of FREIT s stockholders. Mr. Aiello is an officer and shareholder of the law firm
of Giordano, Halleran Ciesla, P.C., where he has practiced law for 48 years. He is Chairman of the law firm s Corporate and
Securities practice group and concentrates his practice on corporate and securities law matters, including mergers and acquisitions and
various corporate finance transactions. See the section entitled Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions; Director
Independence . Mr. Aiello is an emeritus member and former Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Business Law Section of the
New Jersey State Bar Association and a former member of the Board of Directors of the New Jersey chapter of the Association for Corporate
Growth, a non-profit organization of professionals and business leaders in the middle market mergers and acquisitions space. Mr. Aiello
is also a member of the Advisory Board of the Leon Hess School of Business of Monmouth University. Mr. Aiello graduated cum laude with
a Bachelor of Science in Finance from the University of Pennsylvania, Wharton School and earned a Juris Doctor degree from the Georgetown
University Law School. 

Justin F. Meng has served as a
director since February 2016. His current term as a member of the Board is scheduled to expire at the 2025 annual meeting of
FREIT s stockholders. Mr. Meng is a Managing Partner and Co-Portfolio Manager at V3 Capital Management L.P., an investment firm
focused on publicly-traded real estate securities that he co-founded in 2011. Previously, he was Partner and Head of REIT Research
for High Rise Capital Management, L.P., where he worked from 2005 to 2011. From 2002 to 2005, Mr. Meng served as an Associate at
J.P. Morgan Asset Management in the Real Estate Investment Group, where he worked both in the acquisitions and asset management departments. 
From 2000 to 2002, he served as an Analyst at J.P. Morgan Asset Management in their Fixed Income Group. Mr. Meng earned a Bachelor of
Science in Mechanical Engineering from Brown University and a Master of Science in Real Estate Development from New York University. Mr.
Meng is a CFA charterholder. 

David B. Hekemian has served as
a director since April 2018. His current term as a member of the Board is scheduled to expire at the 2024 annual meeting of FREIT s
stockholders. Mr. Hekemian has served as a commercial real estate executive at Hekemian Co. for over 30 years, holding positions
of increasing responsibilities throughout his tenure at the company focused on strategic business and investment planning, retail development
and leasing, asset profitability management and lender negotiations. He has served as President of Hekemian Co. since 2021. From
1996 to 2020, Mr. Hekemian served as Principal/Broker-Salesperson, Director of Commercial Brokerage and as a member of Hekemian 
Co. s Executive Committee. From 1988 to 1992 he served as Property Manager, and from 1992 to 1996 he served as Vice President-Salesperson
of Hekemian Co. Mr. Hekemian is a member of the Armenian Missionary Association of America, where he served as Assistant Treasurer
and a member of the Budget and Finance Committee from 1998 to 2007 and as Co-Chairman of the Investment Committee from 1996 to 2009,
which included oversight and management of a 100 million equity and fixed income portfolio. Mr. Hekemian is also a member of the Council
for the Borough of Saddle River, NJ. Mr. Hekemian earned a Bachelor of Science in Finance from Boston College. 

Richard J. Aslanian has served
as a director since April 2018. His current term as a member of the Board is scheduled to expire at the 2024 annual meeting of FREIT s
stockholders. Mr. Aslanian is the Co-Founder of Welcome Home Brands, LLC, a distributor of imported paper and plastic bakeware products
that services cruise lines, hotels, casinos and food service companies. He co-founded Welcome Home Brands, LLC in 2010. From 2007 to 2009
Mr. Aslanian was the Chief Executive Officer, sole Managing Member and founder of Blue Ram Capital Management, LLC, which managed an investment
partnership of public equities in developed markets. In 2006, Mr. Aslanian retired from Goldman Sachs Co. as a Managing Director
after 

43 

Table of Contents 

having been with the firm since 1991, during which time he was co-head of one of the most prominent wealth management teams of the
firm. From 1985 to 1991 Mr. Aslanian was an attorney at the law firm of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton Garrison LLP where he concentrated
his practice on corporate and tax matters and public and private mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Aslanian established the Richard J. Aslanian
Scholarship Fund, an endowed scholarship, at the University of Pennsylvania, and has served on the boards of several charitable organizations,
including the Partnership for Inner-City Education, the Harrison Educational Foundation and the Armenian Church Endowment Fund. Mr. Aslanian
graduated summa cum laude with a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania and graduated from the Columbia University
School of Law with honors as a Harlan Fiske Stone Scholar in each of the three years of law school. 

Allan Tubin was appointed as Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer of FREIT in February 2019. Mr. Tubin is the Chief Financial Officer of Hekemian Co. As Chief Financial
Officer of Hekemian Co., Mr. Tubin is responsible for corporate and project finance, budgeting and tax planning, accounting, and
SEC compliance for FREIT. He is a member of Hekemian Co. s Acquisitions and Development Due Diligence Team, where he is responsible
for financial forecasting and modeling. Mr. Tubin has over 25 years experience in real estate finance. Prior to joining Hekemian
 Co. in 1996, he served as the Chief Financial Officer for the international real estate activities of the investment bank Donaldson,
Lufkin Jenrette, and served as a certified public accountant with Ernst Young. Mr. Tubin earned a Bachelor of Business Administration
from Pace University. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires
FREIT s executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10 of the Shares, to file reports of ownership and changes
in ownership on Forms 3, 4 and 5 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Executive officers, directors and
stockholders holding more than 10 of the Shares are required by SEC regulation to furnish FREIT with copies of all Forms 3, 4 and 5 they
file. Based solely on FREIT s review of the copies of such forms it has received, FREIT believes that all of its directors, executive
officers and stockholders holding more than 10 complied with all filing requirements applicable to them with respect to reports required
to be filed by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act during fiscal 2022. 

Code of Ethics 

FREIT has adopted a Code of Ethics that is
applicable to all directors, executive officers and management employees of FREIT, including, without limitation, FREIT s principal
executive and senior financial officers. The Audit Committee is charged with administering and interpreting the Code of Ethics. The Code
of Ethics is available on FREIT s website at www.freitnj.com under the About Us tab. 

Audit Committee 

The current members of the Audit Committee
of the Board are Ronald J. Artinian, David F. McBride and Richard J. Aslanian. Ronald J. Artinian serves as the Chairman of the Audit
Committee. Each member of the Audit Committee satisfies the audit committee qualifications under the NASDAQ Listing Rules and is independent,
as independence for audit committee members is defined in the NASDAQ Listing Rules, and they each meet the independence requirements of
Exchange Act Rule 10A-3(b)(1). 

The Audit Committee held four meetings during
fiscal 2022. The Audit Committee selects the independent registered public accounting firm (the Independent Auditors to
audit the books and accounts of FREIT. In addition, the Audit Committee reviews and pre-approves the scope and costs of all services (including
non-audit services) provided by the Independent Auditors. The Audit Committee also monitors the effectiveness of the audit effort and
financial reporting and inquiries into the adequacy of FREIT s financial and operating controls. 

Based on its review of the criteria of an
Audit Committee Financial Expert under the rules of the SEC, the Board does not believe that any of the members of FREIT s Audit
Committee qualify as an Audit Committee Financial Expert. 

Each of Ronald J. Artinian, David F. McBride
and Richard J. Aslanian has made significant contributions and provided valuable service to FREIT and its stockholders as members of the
Audit Committee. The Board believes that each of Mr. Artinian, Mr. McBride and Mr. Aslanian has demonstrated that he is capable of (i)
understanding accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), (ii) assessing the general
application of GAAP principles in connection with the accounting for estimates, accruals and reserves, (iii) understanding financial statements
and analyzing and evaluating FREIT s financial statements, (iv) understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting,
and (v) understanding audit committee functions, all of which are attributes of an Audit Committee Financial Expert under the rules of
the SEC. Given the business experience and acumen of Mr. Artinian, Mr. McBride and Mr. Aslanian, the Board believes that each of them
is qualified to carry out all duties and responsibilities of FREIT s Audit Committee. However, Mr. Artinian, Mr. McBride and Mr.

44 

Table of Contents 

Aslanian have not acquired these attributes through the specific experience that is required for qualification as an Audit Committee Financial
Expert under the rules of the SEC, such as experience serving as, or experience actively supervising, a principal financial officer, principal
accounting officer, controller, public accountant or auditor, or experience overseeing or assessing the performance of companies or public
accountants with respect to the preparation, auditing or evaluation of financial statements. Therefore, the Board does not believe that
any of its current members meets all of the requirements under the SEC rules for qualification as an Audit Committee Financial Expert. 

The Board believes that Allan Tubin, FREIT s
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, meets all of the requirements under the rules of the SEC for qualification as an Audit Committee
Financial Expert. However, Mr. Tubin is not a director of FREIT and would not meet the requirements for qualification as an independent
director under the NASDAQ Listing Rules due to the fact that Mr. Tubin is an executive officer of FREIT and an executive officer
of Hekemian Co. As Chief Financial Officer of FREIT, Mr. Tubin will make the certifications required under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 and the related rules adopted by the SEC with respect to (i) FREIT s financial statements and other financial information
included in periodic reports filed with the SEC, (ii) FREIT s disclosure controls and procedures regarding the disclosure to the
certifying officers of material information relating to FREIT, and (iii) FREIT s internal controls and the adequacy of the design
and operation of such internal controls. As a certifying officer of FREIT, Mr. Tubin will meet with and make reports to the Audit Committee
with respect to the items which are the subject matter of his certifications. 

Based on the foregoing, the Board believes
that the Audit Committee functions effectively and properly performs and discharges its duties, and the Board does not believe that it
is necessary at this time to actively search for an outside person to serve on the Board who would qualify as an Audit Committee Financial
Expert. 

ITEM 11 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

FREIT is externally managed by Hekemian 
Co. Robert S. Hekemian, Jr., Chief Executive Officer, President and a director of FREIT, and David B. Hekemian, a director of FREIT, each
holds a 33.3 equity interest in Hekemian Co. The balance of the equity interests in Hekemian Co. is held by other members
of the Hekemian family. As compensation for its management services, FREIT pays Hekemian Co. management and other fees pursuant
to a Management Agreement between FREIT and Hekemian Co. In addition, as an incentive to the employees of Hekemian Co. (including
members of the Hekemian family) to identify and provide real estate investment opportunities for FREIT, FREIT has advanced to such employees
who are investors in certain joint venture projects, a portion of the equity capital required to be contributed by them to such joint
ventures. In Fiscal 2022, these secured loan amounts (including accrued interest) were repaid to FREIT with no outstanding balance remaining
of principal or interest. The Management Agreement and these other incentives are more particularly described in Certain Relationships
and Related Party Transactions; Director Independence below. 

In view of FREIT s external management
structure, FREIT does not employ executive officers on a full-time basis. The following Compensation Discussion and Analysis presents
information regarding FREIT s compensation policies and programs and the compensation of FREIT s executive officers. 

Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

Overview 

FREIT s compensation program is designed
to properly compensate the executive officers commensurate with the duties and services that they are employed to perform for FREIT,
to reward their dedication, hard work and success and align their interests with the long-term interests of FREIT. The Compensation Committee
reviews the compensation paid to the executive officers in consideration of these objectives and makes recommendations to the Board regarding
its determinations. The various factors considered by the Compensation Committee in reaching its determinations concerning the compensation
of the executive officers are discussed under Fiscal 2022 Compensation below. 

Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation 

The Board has adopted a policy that provides
that, in the event that FREIT is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to FREIT s material non-compliance with any financial
reporting requirement, FREIT will require the reimbursement, cancellation or forfeiture, as the case may be and to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, of any incentive-based compensation paid to any current or former executive officer during the three-year
period preceding such restatement that was based on the erroneous data and that was paid in excess of the compensation that would have
been paid to the executive officer based on the accounting restatement. FREIT will disclose any incentive-based compensation paid to any
executive officer that is based on any measure of financial performance or any other financial information in FREIT s proxy statement
for the annual meeting of stockholders and as required by the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

45 

Table of Contents 

As discussed under Elements of Executive
Compensation below, FREIT did not pay any incentive-based compensation to any of the executive officers during the fiscal year
ended October 31, 2022. 

Hedging Policy 

It is the policy of FREIT that no employee
or director of FREIT may purchase any financial instruments that are designed to hedge or offset any decrease in the market value of FREIT s
Shares that (i) were previously awarded, or acquired pursuant to the exercise of any option granted, to an employee or director by FREIT
as part of the compensation of such employee or director or (ii) otherwise held, directly or indirectly, by an employee or director, which
financial instruments will include, without limitation, puts, calls, straddles, equity swaps and any other derivative security that is
directly linked to the Shares. 

Elements of Executive Compensation 

There are three elements to the compensation
of the executive officers of FREIT: (1) base salary; (2) the Equity Incentive Plan; and (3) the Amended and Restated Deferred Fee Plan
(the Deferred Fee Plan ). The Compensation Committee and the Board believe that these elements allow FREIT to accomplish
its objectives of properly compensating the executive officers for their services to FREIT, rewarding the dedication, hard work and success
of executive officers and aligning the interests of executive officers with the long-term interests of FREIT. 

Except for base salary, benefits under the
Equity Incentive Plan and Deferred Fee Plan, and fees paid to the executive officers for their service as directors, FREIT does not pay
any other compensation or benefits to its executive officers, whether it be in the form of bonus, long-term incentive compensation, perquisites,
rights, warrants, convertible securities, performance units, performance shares or other similar instruments. The Equity Incentive Plan
and the Deferred Fee Plan are the only employee benefit plans maintained by FREIT. There are no employment contracts between FREIT and
any of the executive officers, nor is there any compensatory plan or arrangement between FREIT and any of the executive officers pursuant
to which an executive officer would receive payments as the result of his resignation or retirement as an executive officer, or any other
event resulting in the termination of his relationship with FREIT as an executive officer, or as a result of a change in control of FREIT.
FREIT s Deferred Fee Plan, discussed below, provides that a participant may receive Shares with respect to amounts credited to such
participant s account under the Deferred Fee Plan, including amounts deferred thereunder and accrued interest, upon such participant s
attainment of the retirement age specified in the participant s deferral election, such participant s actual retirement, upon
such participant s cessation of services prior to retirement, or upon the occurrence of a change in control of FREIT as defined
under the Deferred Fee Plan. FREIT s Equity Incentive Plan provides that in the event of (i) a change in control as
such term is defined in the Equity Incentive Plan, or (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Trust, other than a
sale of assets to a subsidiary or other affiliated entity of the Trust, all outstanding options granted under the Equity Incentive Plan
shall become exercisable (to the extent not already exercisable) immediately before or contemporaneously with the occurrence of such change
in control or sale, and each outstanding restricted share award granted under the Equity Incentive Plan shall immediately become free
of all restrictions, conditions and forfeiture provisions. 

As of October 31, 2022, there were 54,000 unexercised
options collectively held by the Executive Officers and Directors of the Trust that were outstanding. Additional information with respect
to outstanding stock options is set forth in the Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End table below. 

Robert S. Hekemian, Jr., Chief Executive Officer,
President and a director of FREIT, is the Chief Executive Officer of Hekemian Co. David B. Hekemian, a director of FREIT, is the
President of Hekemian Co. Robert S. Hekemian, the former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of FREIT, served as a consultant
to FREIT and Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Hekemian Co. prior to his death in December 2019. Pursuant to
the terms of the Management Agreement between Hekemian Co. and FREIT, Hekemian Co. is entitled to receive a termination fee
from FREIT under certain circumstances, including the non-renewal of the Management Agreement by FREIT, termination of the Management
Agreement by FREIT without cause, or termination of the Management Agreement by FREIT following an acquisition of FREIT. See Certain
Relationships and Related Party Transactions; Director Independence below. 

Equity Incentive Plan 

FREIT originally adopted the Equity Incentive
Plan in 1999 upon the approval of the Board and the stockholders. In 2007, the Board and stockholders approved amendments to the Equity
Incentive Plan to (a) increase the number of Shares reserved for issuance thereunder by 300,000 Shares and (b) extend the term of the
Equity Incentive Plan from September 10, 2008 to September 10, 2018. In 2018, the Board and stockholders approved further amendments to
the Equity Incentive Plan to (a) increase the number of Shares reserved for issuance thereunder by an additional 300,000 Shares and (b)
further extend the term of the Equity Incentive Plan from September 10, 2018 to September 10, 2028. 

46 

Table of Contents 

The purpose of the Equity Incentive Plan is
to allow FREIT to retain the services of individuals who have made, and/or who are expected to make, significant contributions to the
business of FREIT and its subsidiaries, to align such persons interests with the long-term interests of FREIT, and to reward hard
work, dedication and success by providing such individuals with an opportunity to acquire Shares of FREIT or receive other Share-based
awards. Eligible participants include executive officers, directors and consultants of FREIT, including employees of Hekemian Co. 

The Board administers the Equity Incentive
Plan, with the full and exclusive power to interpret the plan, to adopt rules, regulations and guidelines relating to the plan, to grant
waivers of restrictions under the plan and to make all of the determinations necessary for the administration of the plan. The Board s
authority to administer the Equity Incentive Plan includes the authority, within the limits set forth in the plan, to determine the persons
to whom awards may be granted, determine the number of Shares to be covered by each award, establish the terms, conditions and provisions
of the awards to be granted, and establish restrictions on the awards or subsequently waive any such restriction or permit any such restriction
to lapse. 

The exercise price of options granted under
the Equity Incentive Plan will be equal to the Fair Market Value (as defined in the Equity Incentive Plan) of the Shares on the date of
the grant of the options. For any other form of award, the consideration, if any, to be paid in exchange for the award will be determined
by the Board, but in no event will such consideration be greater than the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date of grant. The Equity
Incentive Plan provides for adjustments to the exercise price of options in certain circumstances. The term of awards will be determined
by the Board, but shall not exceed 10 years from the date of grant. Awards will vest in accordance with terms fixed by the Board, and
vesting of awards may accelerate upon the occurrence of certain events, including a change in control (as defined in the
Equity Incentive Plan), sale of all or substantially all of the Trust s assets, or the death, Retirement (as defined in the Equity
Incentive Plan) or disability of the participant. 

The Board may terminate, modify or amend the
Equity Incentive Plan at any time, provided that any modification or amendment that increases the number of Shares reserved for issuance
thereunder is subject to the approval of FREIT s stockholders, and any termination, modification or amendment that adversely affects
the terms of any outstanding awards is subject to the consent of the holders thereof. On August 4, 2022, in connection with the Board s
approval of the special, extraordinary, non-recurring cash distribution Extraordinary Distribution ), the Compensation Committee
of the Board recommended and the Board approved that (i) the option exercise price of options outstanding under the Equity Incentive Plan
be adjusted, by reason of the Extraordinary Distribution, in accordance with the terms of the Equity Incentive Plan; and (ii) the exercise
price of options outstanding under the Equity Incentive Plan should be reduced by an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (x) the average
of the closing price of FREIT s shares, as reported by Yahoo Finance, for each business day during the period of five (5) business
days prior to the ex-dividend date relating to the Extraordinary Distribution (August 31, 2022), over (y) the average of the closing price
of FREIT s shares, as reported by Yahoo Finance, for each business day during the period of five (5) business days following the
ex-dividend date relating to the Extraordinary Distribution. On September 9, 2022, the Board approved a reduction of 7.50 per share in
exercise price for the 310,740 options then outstanding under the Plan. 

The Board has charged the Compensation Committee
with the responsibility of making recommendations to the Board with respect to grants of awards under the Equity Incentive Plan to eligible
participants. While the Equity Incentive Plan provides that options to acquire Shares will be the principal form of award under the plan,
the plan also provides for grants of restricted Share awards and other Share-based awards. 

The Compensation Committee did not recommend,
and the Board did not make, any grants of stock options or other equity-based awards under the Equity Incentive Plan during the fiscal
year ended October 31, 2022. 

Amended and Restated Deferred Fee Plan 

Effective November 1, 2000, the Board adopted
the Deferred Fee Plan, which is intended to provide a benefit to executive officers and directors who have made, and/or who are expected
to continue to make, significant contributions to the long-term success of FREIT. An election to defer compensation is required to be
made prior to the calendar year for which it will be effective, and is irrevocable with respect to the calendar year to which it applies. The
Deferred Fee Plan was amended and restated effective December 31, 2008, and further amended and restated effective November 1, 2014. 

The original purpose of the Deferred Fee Plan
was to provide executive officers and directors with a long-term savings opportunity. Prior to the amendments to the Deferred Fee Plan
that went into effect as of November 1, 2014, the Deferred Fee Plan permitted any executive officer or director to elect to defer receipt
of any compensation, including executive officer salary, director annual retainer fees, meeting attendance fees, and property site inspection
fees, and the rate of interest payable on any amounts deferred was fixed at 9 per annum, compounded quarterly. 

The amendments to the Deferred Fee Plan that
went into effect as of November 1, 2014 shifted the purpose of the Deferred Fee Plan from a long-term savings vehicle for eligible participants
to an opportunity for eligible participants to increase their equity 

47 

Table of Contents 

position in FREIT. As amended and restated effective November 1,
2014, the Deferred Fee Plan no longer permited directors who are also executive officers of FREIT to defer amounts payable to them as
salary for their services as executive officers. Participants in the Deferred Fee Plan were only permitted to defer amounts payable to
them for their service as directors. In addition, from and after November 1, 2014, amounts deferred, together with the interest accrued
on a participant s entire balance, are converted on the last day of each calendar quarter into share units that are equivalent to
Shares Share Units ), and credited to the participant s account. Amounts deferred under the Deferred Fee Plan are
converted into Share Units on a quarterly basis, on the last day of each calendar quarter. The number of Share Units to be credited with
respect to amounts deferred during a calendar quarter will be determined by the closing price of the Shares on the trading day immediately
preceding the last day of such calendar quarter. The participants existing balances as of October 31, 2014 have been preserved
in the form of cash and have not been converted into Share Units, although the interest that accrues on such existing balances from and
after November 1, 2014 was converted into Share Units. As of November 1, 2014, the interest rate on participants cash balances
under the Deferred Fee Plan was changed from 9 per annum to the average interest rate on ten-year Treasury bonds plus 150 basis points.
In the event that any cash dividend is paid by FREIT with respect to the Shares, each participant is credited with a number of Share Units
equal to (x) the amount of the cash dividend paid with respect to one Share, (y) multiplied by the total number of Share Units credited
to a participant s account as of the record date for the dividend, (z) divided by the fair market value of one Share on the trading
day immediately preceding the payment date of the dividend. In the event that any dividend is paid with respect to the Shares in Shares,
each participant is credited with a number of Share Units equal to the number of full Shares that such participant would have received
had the participant been the owner, on the record date for the dividend, of a number of Shares equal to the number of Share Units credited
to the participant s account. 

A participant s deferred benefits under
the Deferred Fee Plan shall be paid to the participant at either: (i) the retirement age specified by the participant in the deferral
election; (ii) actual retirement of the participant; (iii) upon the earlier cessation of duties as a director of FREIT prior to retirement;
or (iv) upon a change in control of FREIT as defined in the Deferred Fee Plan. On the payment date, FREIT shall issue to the
participant a number of Shares equal to the number of Share Units credited to the participant s account, and shall pay to the participant
amounts maintained in the participant s account as of October 31, 2014 as cash, in either a lump sum or in a number of substantially
equal annual installments over a period not to exceed 10 years, at the election of the participant, except if a participant elects to
receive payment upon the occurrence of a change in control, in which case all such amounts shall be payable in a lump sum. FREIT
has not created and will not create a cash sinking fund for amounts deferred pursuant to the Deferred Fee Plan that are not payable in
Shares. As a result, any participant who elects to participate in the Deferred Fee Plan is an unsecured creditor of FREIT with
respect to any amounts deferred thereunder. The Deferred Fee Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated by resolution of
the Board at any time and from time to time, provided, that no amendment, suspension or termination shall operate to adversely affect
the plan benefits accrued or available for any participant. 

On November 4, 2021 (the Adoption Date ),
the Board approved the termination of the Deferred Fee Plan resulting in the termination of the deferral of fees on December 31, 2021
with any subsequent fees earned by a participant being paid in cash. Consistent with the termination of the Deferred Fee Plan, payment
related to each participant s cash account (in the form of a cash lump sum payment) and share unit account (in the form of the issuance
of common stock) (collectively the Deferred Fee Plan Termination Payment ), must be made to each participant no earlier than
twelve (12) months and one day after, and no later than twenty-four (24) months, after the Adoption Date. Any interest earned on the participant s
cash account along with dividends (if any) earned on share units, will continue to accrue in share units on each participant s account
until final payment is made. On November 3, 2022, the Board determined that the Deferred Fee Plan Termination Payment shall be made to
the participants in the Deferred Fee Plan on January 20, 2023. The Deferred Fee Plan Termination Payment includes the amount deferred
and earned under the Deferred Fee Plan during fiscal 2022 as described in the two following paragraphs. 

As of October 31, 2022, an aggregate amount
of approximately 2,317,000 has been deferred and earned as cash under the Deferred Fee Plan, which represents an aggregate of 1,366,000
of deferred fees and 951,000 of accrued deferred interest, which amounts shall be maintained as cash in the participants accounts
under the Deferred Fee Plan and shall not be converted into Share Units as described above. As of October 31, 2022, an aggregate amount
of 272,882 vested FREIT Share Units have vested based upon the conversion of deferred fees, interest and dividends earned since November
1, 2014. 

During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022,
participants deferred a total of approximately 1,861,000 under the Deferred Fee Plan, consisting of approximately 25,000 of deferred
director fees, 95,000 of accrued deferred interest and 1,741,000 representing dividends payable in respect of Share Units. Pursuant
to the amendments to the Deferred Fee Plan that became effective on November 1, 2014, the aggregate amount of 1,861,000 deferred by
all participants during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 converted into an aggregate amount of 100,655 Share Units, which were
credited to the participants accounts. Additional information regarding the participants deferral of fees and the conversion
of deferred amounts into Share Units credited to their accounts is set forth under Fiscal 2022 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 
and Fiscal 2022 Director Compensation below. 

48 

Table of Contents 

Fiscal 2022 Compensation 

With respect to compensation for the fiscal
years ended October 31, 2021 and 2020, the Compensation Committee recommended to the Board that the base salary paid to Robert S. Hekemian,
Jr. for his service as Chief Executive Officer of FREIT be maintained at 400,000 per year, and that there be no adjustments to the compensation
paid to Allan Tubin as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of FREIT, Ronald J. Artinian as the Chairman of the Board of FREIT or John
A. Aiello as Secretary of FREIT. In an effort to further preserve FREIT s cash flow, in May 2020, the Board reduced all fees, salaries
and retainers payable to our executive officers and members of the Board by up to 30 from May 1, 2020 through the end of fiscal
2020. 

With respect to compensation for the fiscal
year ended October 31, 2022, the Compensation Committee recommended to the Board that the base salary paid to Robert S. Hekemian, Jr.
for his service as Chief Executive Officer of FREIT be increased to 500,000 per year from 400,000 per year and the base salary paid
to Allan Tubin as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of FREIT be increased to 40,000 per year from 30,000 per year, and that there
be no adjustments to the compensation paid to Ronald J. Artinian as the Chairman of the Board of FREIT or John A. Aiello as Secretary
of FREIT. 

The Compensation Committee considers the following
factors, among other things, in the course of its review of the compensation for the executive officers: (a) compensation paid by other
real estate investment trusts, both as a component of operating expenses and to ensure that FREIT s compensation levels are competitive
in the industry; (b) the duties and responsibilities of the executive officers and the value of the services provided by them; (c) FREIT s
operating results and financial condition, as well as the condition and prospects of the residential and commercial real estate markets;
and (d) the results of the most recent stockholder advisory vote to approve the compensation of the executive officers, which was conducted
at the special meeting in lieu of annual meeting of the stockholders held in April 2020. For the fiscal year ending October 31, 2020,
the Compensation Committee also considered the roles of the executive officers with FREIT s evaluation and pursuit of the strategic
alternatives pursued by FREIT, including the Purchase and Sale Agreement and Plan of Liquidation. 

The Compensation Committee reviews compensation
paid by other real estate investment trusts in the most general way in view of the fact that unlike many other real estate investment
trusts, FREIT is externally managed. Therefore, FREIT does not retain the services of its executive officers on a full-time, exclusive
basis, and the executive officers do not spend full time in their respective positions or devote all of their business activities to FREIT.
The Compensation Committee and the Board take these considerations into account when determining the compensation to be paid to FREIT s
executive officers, and the compensation paid to the executive officers reflects what the Compensation Committee and the Board believe
to be fair and reasonable compensation for the services that the executive officers provide to FREIT and their commitment to serve as
executive officers of FREIT under these circumstances. The Compensation Committee and the Board also consider the size and scope of FREIT s
business and operations as reflected on its balance sheet and income statement in relationship to other real estate investment trusts. 

As required by the rules and regulations of
the SEC, at the special meeting in lieu of annual meeting of stockholders held on April 21, 2020, the stockholders were asked to approve
an advisory resolution approving the compensation of the executive officers as disclosed and described in the Compensation Discussion
and Analysis and the compensation tables and narratives contained in FREIT s proxy statement used in connection with the special
meeting. The advisory resolution received the approval of approximately 89.5 of the votes cast on this proposal. The Compensation Committee
and the Board concluded from the strong approval of the advisory resolution that the stockholders believe that FREIT s compensation
policies and the compensation paid to the executive officers are appropriate and reflective of FREIT s objectives of aligning the
interests of the executive officers with the long-term interests of FREIT. In accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC, and
based on the results of the vote by the stockholders at the special meeting in lieu of annual meeting of stockholders held in April 2020
on the frequency of such vote, the advisory vote by the stockholders to approve the compensation of the executive officers will occur
again at the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 

Risk Management 

The Compensation Committee does not believe
that FREIT s executive compensation program gives rise to any risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect
on FREIT. Executive officers are compensated on a fixed salary basis and have not been awarded any bonuses or other compensation that
might encourage the taking of unnecessary or excessive risks that threaten the long-term value of FREIT. In addition, the Compensation
Committee and the Board have utilized, and may continue to utilize, the Equity Incentive Plan to align the interests of the directors
and executive officers with the long-term interests of FREIT and the stockholders through grants of stock options and other equity-based
awards, thereby giving the directors and executive officers additional incentives to protect the long-term value of FREIT. 

49 

Table of Contents 

Executive Compensation and Financial Performance 

As discussed above, the executive officers
of FREIT are compensated primarily on a fixed salary basis and have not been awarded any incentive-based cash bonuses, and the compensation
paid to the executive officers is not specifically dependent upon any particular measure of financial performance. However, the Compensation
Committee considers, in general terms, both the overall financial performance and condition of FREIT and FREIT s long-term prospects
in the Committee s determination of appropriate levels of executive salary, among other factors and considerations discussed under
 Fiscal 2022 Compensation above. 

Chief Executive Officer Compensation and
Employee Compensation 

The table below sets forth comparative information
regarding (A) the total compensation of the Chief Executive Officer for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, (B) the median of the
total compensation of all other employees of FREIT, not including the Chief Executive Officer, for the fiscal year ended October 31,
2022, and (C) the ratio of the Chief Executive Officer s total compensation to the median of the total compensation of all other
employees (other than the Chief Executive Officer). As of October 31, 2022, excluding the Chief Executive Officer, FREIT had seventeen
(17) employees, including thirteen (13) full-time employees, one (1) part-time and seasonal employees, and three (3) executive officers. 

Chief Executive Officer compensation
(A) 
 830,779 
 
 Median compensation of all employees (not including Chief Executive Officer) (B) 
 85,701 
 
 Ratio of (A) to (B) 
 9.69 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

For the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022,
David F. McBride, Justin F. Meng and Richard J. Aslanian served on the Compensation Committee of the Board, with Mr. McBride serving as
the Chairman of the Committee. None of the members of the Compensation Committee served as an executive officer or employee of FREIT at
any time during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, nor have any of them ever served as an executive officer of FREIT in any prior
year. 

Compensation Committee Report 

The Compensation Committee has discussed and
reviewed the foregoing Compensation Discussion and Analysis with management. Based upon this review and discussion, the Compensation Committee
recommended to the Board that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Form 10K report. 

Submitted by: 
 David F. McBride, Chairman 

Justin F. Meng 

Richard J. Aslanian 

50 

Table of Contents 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

The following table sets
forth information concerning the compensation of all of the named executive officers of FREIT (the Executive Officers as
of October 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 for services in all capacities to FREIT for the 2022, 2021 and 2020 fiscal years, respectively. With
respect to all compensation, the term paid will mean actually paid or deferred. 

Name and 
Principal 
Position (1) 
 Year 
 Salary )(2) 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 Stock 
Awards 
 ) 
 Option 
 Awards ) 
 Non-Equity 
Incentive Plan 
Compensation ) 
 Change in 
Pension Value 
and 
Nonqualified 
Deferred 
Compensation 
Earnings ) 
 All Other 
Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Robert S. 
 Hekemian, Jr., 
 President and 
Chief Executive 
Officer 
 2022 
 500,000 

330,779 (3) 
 830,779 
 
 2021 
 400,000 

68,758 (3) 
 468,758 
 
 2020 
 350,000 

58,022 (3) 
 408,022 
 
 Allan Tubin, 
Treasurer and 
Chief Financial 
Officer (4) 
 2022 
 40,000 

40,000 
 
 2021 
 30,000 

30,000 
 
 2020 
 25,500 

25,500 

John A. Aiello, 
 Esq., 
 Secretary 
 2022 
 40,000 

78,000 (5) 
 118,000 (6) 
 
 2021 
 40,000 

75,000 (5) 
 115,000 (6) 
 
 2020 
 34,000 

72,750 (5) 
 106,750 (6) 

(1) 
 Represents the positions held by each Executive Officer for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

(2) 
 Represents payment to the Executive Officers for their services as Executive Officers of FREIT. 

(3) 
 Of these amounts: 10,822, 7,531 and 6,772 represent accrued interest earned in the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, on amounts previously deferred by Robert S. Hekemian, Jr. pursuant to the terms of the Deferred Fee Plan, pursuant to which payment of accrued interest is deferred until such time that the deferred fees are paid to Mr. Hekemian; 56,500, 55,000 and 51,250 represent annual retainer fees, meeting fees and other fees paid to Mr. Hekemian in the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, as consideration for his service on the Board and, if applicable, its committees, but deferred pursuant to the terms of the Deferred Fee Plan; and 263,457, 6,227 and 0 represent dividends earned related to accrued interest and fees in the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Pursuant to the amendments to the Deferred Fee Plan that became effective on November 1, 2014, the aggregate amount of 278,279 deferred (including dividends earned on deferral) for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 converted into an aggregate of 15,081 Share Units, 68,758 deferred (including dividends earned on deferral) for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 converted into an aggregate of 3,820 Share Units, and 58,022 deferred for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2020 converted into an aggregate of 3,328 Share Units. See Amended and Restated Deferred Fee Plan above. 

(4) 
 Allan Tubin was appointed as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of FREIT effective February 7, 2019. 

(5) 
 During the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Secretary was entitled to receive: (i) meeting attendance fees in the amount of 1,500 for each meeting of the Board and its committees attended, 1,000 for each meeting participated in by teleconference; and (ii) property site inspection fees in the amount of 1,000 for each site inspection attended and reimbursement of all reasonable and verified out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the site visit. 

(6) 
 Mr. Aiello is an officer and shareholder in the law firm of Giordano, Halleran Ciesla, P.C. During the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, Mr. Aiello paid to the law firm the retainer and meeting fees he received in connection with his services as Secretary of FREIT during the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

51 

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth information
concerning the compensation of the Executive Officers that was deferred pursuant to the Deferred Fee Plan, described under Amended
and Restated Deferred Fee Plan above, for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022: 

FISCAL 2022 NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION 

Name (1) 
 (a) 

 Executive Contributions 

 in Last FY (2) 

 ) 

(b) 

 Registrant Contributions 

 in Last FY (2) 

 ) 

Aggregate Earnings 

 in Last FY 

 ) 

Aggregate Withdrawals/ 

 Distributions 

 ) 

Aggregate Balance 

 at Last FYE (2) 

 ) 

Robert S. Hekemian, Jr. 
 4,000 
 
 274,279 
 
 1,010,253 
 
 Allan Tubin 

John A. Aiello, Esq. 

(1) Effective November 1, 2000, the Board adopted the Deferred Fee Plan for its executive officers and its
directors. The Deferred Fee Plan was amended and restated on December 30, 2008, effective as of December 31, 2008, and further amended
and restated on September 4, 2014, effective beginning November 1, 2014. Prior to the amendments that went into effect beginning November
1, 2014, the Deferred Fee Plan permitted any executive officer or director to elect to defer receipt of any executive officer, director
retainer, meeting attendance, or property site inspection fee. As a result of the amendments to the Deferred Fee Plan that went into effect
on November 1, 2014, participants in the Deferred Fee Plan who are also Executive Officers of FREIT are only permitted to defer amounts
paid to them in their capacities as directors, and are not permitted to defer amounts paid to them in their capacities as Executive Officers.
Please see the full discussion of the Deferred Fee Plan under Amended and Restated Deferred Fee Plan above. 

(2) All amounts reported in columns (a) and (b) are reported in the Summary Compensation Table 
above as compensation to the named executive officers in their capacities as members of the Board in the fiscal year ended October 31,
2022. 

The following table sets forth information concerning
the conversion into Share Units of deferred fees, accrued deferred interest and dividends payable with respect to credited Share Units
under the Deferred Fee Plan during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, and the aggregate number of credited Share Units, for each
executive officer individually. 

Participant 
 Aggregate Deferred Fees for FY 2022 
 Accrued Deferred Interest for FY 2022 
 Dividends Payable on Credited Share Units for FY 2022 
 Share Units Credited for FY 2022 
 Aggregate Share Units Credited 
 
 Robert S. Hekemian, Jr. 
 4,000 
 10,822 
 263,457 
 15,081 
 41,254 
 
 Allan Tubin 

John A. Aiello, Esq. 
 - 

See Amended and Restated Deferred Fee
Plan above for more information concerning the terms and provisions of the Deferred Fee Plan and the information set forth in these
tables. 

52 

Table of Contents 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation
Plans 

The number of stock options outstanding under
the Equity Incentive Plan, the weighted-average exercise price of the outstanding options and the number of securities remaining available
for issuance, as of October 31, 2022 were as follows: 

EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN TABLE 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities 
to be Issued upon 
Exercise of 
Outstanding Options, 
Warrants and Rights (a) 
 Weighted-Average 
Exercise Price of 
Outstanding Options, 
Warrants and Rights (b) 
 Number of Securities 
Remaining Available 
for Future Issuance 
under Equity 
Compensation Plans 
(Excluding Securities 
 Reflected in 
Column (a)) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders (1) 
 126,140 
 10.64 
 442,060 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders 

Total 
 126,140 
 10.64 
 442,060 

(1) FREIT currently has no equity compensation plans other than the Equity Incentive Plan described under
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis above. 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 

Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of 
Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised 
Options (#) 
 Exercisable 
 Number of 
 Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised 
Options (#) 
Unexercisable 
 Equity 
 Incentive 
Plan Awards: 
Number of 
Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised 
Unearned 
Options (#) 
 Option 
 Exercise 
Price ) 
 Option 
 Expiration 
Date 
 Number 
of 
 Shares 
or Units 
of Stock 
That 
Have 
Not 
Vested 
(#) 
 Market 
 Value of 
Shares 
or Units 
of Stock 
That 
Have 
Not 
Vested ) 
 Equity 
Incentive 
Plan 
Awards: 
Number of 
Unexercised 
Shares, 
Units or 
Other 
Rights That 
Have Not 
Vested (#) 
 Equity 
Incentive 
Plan 
Awards: 
Market or 
Payout 
Value of 
Unearned 
Shares, 
Units or 
Other 
Rights 
That Have 
Not Vested ) 
 
 Robert S. Hekemian, Jr. 

Allan Tubin 

John A. Aiello, Esq. 

53 

Table of Contents 

Fiscal 2022 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 

In Fiscal 2022, options with respect to 112,400
shares were exercised by current Executive Officers and directors for an aggregate amount of approximately 1.2 million. 

Director Compensation 

For the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022,
each director was entitled to receive (a) an annual retainer fee of 35,000 per year; (b) a per meeting attendance fee of 1,500 per meeting
of the Board and each committee of which a director is a member; (c) a 1,000 per meeting fee for telephonic meetings of the Board and
each committee; and (d) a site inspection fee of 1,000 per site inspection. The Chairman of the Board was entitled to receive an additional
annual retainer in the amount of 30,000 and a per meeting attendance fee of 1,800 per meeting of the Board, and the Chairman of the
Audit Committee and the Chairman of the Compensation Committee were entitled to receive per meeting attendance fees of 1,800 per meeting
of the Audit Committee and Compensation Committee. The Chairman of the Audit Committee and the Chairman of the Compensation Committee
were entitled to receive an additional annual retainer fee of 10,000 and 7,500, respectively. 

The directors were entitled to defer all or
any part of their retainer, meeting and site inspection fees pursuant to the terms of the Deferred Fee Plan. On November 4, 2021 (the
 Adoption Date ), the Board approved the termination of the Deferred Fee Plan resulting in the termination of the deferral
of fees on December 31, 2021 with any subsequent fees earned by a participant being paid in cash. Consistent with the termination of the
Deferred Fee Plan, payment of each participant s Deferred Fee Plan Termination Payment must be made to each participant no earlier
than twelve (12) months and one day after, and no later than twenty-four (24) months, after the Adoption Date. Any interest earned on
the participant s cash account along with dividends (if any) earned on share units, will continue to accrue in share units on each
participant s account until final payment is made. On November 3, 2022, the Board determined that the Deferred Fee Plan Termination
Payment shall be made to the participants in the Deferred Fee Plan on January 20, 2023. The Deferred Fee Plan Termination Payment includes
the amount deferred and earned under the Deferred Fee Plan during fiscal 2022 as described in the following paragraph. 

For the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022,
directors (including the directors who were also Executive Officers during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022) elected to defer an
aggregate amount of approximately 120,000 of annual retainer fees, meeting attendance fees, site inspection fees and accrued interest
payable to them for their services to the Board and its committees, which amount was converted into an aggregate of 5,273 Share Units
during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022. In addition, the directors (including the directors who were also Executive Officers during
the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022) were credited with an aggregate of 95,382 Share Units during the fiscal year ended October 31,
2022 from the conversion of dividends paid with respect to the Share Units credited to their accounts. See Elements of Executive
Compensation Amended and Restated Deferred Fee Plan under Executive Compensation - Compensation Discussion and
Analysis above. For the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, FREIT paid an aggregate of 420,100 of annual retainer fees, meeting
attendance fees and site inspection fees to the directors in cash for their services to the Board and its committees. 

54 

Table of Contents 

FISCAL 2022 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION
(1) 

Name 
 
 Paid and 
Deferred Fees 
 Earned
 
 ) 
 
 Stock Awards 
 ) 
 
 Option 
 Awards 
 ) 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
Compensation ) 
 
 Change in 
Pension Value 
and 
Nonqualified 

 Deferred 
Compensation 
 Earnings 
 )(2) 
 All Other 
Compensation ) 
 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Ronald J. Artinian 
 571,338 (3) 

571,338 (3) 
 
 David F. McBride 
 427,017 

427,017 
 
 Justin F. Meng 
 277,140 

277,140 
 
 David B. Hekemian 
 150,386 
 
 -- 

150,386 
 
 Richard J. Aslanian 
 200,919 
 
 -- 

200,919 

(1) See the Summary Compensation Table above for information regarding compensation paid to each of Robert
S. Hekemian, Jr. and John A. Aiello during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 in connection with their positions as directors. 

(2) Effective November 1, 2014, the Deferred Fee Plan was amended to provide that the interest rate was equal
to the average interest rate on ten-year Treasury bonds plus 150 basis points. The Deferred Fee Plan was also amended to provide that
accrued deferred interest from and after November 1, 2014 would be converted into Share Units equivalent to Shares on a monthly basis.
On November 4, 2021, the Board approved the termination of the Deferred Fee Plan resulting in the termination of the deferral of fees
on December 31, 2021 with any subsequent fees earned by a participant being paid in cash. See Amended and Restated Deferred Fee
Plan above for a description of the amendments to the Deferred Fee Plan. 

(3) Does not include annual retainer of 30,000 paid to Mr. Artinian in cash in his
capacity as Chairman of the Board. 

55 

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth information
concerning the conversion of deferred fees and accrued deferred interest into Share Units under the Deferred Fee Plan during the fiscal
year ended October 31, 2022 for each director who participated in the Deferred Fee Plan during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022,
except that the information concerning the participation of Robert S. Hekemian, Jr. and John A. Aiello, Esq., in the Deferred Fee Plan
in their capacities as directors is set forth under Executive Compensation above. 

Participant 
 Aggregate 
Deferred Fees for 
FY 2022 
 Accrued 
Deferred 
Interest for 
FY 2022 
 Dividends Paid on 
Credited Share 
Units for FY 2022 
 Share Units 
 Credited for 
FY 2022 
 Aggregate Share 
 Units Credited 
 
 Ronald J. Artinian 
 4,600 
 34,146 
 459,592 
 26,898 
 72,185 
 
 David F. McBride 
 4,000 
 10,720 
 342,697 
 19,417 
 53,613 
 
 Justin F. Meng 
 4,000 
 
 217,640 
 12,085 
 33,951 
 
 David B. Hekemian 
 4,000 
 
 93,886 
 5,305 
 14,645 
 
 Richard J. Aslanian 
 4,000 
 
 136,419 
 7,635 
 21,280 
 
 Totals 
 20,600 
 44,866 
 1,250,234 
 71,340 
 195,674 

56 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 12 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of Shares for (i) each person who is a beneficial owner
of 5 or more of FREIT s outstanding Shares, (ii) each of FREIT s directors and executive officers and (iii) all of FREIT s
directors and executive officers as a group, each as of January 27, 2023 unless otherwise indicated in the table below. 

Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 

Name of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 (A) 
 Aggregate 
 Number of Shares 
 Beneficially Owned (2) 
 
 (B) 
 Number of Shares 
Acquirable within 
 60 Days (5) 
 (C) Aggregate Number of Shares Deemed to be Beneficially Owned (Column A plus Column B) 
 
 (D) 
 Percent 
 of Class (3) 
 
 Ronald J. Artinian (4) 
 541,667 (6) 
 1,000 
 542,667 (6) 
 7.3 
 
 David F. McBride, Esq. (4) 
 77,798 (7) 
 
 77,798 (7) 
 1.0 
 
 Robert S. Hekemian, Jr. (4)(8) 
 364,588 (9) 
 
 364,588 (9) 
 4.9 
 
 John A. Aiello, Esq. (4)(8) 
 24,000 
 
 24,000 

Justin F. Meng (4) 
 67,950 (10) 
 
 67,950 (10) 

David B. Hekemian (4) 
 450,719 (11) 
 
 450,719 (11) 
 6.1 
 
 Richard J. Aslanian (4) 
 46,680 
 
 46,680 

Allan Tubin (8) 
 13,662 
 
 13,662 

All directors and executive officers as a group (8 persons) (6)(7)(9)(10)(11)(12) 
 1,484,848
 (12) 
 1,000 
 1,485,848
 (12) 
 20.0 

Shares
beneficially owned do not exceed 1 of FREIT s issued and outstanding Shares. 

(1) 
 All directors and executive officers listed in this table, with the exception of John A. Aiello, maintain a mailing address at 505 Main Street, Suite 400, Hackensack, New Jersey 07601. John A. Aiello maintains a mailing address at 125 Half Mile Road, Suite 300, Red Bank, New Jersey 07701. 

(2) 
 Except as otherwise indicated, all of the Shares are held beneficially and of record. 

(3) 
 Based on 7,435,753 Shares outstanding as of January 27 , 2023. 

(4) 
 A director of FREIT. 

(5) 
 Vested options to acquire Shares that are currently exercisable, or options that vest and become exercisable within 60 days after January 27 , 2023. 

(6) 
 Includes 52,504 Shares held in Individual Retirement Accounts for the benefit of Mr. Artinian. Also includes 4,350 Shares which are held by Mr. Artinian s son, with respect to which Mr. Artinian disclaims beneficial ownership. 

(7) 
 Includes 4,000 Shares held by Mr. McBride s wife. 

(8) 
 An executive officer of FREIT. 

(9) 
 Includes (i) an aggregate of 102,216 Shares which are held by certain partnerships and limited liability companies in which Mr. Hekemian is a partner or member, (ii) 9,238 Shares which are held in trust by Mr. Hekemian for the benefit of his children, and (iii) an aggregate of 11,000 Shares which are held in certain trusts for the benefit of Mr. 

57 

Table of Contents 

Hekemian s nephews and of which Mr. Hekemian is trustee. Also includes 25,458 Shares held in a trust of which Mr. Hekemian is a beneficiary. Mr. Hekemian disclaims beneficial ownership of the foregoing Shares held in partnerships, limited liability companies and trusts except to the extent of his pecuniary interest in such partnerships, limited liability companies and trusts. 

(10) 
 Includes 2,400 Shares held by Mr. Meng s wife, with respect to which Mr. Meng disclaims beneficial ownership. 

(11) 
 Includes (i) an aggregate of 102,216 Shares which are held by certain partnerships and limited liability companies in which Mr. Hekemian is a partner or member, (ii) an aggregate of 17,638 Shares which are held in certain trusts for the benefit of Mr. Hekemian s nephews and niece and of which Mr. Hekemian is a trustee, (iii) 25,470 Shares held in a trust of which Mr. Hekemian is a beneficiary, (iv) an aggregate of 88,940 Shares held by the Robert and Mary Jane Hekemian Foundation, Inc. of which Mr. Hekemian is the Vice President/Treasurer, and (v) 6,000 Shares held in trust by Mr. Hekemian for the benefit of his children. Mr. Hekemian disclaims beneficial ownership of the foregoing Shares held in partnerships, limited liability companies and trusts except to the extent of his pecuniary interest in such partnerships, limited liability companies and trusts. Also includes 1,916 Shares held by Mr. Hekemian s wife, with respect to which Mr. Hekemian disclaims beneficial ownership. 

(12) 
 Robert S. Hekemian, Jr. and David B. Hekemian are both deemed to be the beneficial owner of 102,216 Shares held by certain partnerships and limited liability companies in which each of them is a partner or member. Therefore, the total number of Shares beneficially owned by all executive officers and directors as a group, which includes both Robert S. Hekemian, Jr. and David B. Hekemian, is not merely the aggregate of the beneficial ownership of each executive officer and director, since calculating the aggregate number of Shares beneficially owned by all executive officers and directors as a group on that basis would result in the 102,216 Shares of which both Robert S. Hekemian, Jr. and David B. Hekemian are deemed the beneficial owner being double-counted. As disclosed above, Robert S. Hekemian, Jr. and David B. Hekemian disclaim beneficial ownership of the 102,216 Shares except to the extent of their respective pecuniary interests in the partnerships and limited liability companies that hold such Shares. 

ITEM 13 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS; DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Of the seven members of the Board, Ronald J.
Artinian, David F. McBride, Justin F. Meng and Richard J. Aslanian qualify as independent directors in accordance with the
applicable NASDAQ Listing Rules and SEC rules. Each of the directors serving on committees of the Board: (Nominating Committee- David
F. McBride and Richard J. Aslanian); (Compensation Committee-David F. McBride, Justin F. Meng and Richard J. Aslanian); and (Audit Committee-Ronald
J. Artinian, David F. McBride and Richard J. Aslanian) qualifies as an independent director in accordance with the applicable
NASDAQ Listing Rules and SEC rules. 

The Board has adopted a written charter for
the Audit Committee (see Audit Committee under Item 10 above) whereby the Audit Committee oversees and evaluates all related
party transactions proposed to be entered into by FREIT. Further, FREIT has adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to all directors, executive
officers and management employees of FREIT (see Code of Ethics under Item 10 above), which Code of Ethics promotes the honest
and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships. 

Robert S. Hekemian, Jr., President and Chief
Executive Officer of FREIT and a director of FREIT, and David B. Hekemian, a director of FREIT, are shareholders of Hekemian Co.
Robert S. Hekemian, Jr. and David B. Hekemian each holds a 33.3 equity interest in Hekemian Co. The balance of the equity interest
in Hekemian Co. is held by other members of the Hekemian family, including Bryan S. Hekemian. Robert S. Hekemian, Jr. serves as
the Chief Executive Officer of Hekemian Co.; David B. Hekemian serves as the President of Hekemian Co.; and Bryan S. Hekemian
serves as the Chief Operating Officer of Hekemian Co. 

On April 10, 2002, FREIT and Hekemian 
Co. entered into a Management Agreement replacing the Management Agreement dated December 20, 1961, as extended. The term of the Management
Agreement automatically renews for periods of two years unless either party gives at least six months prior notice to the other of non-renewal.
The term of the Management Agreement was renewed for a two-year term, which will expire on October 31, 2023. FREIT may terminate the Management
Agreement (i) without cause upon one year s prior written notice, (ii) for cause if Hekemian Co. has not cured an event of
default within 30 days of receipt of notice of termination from FREIT, or (iii) in the event of an acquisition of FREIT where FREIT ceases
to effectively exist as an operating entity. The Management Agreement provides for a termination fee in the event of a termination by
FREIT without cause or following a merger or acquisition of FREIT. 

58 

Table of Contents 

Under the Management Agreement, Hekemian 
Co. serves as managing agent for FREIT s properties which FREIT owned on November 1, 2001. FREIT may retain Hekemian Co. or
other managing agents to manage its properties acquired after November 1, 2001 and to perform various other duties such as sales, acquisitions,
and development with respect to any or all of FREIT s properties. However, Hekemian Co. currently manages all properties owned
by FREIT and its affiliates, except for the office building at the Rotunda Property, located in Baltimore, Maryland that was acquired
in July 2005 by Grande Rotunda, LLC Grande Rotunda ), a limited liability company in which FREIT owns a 60 equity interest.
An unaffiliated third party management company managed the commercial office space at the Rotunda. The property owned by Grande Rotunda
was sold on December 30, 2021. (See Note 2 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements for additional details.) Hekemian 
Co. is not the exclusive advisor for FREIT to locate and recommend investments deemed suitable for FREIT, and it is not required to offer
potential acquisition properties exclusively to FREIT before acquiring those properties for Hekemian Co. s own account or
for others, including shareholders and employees of Hekemian Co. 

FREIT retained Hekemian Co. to manage
the Preakness Shopping Center, which was acquired on November 1, 2002 by Wayne PSC, LLC Wayne PSC ), a limited liability
company in which FREIT owns a 40 membership interest, and the Damascus Shopping Center, which was acquired on July 31, 2003 by Damascus
Centre, LLC Damascus Centre ), a limited liability company in which FREIT owns a 70 equity interest. On January 10, 2022,
the property owned by Damascus Centre was sold. (See Note 2 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements for additional details.)
In the fiscal year ended October 31, 2004, FREIT retained Hekemian Co. to manage The Pierre Towers, an apartment complex acquired
on April 15, 2004. This property was formerly owned by S And A Commercial Associates Limited Partnership S A ), which
was reorganized by FREIT on February 28, 2020 from a partnership into a tenancy-in-common TIC ), in which FREIT ultimately
acquired a 65 undivided ownership interest. 

Pursuant to the terms of the Management Agreement,
FREIT pays Hekemian Co. certain basic management fees, mortgage origination fees, administrative fees, other miscellaneous fees
and leasing commissions as compensation for its services. The Management Agreement includes a detailed schedule of such fees and commissions
for those services which the managing agent may be called upon to perform. During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, FREIT incurred
to Hekemian Co. and Hekemian Development Resources, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hekemian Co. Hekemian Resources ),
management and other fees in the approximate aggregate amount of 8,518,000, which includes the management fees of approximately 1,429,000
described in more detail below, and mortgage, leasing and other fees in the approximate amount of 7,088,000. Included in other fees
for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 are commissions payable to Hekemian Co. for the following: 4,777,000 for the sale of
the Rotunda Property; 917,000 for the sale of the Damascus Property; 525,000 for the sale of the Westridge Square Property; 94,000
for the refinancing of the loan on the Preakness Shopping Center; and 75,000 for the refinancing of the loan on the Boulders property. 

FREIT also uses the resources of Hekemian 
Co. s insurance department to secure insurance coverage for its properties and subsidiaries. Hekemian Co. is paid a commission
for these services, which amounted to approximately 164,000 in the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022. 

From time to time, FREIT engages Hekemian 
Co., or certain affiliates of Hekemian Co., to provide certain additional services, such as consulting services related to development
and financing activities of FREIT. Separate fee arrangements are negotiated between FREIT and Hekemian Co. with respect to such
services. FREIT also reimburses Hekemian Co. certain operating expenses, such as payroll and insurance costs, incurred on behalf
of FREIT. 

FREIT s real estate investments may be
in the form of wholly owned fee interests or, if the circumstances warrant, joint venture interests or as tenants-in-common. FREIT will
make certain real estate investments through joint ventures with other parties from time to time in order to diversify risk. FREIT will
also consider investing in real estate that requires development or that involves particular risk through joint ventures in order to meet
FREIT s investment objectives. In furtherance of these objectives, FREIT has invested in joint ventures with employees and affiliates
of Hekemian Co. and with directors of FREIT, as described below. 

FREIT owns a 60 equity interest in, and is
the managing member of, Grande Rotunda, which was the owner of the Rotunda property. Rotunda 100, LLC Rotunda 100 ), owns
a 40 equity interest in Grande Rotunda. Robert S. Hekemian, Jr., Chief Executive Officer, President and a director of FREIT and a shareholder
and officer of Hekemian Co.; David B. Hekemian, a director of FREIT and a shareholder and officer of Hekemian Co.; Allan Tubin,
the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of FREIT and an officer of Hekemian Co.; certain other members of the immediate family
of the late Robert S. Hekemian, the former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of and consultant to FREIT and a former shareholder and
former officer of Hekemian Co. and other employees of Hekemian Co. have majority managing control of Rotunda 100. In July
2005, Grande Rotunda completed the acquisition of the Rotunda for a purchase price of approximately 31 million (inclusive of transaction
costs), which was financed, in part, from an acquisition loan in the amount of 22.5 million, and the balance of which was contributed
in cash by the members of Grande Rotunda in proportion to their membership interests. As an incentive to the employees of Hekemian 
Co. to identify and provide real estate investment opportunities for FREIT, FREIT advanced 

59 

Table of Contents 

to the employees of Hekemian Co. who
are members of Rotunda 100 (including Robert S. Hekemian, Jr., David B. Hekemian, Allan Tubin and certain other members of the immediate
family of the late Robert S. Hekemian), 50 of the amount of the equity capital required to be contributed by them to Rotunda 100 in connection
with the acquisition and operation of the Rotunda. FREIT initially loaned an aggregate amount of approximately 1,900,000 to those Hekemian
 Co. employees (including approximately 1,800,000 to Robert S. Hekemian, Jr., David B. Hekemian and Allan Tubin) and certain other
members of the immediate family of the late Robert S. Hekemian with respect to their equity capital contributions (the Rotunda
Notes ). On May 8, 2008, the Board approved amendments to the loan agreements to increase the aggregate amount of the loans to 4,000,000
(which increased the aggregate amount loaned to Robert S. Hekemian, Jr., David B. Hekemian, Allan Tubin and certain other members of the
immediate family of the late Robert S. Hekemian in connection with the Rotunda Notes to 3,800,000 from the initial aggregate amount of
 1,800,000). These loans bore interest that floated at 225 basis points over the 90-day London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ),
as adjusted each November 1, February 1, May 1 and August 1, and the loans were secured by such employees membership interests
in Rotunda 100. The Rotunda Notes originally provided for payments of accrued interest on a quarterly basis, with no principal payments
required during the term of the Rotunda Notes, except that the borrowers were required to pay to FREIT all refinancing proceeds and other
cash flow they received from their interests in Grande Rotunda. The Rotunda Notes were originally scheduled to mature at the earlier of
(a) 10 years after issue, on June 19, 2015 and (b) at the election of FREIT, 90 days after the borrower terminated employment with Hekemian
 Co., at which time all outstanding unpaid amounts would be due. On June 4, 2015, the Board approved an extension of the terms of
each of the Rotunda Notes to the earlier to occur of (a) June 19, 2018 and (b) the day that is 5 days after Grande Rotunda closes on a
permanent mortgage loan secured by the Rotunda property. On December 7, 2017, the Board approved amendments to the Rotunda Notes to further
extend the term of each of the Rotunda Notes to the date or dates upon which Grande Rotunda makes distributions of cash to its members
as a result of either a refinancing of Grande Rotunda s indebtedness or a sale of Grande Rotunda or all or a portion of the real
property owned by it; provided, that the Rotunda Notes will mature only to the extent of such distributions to the maker of the Rotunda
Notes. Pursuant to the December 7, 2017 amendments, distributions of cash as a result of events other than a refinancing of the indebtedness
of Grande Rotunda or sale of the Rotunda property will not result in the maturation of the Rotunda Notes. On December 30, 2021, the Rotunda
Property was sold and the net sales proceeds were distributed to the equity owners in Grande Rotunda. As of October 31, 2022, approximately
 5.3 million of the secured loans receivable (including accrued interest) were repaid to FREIT with no outstanding balance remaining of
principal or interest related to the Rotunda 100 notes. 

Grande Rotunda paid Hekemian Co. approximately
 123,000 in management fees during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, which is included in the 1,429,000 of management fees paid
by FREIT to Hekemian Co. during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 mentioned above. Pursuant to the terms of the Management
Agreement, Grande Rotunda paid Hekemian Co. leasing commissions in the aggregate amount of approximately 32,000, which is included
in the 7,088,000 of mortgage, leasing and other fees paid to Hekemian Co. mentioned above during the fiscal year ended October
31, 2022. 

Prior to the refinancing of the Wells Fargo
construction loan for the Rotunda property with a new loan from Aareal Capital Corporation, FREIT and Rotunda 100, as the 60 and 40 
owners of Grande Rotunda, respectively, had been contributing their respective pro-rata share of Grande Rotunda s cash needs through
loans to Grande Rotunda. On December 30, 2021, the Rotunda Property was sold and Grande Rotunda repaid loans including accrued interest
of approximately 31 million to the equity owners in Grande Rotunda. As of October 31, 2022, all loans were repaid in full to each of
the equity owners in Grande Rotunda. 

FREIT owns a 70 equity interest in, and is
the managing member of, Damascus Centre, which was the owner of the 144,000 square foot shopping center located in Damascus, Maryland.
Damascus 100, LLC Damascus 100 ), owns a 30 equity interest in Damascus Centre. Robert S. Hekemian, Jr., Chief Executive
Officer, President and a director of FREIT and a shareholder and officer of Hekemian Co.; David B. Hekemian, a director of FREIT
and a shareholder and officer of Hekemian Co.; Allan Tubin, the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of FREIT and an officer of
Hekemian Co.; certain other members of the immediate family of the late Robert S. Hekemian, the former Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of and consultant to FREIT and a former shareholder and former officer of Hekemian Co. and other employees of Hekemian 
Co. have majority managing control of Damascus 100. Damascus Centre paid Hekemian Co. approximately 26,000 in management fees during
the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, which is included in 1,429,000 of management fees paid by FREIT to Hekemian Co. during
the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 mentioned above. Pursuant to the terms of the Management Agreement, Damascus Centre paid Hekemian
 Co. leasing commissions in the aggregate amount of approximately 7,000, which is included in the 7,088,000 of mortgage, leasing
and other fees paid to Hekemian Co. mentioned above during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022. On January 10, 2022, the property
owned by Damascus Centre was sold. 

FREIT owns a 40 membership interest in Westwood
Hills, LLC Westwood Hills ), which is the owner of a 210-unit residential apartment complex in Westwood, New Jersey. In
addition, an aggregate of 35 of the membership interests in Westwood Hills is beneficially owned by: Robert S. Hekemian, Jr., the Chief
Executive Officer, President and a director of FREIT and a shareholder and officer of Hekemian Co.; Ronald J. Artinian, the Chairman
and a director of FREIT; David B. Hekemian, a director of FREIT and a shareholder and officer of Hekemian Co.; the Estate of Robert
S. Hekemian, the former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of and consultant to FREIT and a former shareholder and former officer of
Hekemian 

60 

Table of Contents 

Co.; members of Hekemian family; and two former directors of FREIT. Pursuant to the terms of an operating agreement, FREIT
is the managing member of Westwood Hills. Hekemian Co. currently serves as the managing agent for Westwood Hills. During the fiscal
year ended October 31, 2022, Westwood Hills paid Hekemian Co. approximately 250,000 in management fees, which is included in the
 1,429,000 of management fees paid by FREIT to Hekemian Co. during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 mentioned above. 

FREIT owns a 40 equity interest in Wayne PSC
and H-TPKE, LLC H-TPKE ), owns a 60 equity interest in Wayne PSC. In addition, an aggregate of approximately 73 of the
membership interests in H-TPKE is controlled by: Robert S. Hekemian, Jr., the Chief Executive Officer, President and a director of FREIT
and a shareholder and officer of Hekemian Co.; David B. Hekemian, a director of FREIT and a shareholder and officer of Hekemian
 Co.; the late Robert S. Hekemian, the former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and consultant to FREIT and a former shareholder
and former officer of Hekemian Co.; members of the families of Robert S. Hekemian, Jr., David B. Hekemian and the late Robert S.
Hekemian; and other employees of Hekemian Co. FREIT is the managing member of Wayne PSC. Wayne PSC owns a 322,000 square foot shopping
center located in Wayne, New Jersey, known as the Preakness Shopping Center. Hekemian Co. is the managing agent for the Preakness
Shopping Center. During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, Wayne PSC paid Hekemian Co. approximately 133,000 in management
fees, which is included in the 1,429,000 of management fees paid by FREIT to Hekemian Co. during the fiscal year ended October
31, 2022 mentioned above. Pursuant to the terms of the Management Agreement, Wayne PSC paid Hekemian Co. leasing commissions in
the aggregate amount of approximately 27,000 with respect to leasing activity at the Preakness Shopping Center, which is included in
the 7,088,000 of mortgage, leasing and other fees paid to Hekemian Co. mentioned above. 

On March 10, 2022, the equity owners in Wayne
PSC, H-TPKE and FREIT, each entered into a grid promissory note for funding Wayne PSC up to 600,000 and 400,000, respectively, based
on each owner s respective pro-rata share of Wayne PSC. During May 2022, Wayne PSC required funding by each of the owners totaling
 500,000, with each owner contributing its respective pro-rata share of Wayne PSC. As such, H-TPKE funded 300,000 and FREIT funded 200,000.
Wayne PSC repaid these loans in full (including accrued interest) to each of the equity owners from the net proceeds received from the
refinancing of the loan on the Preakness Shopping Center in July 2022. 

On February 28, 2020, FREIT reorganized S A
from a partnership into a TIC. Prior to this reorganization, FREIT owned a 65 partnership interest in S A, which owned 100 of the
Pierre Towers property located in Hackensack, New Jersey through its 100 interest in Pierre Towers, LLC. Accordingly, FREIT consolidated
the financial statements of S A and its subsidiary to include 100 of the subsidiary s assets, liabilities, operations and
cash flows with the interest not owned by FREIT reflected as noncontrolling interests in subsidiary and all significant
intercompany accounts and transactions were eliminated in consolidation. 

Pursuant to the TIC agreement, FREIT ultimately
acquired a 65 undivided interest in the Pierre Towers property which was formerly owned by S A. Based on the guidance of Accounting
Standards Codification 810, Consolidation , FREIT s investment in the TIC is accounted for under the equity
method of accounting. While FREIT s effective ownership percentage interest in the Pierre Towers property remains unchanged after
the reorganization to a TIC, FREIT no longer has a controlling interest as the TIC is now under joint control. The remaining 35 undivided
interest in the Pierre Towers property is owned by Robert S. Hekemian, Jr., the Chief Executive Officer, President and a director of FREIT
and a shareholder and officer of Hekemian Co.; David B. Hekemian, a director of FREIT and a shareholder and officer of Hekemian
 Co.; Allan Tubin, the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of FREIT and an officer of Hekemian Co.; and certain members of
the immediate family of the late Robert S. Hekemian, the former Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and consultant to FREIT and a former
shareholder and officer of Hekemian Co. In February 2005, and in accordance with its investment policy regarding risk diversification,
FREIT allowed the minority owners of the former S A partnership to make a cash contribution to the former S A partnership of approximately
 1.3 million to increase their ownership interest in the former S A partnership from approximately 25 to 35 , which approximated
market value at the time of the investment. On April 15, 2004, the former S A partnership purchased The Pierre Towers, a residential
apartment complex located in Hackensack, New Jersey. During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, the Pierre Towers TIC paid Hekemian
 Co. approximately 402,000 in management fees. Additionally, the Pierre Towers TIC also uses the resources of the Hekemian 
Co. insurance department to secure various insurance coverages for the Pierre Towers property. The Pierre Towers TIC paid approximately
 40,000 for such insurance services for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022. 

Robert S. Hekemian, Jr., the Chief Executive
Officer, President and a director of FREIT and a shareholder and officer of Hekemian Co., was a director of Oritani Financial Corp.
and its subsidiary, Oritani Bank, until Oritani Financial was merged into Valley National Bancorp in December 2019. FREIT is a party to
a commercial mortgage loan with Valley National Bancorp. The mortgage loan is in the original principal amount of 22,750,000 with an
interest rate of 4.75 per annum, which is secured by FREIT s Westwood Plaza property and matures on February 1, 2023. This mortgage
loan was negotiated at arm s length and was on standard terms. 

61 

Table of Contents 

FREIT retained the law firm of Giordano, Halleran
 Ciesla, P.C during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 to furnish legal services. John A. Aiello, a director and Secretary of
FREIT, is an officer and shareholder in the law firm. During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, Giordano, Halleran Ciesla,
P.C. received 266,574 in fees from FREIT and its affiliates for its services. In addition, Mr. Aiello paid to the law firm the amount
of 61,500, representing retainer and meeting fees, which Mr. Aiello received in connection with his services as the Secretary of FREIT
during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022. 

Effective upon the late Robert S. Hekemian s
retirement as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and as a director on April 5, 2018, FREIT entered into a Consulting Agreement with Mr.
Hekemian, pursuant to which Mr. Hekemian provided consulting services to FREIT through December 2019. Under the Consulting Agreement,
Mr. Hekemian was obliged to provide advice and consultation with respect to matters pertaining to FREIT and its subsidiaries, affiliates,
assets and business, for no fewer than 30 hours per month during the term of the agreement. FREIT paid Mr. Hekemian a consulting fee of
 5,000 per month during the term of the Consulting Agreement, which was payable in the form of Shares on a quarterly basis (i.e. in quarterly
installments of 15,000). The number of Shares issued for each quarterly installment of the consulting fee was determined by dividing
the dollar amount of the consulting fee by the closing price of one Share on the OTC Pink Open Market as of the close of trading on the
last trading day of the calendar quarter with respect to which such consulting fee was payable. There were no consulting fees paid to
Robert S. Hekemian for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022. 

ITEM 14 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit Fees 

Audit fees billed by EisnerAmper LLP to FREIT
totaled 388,000 for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 for professional services rendered in connection with the audits of FREIT s
consolidated financial statements and reviews of the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022. Audit
fees billed by EisnerAmper LLP to FREIT totaled 410,000 for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 for professional services rendered
in connection with the audits of FREIT s consolidated financial statements and reviews of the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for
the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021. 

Audit-Related Fees 

EisnerAmper LLP did not bill FREIT, and FREIT
did not pay, for any audit-related fees during the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Tax Fees 

In the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022,
EisnerAmper LLP billed FREIT 46,000 for the preparation of FREIT s 2021 tax return. In the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021,
EisnerAmper LLP billed FREIT 37,500 for the preparation of FREIT s 2020 tax return. 

All Other Fees 

EisnerAmper LLP did not bill FREIT, and FREIT
did not pay, for any other services during the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Policy on Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible
Non-Audit Services 

All audit and non-audit services provided by
FREIT s independent registered public accounting firm and the fees associated therewith are pre-approved by the Audit Committee
in accordance with the written charter of the Audit Committee adopted by the Board. The Audit Committee gives due consideration to the
potential impact of all non-audit services on auditor independence. The engagement of EisnerAmper LLP, which was pre-approved by the Audit
Committee, did not make use of the de minimis exception for pre-approval contained in the rules of the SEC that permit limited engagements
for non-audit services involving amounts under a specified threshold. 

62 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

ITEM 15: 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES 

(a) Financial Statements: Page (i) Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 65 (ii) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 31, 2022 and 2021 67 (iii) Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended October 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 68 (iv) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended October 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 69 (v) Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended October 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 70 (vi) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended October 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 71 (vii) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 72 (b) Financial Statement Schedule: (i) III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 92-93 (c) Exhibits: See Index to Exhibits. 94 

63 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, FREIT has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

First Real Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey, Inc. 

Dated: January 27, 2023 
 
 By: /s/ Robert S. Hekemian, Jr. 

Robert S. Hekemian, Jr. 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

By: /s/ Allan Tubin 

Allan Tubin 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 (Principal Financial/Accounting Officer) 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person
whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints each of Robert S. Hekemian, Jr. and Allan Tubin his true and lawful attorney-in-fact
and agent for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite
and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as they might or could do in person, hereby ratifying
and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Exchange Act, the Registrant has caused this report to be signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates stated. 

Signatures 
 Title 
 Date 

/s/ Robert S. Hekemian, Jr. 
 President, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director 
 January 27, 2023 
 
 Robert S. Hekemian, Jr. 

/s/ Allan Tubin 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial / Accounting Officer) 
 January 27, 2023 
 
 Allan Tubin 

/s/ Ronald J. Artinian 
 Chairman of the Board and Director 
 January 27, 2023 
 
 Ronald J. Artinian 

/s/ David F. McBride 
 Director 
 January 27, 2023 
 
 David F. McBride 

/s/ John A. Aiello 
 Director 
 January 27, 2023 
 
 John A. Aiello 

/s/ Justin F. Meng 
 Director 
 January 27, 2023 
 
 Justin F. Meng 

/s/ David B. Hekemian 
 Director 
 January 27, 2023 
 
 David B. Hekemian 

/s/ Richard J. Aslanian 
 Director 
 January 27, 2023 
 
 Richard J. Aslanian 

64 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

First Real Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey,
Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of First Real Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of October 31, 2022 and
2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year
period ended October 31, 2022, and the related notes and the financial statement schedule identified in Item 15 (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of October 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of
the years in the three-year period ended October 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a
matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit
committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on
the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

As of October 31, 2022, the Company had real estate,
net of accumulated depreciation, of approximately 96.6 million. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company
evaluates its real estate for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the undiscounted cash flows estimated
to be generated by such assets may be less than their carrying value and, accordingly, all or a portion of such carrying value may not
be recoverable. When it is determined that the carrying value of an asset is not recoverable, an impairment loss is then calculated by
comparing the fair value of the asset to its carrying amount. Estimates of undiscounted cash flows or fair value are sensitive to changes
in assumptions and judgements, the outcome of which could vary significantly. 

We identified the impairment evaluation for the Company s
commercial properties, having a net book value of approximately 36.1 million, as a critical audit matter due to significant judgment
by management in identifying indicators of impairment and in the estimated recoverability of a particular property. This in turn led to
a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and audit effort in performing procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management's
significant estimates and assumptions related to future operating income, holding periods, capitalization rates and residual values. 

65 

Table of Contents 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures
and evaluating audit evidence, in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial statements. We obtained an understanding
and evaluated the design of controls over the Company s impairment evaluation. Our procedures included, among others, assessing
the methodologies applied, identifying the existence of any triggering events, comparing the recoverability analysis to the carrying value
by property and evaluating the reasonableness of significant estimates and assumptions including future operating income, holding periods,
capitalization rates and residual values, and considered if they were reasonable considering the past and current performance of the property
and if consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. We tested the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used
by management in its evaluation. We held discussions with management about the current status of the commercial properties to understand
how management s significant estimates and assumptions are developed considering potential future market conditions. In addition,
we evaluated the mathematical accuracy of the calculations included in the Company s evaluation. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2006. 

EISNERAMPER LLP 

January 27, 2023 

66 

Table of Contents 

FIRST REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST OF NEW JERSEY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

October 31, 
 October 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(In Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 
 
 ASSETS 

Real estate, at cost, net of accumulated depreciation 

Construction in progress 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Investment in tenancy-in-common 

Tenants' security accounts 

Receivables arising from straight-lining of rents 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of 1,126 and 

as of October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

Secured loans receivable (related party) 

Funds held in post-closing escrow 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Deferred charges, net 

Interest rate swap contracts 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Liabilities: 

Mortgages payable, including deferred interest of 222 and 358 as of 

October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

Less unamortized debt issuance costs 

Mortgages payable, net 

Due to affiliate 

Deferred director compensation payable 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Dividends payable 

Tenants' security deposits 

Deferred revenue 

Interest rate cap and swap contracts 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) 

Common Equity: 

Preferred stock with par value of 0.01 per share: 

and shares authorized and issued, respectively, at October 31, 2022 and 2021

Common stock with par value of 0.01 per share: 

20,000,000 shares authorized at October 31, 2022 and 2021; 7,048,344 and 6,860,048 

shares issued plus 272,882 and 175,923 vested share units granted to Directors 

at October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

Additional paid-in-capital 

(Accumulated deficit) Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Total Common Equity 

Noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries 

Total Equity 

Total Liabilities and Equity 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

67 

Table of Contents 

FIRST REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST OF NEW JERSEY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF INCOME 

Years Ended October 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

(In Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts) 
 
 Revenue: 

Rental income 

Reimbursements 

Sundry income 

Total revenue 

Expenses: 

Operating expenses 

Third party transaction costs (See Note 14) 

Management fees 

Real estate taxes 

Depreciation 

Tenant improvement write-off due to COVID-19 

Total expenses 

Investment income 

Net gain on sale of Maryland properties 

Net realized gain on Wayne PSC interest rate swap termination 

Gain on deconsolidation of subsidiary 

Loss on investment in tenancy-in-common 

Interest expense including amortization 

of deferred financing costs 

Net income 

Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling 

interests in subsidiaries 

Net income attributable to common equity 

Earnings per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

68 

Table of Contents 

FIRST REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST OF NEW JERSEY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Years Ended October 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

(In Thousands of Dollars) 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income: 

Unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate cap and swap contracts 

before reclassifications 

Amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 

to realized gain on termination of interest rate swap 

Amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 

to interest expense 

Net unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate cap and swap contracts 

Comprehensive income 

Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries 

Other comprehensive (income) loss : 

Unrealized (gain) loss on interest rate cap and swap contracts 

attributable to noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries 

Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries 

Comprehensive income attributable to common equity 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

69 

Table of Contents 

FIRST REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST OF NEW JERSEY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 

Common Equity 

Beneficial Interest 
 Treasury Shares at Cost 
 Common Stock 
 
 Retained 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Additional 
Paid-In 
-Capital 
 Earnings 
(Accumulated 
Deficit) 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
Income (Loss) 
 Total 
Common 
Equity 

Noncontrolling 
Interests in 
Subsidiaries 

Total Equity 

(In Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts) 

Balance at October 31, 2019 

Stock based compensation expense 

Vested share units granted to Directors and consultant 

Vested share units issued to consultant and retired Directors 

Deconsolidation of subsidiary 

Distributions to noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries 

Net income (loss) 

Net unrealized loss on interest rate cap and swap contracts 

Balance at October 31, 2020 

Stock based compensation expense 

Vested share units granted to Directors, including in dividends declared payable in share units per share) 

Vested share units issued to retired Director 

Distributions to noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries 

Net income 

Dividends declared, including payable in share units per share) 

Reincorporation of FREIT with and into FREIT Maryland (See Note 1) 

Net unrealized gain on interest rate cap and swap contracts 

Balance at October 31, 2021 

Stock based compensation expense 

Vested share units granted to Directors, including in dividends declared payable in share units per share) 

Stock options exercised 

Distributions to noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries 

Net income 

Dividends declared, including payable in share units per share) 

Net unrealized gain on interest rate cap and swap contracts 

Balance at October 31, 2022 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

70 

Table of Contents 

FIRST REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST OF NEW JERSEY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended October 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

(In Thousands of Dollars) 
 
 Operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Net gain on sale of Maryland properties 

Depreciation 

Tenant improvement write-off due to COVID-19 

Amortization 

Stock based compensation expense 

Director fees, consultant fee and related interest paid in stock units 

Gain on deconsolidation of subsidiary 

Loss on investment in tenancy-in-common 

Deferred rents - straight line rent 

Deferred real estate tax appeal fees 

Bad debt expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Tenants' security accounts 

Accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and deferred 

director compensation payable 

Deferred revenue 

Due to affiliate - accrued interest 

Deferred interest on mortgages 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Investing activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Maryland properties, net 

Proceeds from payment of secured loans receivable inclusive of accrued interest 

Capital improvements - existing properties 

Deferred leasing costs 

Distribution from investment in tenancy-in-common 

Deconsolidation of subsidiary cash and cash equivalents 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Financing activities: 

Repayment of mortgages 

Proceeds from mortgage loan refinancings 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Deferred financing costs 

Due to affiliate - loan proceeds 

Due to affiliate - loan repayment 

Dividends paid 

Distributions to noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow data: 

Interest paid 

Supplemental schedule of non cash activities: 

Operating activities: 

Commercial tenant security deposits applied to accounts receivable 

Investing activities: 

Accrued capital expenditures, construction costs and pre-development costs 

Financing activities: 

Retirement of treasury stock 

Dividends declared but not paid 

Dividends paid in share units 

Vested share units issued to consultant and retired director 

Deconsolidation of subsidiary: 

Real estate, at cost, net of accumulated depreciation 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Mortgage payable 

Unamortized debt issuance costs 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Tenants' security deposits 

Deferred revenue 

Deconsolidation of subsidiary cash and cash equivalents 

Net carrying value of assets and liabilities deconsolidated 

Recognition of retained investment in tenancy-in-common at fair value 

Derecognition of noncontrolling interest in subsidiary 

The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported within the consolidated balance sheets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Tenants' security accounts 

Funds held in post-closing escrow 

Mortgage escrows (included in prepaid expenses and other assets) 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

71 

Table of Contents 

FIRST REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST OF NEW JERSEY,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of real estate investment trust taxable income. Further,
FREIT pays no federal income tax on capital gains distributed to stockholders. FREIT is subject to federal income tax on undistributed
taxable income and capital gains. FREIT may make an annual election under Section 858 of the Internal Revenue Code to apply part of the
regular dividends paid in each respective subsequent year as a distribution for the immediately preceding year. 

ownership interest: 

Wayne PSC, LLC 

Damascus Centre, LLC 

Grande Rotunda, LLC 

WestFREIT, Corp 

FREIT Regency, LLC 

Station Place on Monmouth, LLC 

Berdan Court, LLC 

of each subsidiary s assets, liabilities, operations and cash flows, with the interests not owned by FREIT reflected as "noncontrolling
interests in subsidiaries . All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

partnership interest in S A, which owned of
the Pierre Towers property located in Hackensack, New Jersey through its 100 interest in Pierre Towers, LLC. Accordingly, FREIT consolidated
the financial statements of S A and its subsidiary to include of the subsidiary s assets, liabilities, operations and cash
flows with the interest not owned by FREIT reflected as noncontrolling interests in subsidiary and all significant intercompany
accounts and transactions were eliminated in consolidation. 

72 

Table of Contents 

undivided interest in the Pierre Towers property, which was formerly owned by S A. Based on the guidance of Accounting
Standards Codification ASC 810, Consolidation , FREIT s investment in the TIC is accounted for
under the equity method of accounting. While FREIT s effective ownership percentage interest in the Pierre Towers property remained
unchanged after the reorganization to a TIC, FREIT no longer had a controlling interest as the TIC is now under joint control. (See Note
3) 

million (with a consolidated impact to FREIT of approximately million) related to Cobb Theatre were deemed
impaired and written off. (See Note 16) 

, and in Fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
Unamortized debt issuance costs are a direct deduction from mortgages payable on the consolidated balance sheets. 

(See Note 6) 

, and in Fiscal
2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

73 

Table of Contents 

(See Note 10) 

of its
subsidiary, WestFREIT Corp. WestFREIT ), a interest in Grande Rotunda, LLC Grande Rotunda ), the joint
venture that owned the Rotunda Property, and a interest in Damascus Centre, LLC Damascus Centre ), the joint venture
that owned the Damascus Property. 

from to , after giving effect to the escrow
deposit described below. This reduction in the sales price of was to account for improvements and repairs to the Maryland Properties
and miscellaneous items identified by the Maryland Purchaser in the course of its due diligence inspection. Additionally, the Maryland
Purchaser was obligated under the Maryland Purchase and Sale Agreement to deposit a total of in escrow with respect to certain
leases at the Maryland Properties, which have not been executed or where the rent commencement date has not occurred or economic obligations
of the Maryland Sellers under certain leases remain unpaid. Although there can be no assurance, a portion of the escrow deposit
(the Maryland Purchaser Escrow Payment may be paid to the Maryland Sellers depending upon the outcome of construction and
leasing activities at the Maryland Properties. The Maryland Purchaser Escrow Payment Agreement provides for among other things, monthly
disbursements from escrow to the Maryland Purchaser related to the aforementioned tenant lease agreements until the earlier of (i) the
rent commencement date of the respective tenant lease agreements or (ii) -years from the date of the agreement. Release and amounts of
escrowed funds to FREIT, generally, is contingent on the success and timing of future leasing activities at the Maryland Properties. 

million, was consummated by Grande Rotunda and the Maryland Purchaser
for a purchase price of . Grande Rotunda received net proceeds from the sale of approximately million (inclusive of
approximately million in funds released from the Maryland Purchaser Escrow Payment during the second quarter of Fiscal 2022), after
payment of related mortgage debt in the amount of million, payment of loans (including interest) to each of the equity owners in
Grande Rotunda (FREIT with a interest and Rotunda 100, LLC Rotunda 100 with a interest) in the amount of approximately
 million, with FREIT receiving approximately million, and certain transactional expenses and transfer taxes including a brokerage
fee due to Hekemian Co. Hekemian Co., Inc. of approximately million (see Note 8). In addition, the Maryland
Purchaser deposited a total of of the Maryland Purchaser Escrow Payment in escrow with respect to certain leases at the Rotunda
Property, which have not been executed or where the rent commencement date has not occurred or economic obligations of Grande Rotunda
under certain leases remain unpaid. As of October 31, 2022, approximately of these funds has been released from escrow to Grande
Rotunda. The escrow and related gain on sale were reduced by approximately million due to a change in estimate in the second quarter
of Fiscal 2022 related to a change in the timing of anticipated rent commencement dates for certain tenants, which will reduce the escrowed
funds available to be released to Grande Rotunda. Approximately million of remaining funds are held in a post-closing escrow for
rents anticipated to be fully released in Fiscal 2023 and are included in Funds held in post-closing escrow on the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet as of October 31, 2022. The net proceeds from the sale were distributed to the equity owners in Grande Rotunda
with FREIT receiving approximately million based on its interest in Grande Rotunda. The sale of the Rotunda Property resulted
in a net gain of approximately million (as adjusted) which includes approximately million of proceeds released and anticipated
to be released from funds held in escrow, a write-off of the straight-line rent receivable of approximately million and a write-off
of unamortized lease commissions of approximately million. As of October 31, 2022, secured loans including accrued interest made
by certain members in Rotunda 100 of approximately million were repaid to FREIT. 

million, was consummated by WestFREIT and the Maryland Purchaser for
a purchase price of . WestFREIT received net proceeds from the sale of approximately million (inclusive of approximately
 million in funds released from the Maryland Purchaser Escrow Payment during the second quarter of Fiscal 2022), after payment of
related mortgage debt in the amount of approximately million and certain transactional expenses and 

74 

Table of Contents 

million (see Note 8). In addition, the Maryland Purchaser deposited a total
of of the Maryland Purchaser Escrow Payment in escrow with respect to certain leases at the Westridge Square Property, which
had not been executed or where the rent commencement date had not occurred or economic obligations of WestFREIT under certain leases
remained unpaid. As of October 31, 2022, approximately of these funds have been released from escrow with no remaining funds
held in post-closing escrow for rents anticipated to be released. The sale of the Westridge Square Property resulted in a net gain of
approximately million, which includes approximately million of proceeds released from funds held in escrow, a write-off of
the straight-line rent receivable of approximately million and a write-off of unamortized lease commissions of approximately 
million. 

million, was consummated by Damascus Centre and the Maryland Purchaser for
a purchase price of . Damascus Centre received net proceeds from the sale of approximately million (inclusive of approximately
 million in funds released from the Maryland Purchaser Escrow Payment during the second quarter of Fiscal 2022), after payment of
related mortgage debt in the amount of approximately million and the corresponding swap breakage fees of approximately 
related to the early termination of the interest rate swap contracts on this loan and certain transactional expenses and transfer taxes
including a brokerage fee due to Hekemian Co. of approximately million (see Note 8). In addition, the Maryland Purchaser deposited
a total of of the Maryland Purchaser Escrow Payment in escrow with respect to certain leases at the Damascus Property, which
had not been executed or where the rent commencement date had not occurred or economic obligations of Damascus Centre under certain leases
remained unpaid. As of October 31, 2022, approximately of these funds have been released from escrow with no remaining funds
held in post-closing escrow for rents anticipated to be released. The net proceeds from the sale were distributed to the partners in Damascus
Centre with FREIT receiving approximately million based on its interest in Damascus Centre. The sale of the Damascus Property
resulted in a net gain of approximately million, which includes approximately million of proceeds released from funds held
in escrow, a write-off of the straight-line rent receivable of approximately million and a write-off of unamortized lease commissions
of approximately million. 

million was consummated by the Maryland Sellers and the Maryland Purchaser for a purchase price
of , after giving effect to the Maryland Purchaser Escrow Payment. This sale resulted in net proceeds of approximately
 million (inclusive of approximately million in funds released from the Maryland Purchaser Escrow Payment during the second
quarter of Fiscal 2022), after payment of related mortgage debt in the amount of million and the corresponding swap breakage fees
of approximately related to the early termination of the interest rate swap contracts on the Damascus Property loan, payment
of loans (including interest) to each of the equity owners in Grande Rotunda in the amount of approximately million and certain transactional
expenses and transfer taxes including brokerage fees due to Hekemian Co. of approximately million. As of October 31, 2022,
approximately of the Maryland Purchaser Escrow Payment has been released from escrow to the Maryland Sellers. The escrow and
related gain on sale were reduced by approximately million due to a change in the second quarter of Fiscal 2022 related to a change
in the timing of anticipated rent commencement dates for certain tenants, which will reduce the escrowed funds available to be released
to Grande Rotunda. Approximately million of remaining funds are held in a post-closing escrow for rents anticipated to be fully released
in Fiscal 2023 and are included in Funds held in post-closing escrow on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of
October 31, 2022. The sale of the Maryland Properties resulted in a net gain of approximately million (as adjusted) (with a consolidated
impact to FREIT of approximately million) which includes approximately million of proceeds released and anticipated to be released
from funds held in escrow, a write-off of the straight-line rent receivable of approximately million and a write-off of unamortized
lease commissions of approximately million. 

million, or per share, which was paid
on August 30, 2022, to stockholders of record on August 16, 2022 (with an ex-dividend date of August 31, 2022). This distribution represented
most of the net proceeds of FREIT s sale of its portfolio of Maryland Properties. 

partnership interest in S A, which owned 
of the Pierre Towers property located in Hackensack, New Jersey through its interest in Pierre Towers, LLC. Accordingly, FREIT consolidated
the financial statements of S A and its subsidiary to include of the subsidiary s assets, liabilities, operations and
cash flows with the 

75 

Table of Contents 

undivided interest in the Pierre Towers property, which was formerly owned by S A. Based on the guidance of ASC 810,
 Consolidation , FREIT s investment in the TIC is accounted for under the equity method of accounting. While
FREIT s effective ownership percentage interest in the Pierre Towers property remained unchanged after the reorganization to a TIC,
FREIT no longer had a controlling interest as the TIC is now under joint control. Since FREIT retained a noncontrolling financial interest
in the TIC, and the deconsolidation of the subsidiary (as of February 28, 2020) was not the result of a nonreciprocal transfer to owners,
FREIT recognized a gain on deconsolidation in the amount of approximately million in the accompanying consolidated statement of
income for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2020. This gain was measured at the date of deconsolidation as the difference between the
fair value of the investment in the TIC at the date the entity was deconsolidated and the carrying amount of the former subsidiary s
assets and liabilities. 

million, million and million at October 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, with a loss on investment
of approximately , and , respectively, in the accompanying consolidated statements of income for the fiscal years
ended October 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

of rents collected. Management fees, charged to operations, were approximately and 
for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and for the period from February 28, 2020 through October
31, 2020. Hekemian Co. management fees outstanding at October 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately and , respectively.
The Pierre Towers property also uses the resources of the Hekemian Co. insurance department to secure various insurance coverages
for its property. Hekemian Co. is paid a commission for these services. Such commissions, charged to operations, were approximately
 and for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and for the period from February 28, 2020
through October 31, 2020. 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Tenants' security accounts 

Receivables and other assets 

Total assets 

Mortgages payable, net of unamortized debt issuance costs 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Tenants' security deposits 

Deferred revenue 

Equity 

Total liabilities equity 

FREIT's investment in TIC (65 interest) 

76 

Table of Contents 

Operating expenses 

Depreciation 

Operating income 

Interest expense including amortization 

of deferred financing costs 

Net loss 

FREIT's loss on investment in TIC (65 interest) 

Unimproved land 

Apartment buildings 
 - years 

Commercial buildings/shopping centers 
 - years 

Equipment/furniture 
 - years 

Total real estate, gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Total real estate, net 

Westwood, NJ (B) 

Wayne, NJ (C) 

River Edge, NJ (D) 

Red Bank, NJ (E) 

Wayne, NJ (F) 

Damascus, MD (G) 

Middletown, NY (H) 

Total fixed rate 

Westwood, NJ (I) 

Frederick, MD (J) 

Baltimore, MD (K) 

Line of credit - Provident Bank (L) 

Total variable rate 

Total 

77 

Table of Contents 

million loan (which would have matured on February 1, 2022) with a new loan held by ConnectOne Bank in the amount of , with additional funding available to be drawn upon in the amount of for corporate needs. This loan is interest-only and has a maturity date of with the option of FREIT to extend for from the maturity date, subject to certain provisions of the loan agreement. This refinancing will provide annual debt service savings of approximately as a result of the reduction in the principal amount, a reduction in the annual interest rate from a fixed rate of to a fixed rate of and interest-only payments being required under this new loan. The mortgage is secured by a residential building in Rockaway, New Jersey having a net book value of approximately as of October 31, 2022. (B) On January 14, 2013, FREIT refinanced its Westwood Plaza mortgage loan in the amount of million, with a new mortgage loan held by Valley National Bank in the amount of , which is payable in monthly installments of including interest at through February 1, 2023 at which time the outstanding balance is due. The mortgage is secured by a retail building in Westwood, New Jersey having a net book value of approximately as of October 31, 2022. The Company is in the process of extending this loan with the current lender, Valley National Bank, for one (1) year. Under the terms and conditions of this loan modification, the loan will be payable based on the existing monthly installments of 129,702 including a fixed interest rate based on the Wall Street Journal Prime at the time of the closing on this extension (currently approximately 7.00 ). Additionally, FREIT will be required to prepay the annualized principal and interest payments for one (1) year, which will be held in an account at Valley National Bank and will be used to make monthly payments on the loan. Management expects this loan to be modified/extended, however, until such time as a definitive agreement providing for a modification/extension of this loan is entered into, there can be no assurance this loan will be modified/extended. As a result of the negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic at this property, FREIT was granted debt payment relief from the lender in the form of deferral of principal and interest payments for a three-month period which ended June 30, 2020, resulting in total deferred payments of approximately , of which approximately related to deferred interest. These deferred payments are included in the mortgages payable on the consolidated balance sheets as of October 31, 2022 and 2021 and are due at the maturity of this loan. (C) On August 26, 2019, Berdan Court, LLC Berdan Court ), refinanced its million loan (which matured on September 1, 2019) with a new lender in the amount of . This refinancing resulted in: (i) a reduction in the annual interest rate from a fixed rate of to a fixed rate of and (ii) net refinancing proceeds of approximately million, which can be used for capital expenditures and general corporate purposes. The loan is interest-only for the first of the term with monthly installments of approximately each month through September 1, 2024. Thereafter, monthly installments of principal plus interest totaling approximately will be required each month until September 1, 2029 at which time the unpaid balance is due. The mortgage is secured by an apartment building in Wayne, New Jersey having a net book value of approximately as of October 31, 2022. (D) On November 19, 2013, FREIT refinanced mortgage loans scheduled to mature on with a new mortgage loan in the amount of payable in monthly installments of including interest at through December 1, 2023 at which time the outstanding balance is due. The mortgage is secured by an apartment building in River Edge, New Jersey having a net book value of approximately as of October 31, 2022. (E) On December 7, 2017, Station Place on Monmouth, LLC Station Place closed on a mortgage loan in the amount of held by Provident Bank to purchase the Station Place property in Red Bank, New Jersey. Interest-only payments were required each month for the first of the term and thereafter, principal payments plus accrued interest were required each month through maturity. The loan bears a floating interest rate equal to 180 basis points over the one-month BBA LIBOR with a maturity date of . In order to minimize interest rate volatility during the term of the loan, Station Place entered into an interest rate swap agreement that, in effect, converted the floating interest rate to a fixed interest rate of over the term of the loan. (See Note 6 for additional information relating to the interest rate swap.) The mortgage is secured by an apartment building in Red Bank, New Jersey having a net book value of approximately as of October 31, 2022. (F) On July 22, 2022, Wayne PSC, LLC Wayne
PSC refinanced its million loan (inclusive of deferred interest of approximately ), which would have matured on
October 1, 2026, on its Preakness Shopping center located in Wayne, New Jersey with a new loan held by ConnectOne Bank in the amount
of . This loan is interest-only based on a fixed interest rate of and has a term of with a maturity date of
 . Additionally, an interest reserve escrow was established at closing representing twelve months of interest of ,
which can be used to pay monthly interest on this loan with a requirement to replenish the escrow account back to when the
balance in the escrow account is reduced to three months of interest. This refinancing resulted in (i) annual debt service savings of
approximately due to interest-only payments; (ii) an increase in the interest rate from a fixed interest rate of to a
fixed interest rate of ; and (iii) net refinancing proceeds of approximately million which can be used for capital expenditures
and general corporate purposes. As part of the refinancing, Wayne PSC 

78 

Table of Contents 

million, which was recorded as a realized gain on the accompanying consolidated statement of income for year ended October 31, 2022. (See Note 6 for additional details) The mortgage is secured by a shopping center in Wayne, New Jersey having a net book value of approximately as of October 31, 2022 including approximately million classified as construction in progress. As of October 31, 2022 the interest reserve escrow account has a balance of . (G) On December 26, 2012, Damascus Centre, LLC Damascus Centre refinanced its construction loan with long-term financing provided by People s United Bank and the first tranche of the new loan was taken down in the amount of million and on April 22, 2016 the second tranche of this loan was taken down in the amount of . The loan had a maturity date of and bore a floating interest rate equal to 210 points over the one-month BBA LIBOR. In order to minimize interest rate volatility during the term of this loan, Damascus Centre entered into an interest rate swap agreement that, in effect, converted the floating interest rate to a fixed interest rate on each tranche of this loan, resulting in a fixed rate of over the term of the first tranche of this loan and a fixed rate of over the term of the second tranche of this loan. (See Note 6 for additional information relating to the interest rate swaps.) On January 10, 2022, the property owned by Damascus Centre was sold and a portion of the proceeds was used to pay off the approximately million then outstanding balance of this loan. (See Note 2 for additional details.) (H) On December 29, 2014, FREIT Regency, LLC Regency closed on a million mortgage loan with Provident Bank. The loan bears a floating interest rate equal to 125 basis points over the one-month BBA LIBOR and will mature on . Interest-only payments had been required each month through December 15, 2017 and thereafter, principal payments of (plus accrued interest) are required each month through maturity. In order to minimize interest rate volatility during the term of the loan, Regency entered into an interest rate swap agreement that, in effect, converted the floating interest rate to a fixed interest rate of over the term of the loan. (See Note 6 for additional information relating to the interest rate swap.) The mortgage is secured by an apartment complex in Middletown, New York having a net book value of as of October 31, 2022. (I) On September 30, 2020, Westwood Hills, LLC Westwood Hills refinanced its million loan (which would have matured on November 1, 2020) with a new loan held by ConnectOne Bank in the amount of , with additional funding available in the amount of for legal fees potentially incurred by the lender related to the lis pendens on this property. (See Note 14 for additional details in regards to the lis pendens.) This loan, is interest-only based on a floating rate at 400 basis points over the one-month LIBOR rate with a floor of and had a maturity date of with the option of Westwood Hills to extend for two (2) additional six (6)-month periods from the maturity date, subject to certain provisions of the loan agreement. This refinancing resulted in: (i) a change in the annual interest rate from a fixed rate of to a variable rate with a floor of and (ii) net refinancing proceeds of approximately million that were distributed to the partners in Westwood Hills with FREIT receiving approximately million based on its membership interest in Westwood Hills. (J) On April 28, 2017, WestFREIT, Corp. refinanced its million mortgage loan held by Wells Fargo Bank, with a new mortgage loan from Manufacturer s and Traders Trust Company M T Bank in the amount of million. The new loan had a floating interest rate equal to 275 basis points over the one-month LIBOR and had a maturity date of with the option to extend for 12 months. This refinancing resulted in: (i) a reduction in the annual interest rate from a fixed rate of to a variable rate and (ii) net refinancing proceeds of approximately million which have been used for general corporate purposes. The loan was payable in monthly installments of interest (as defined above) plus principal of through May 2018 and principal of from June 2018 through May 2019 at which time the outstanding balance became due. On April 3, 2019, WestFREIT, Corp. exercised its option to extend this loan, with a then outstanding balance of approximately million, for twelve months. Effective beginning on June 1, 2019, the extension of this loan required monthly principal payments of plus interest based on a floating interest rate equal to 240 basis points over the one-month LIBOR and had a maturity date of May 1, 2020. This loan was extended to November 1, 2020 and further extended to January 31, 2021 under the same terms and conditions of the previous agreement. WestFREIT, Corp. entered into a loan extension and modification agreement with M T Bank, effective beginning on February 1, 2021, which required monthly principal payments of plus interest based on a floating interest rate equal to 255 basis points over the one-month LIBOR and had a maturity date of January 31, 2022, with the option of WestFREIT, Corp. to extend 

79 

Table of Contents 

million then outstanding balance of this loan. (See Note 2 for additional details.) (K) On February 7, 2018, Grande Rotunda, LLC Grande Rotunda refinanced its million construction loan held by Wells Fargo with a new loan held by Aareal Capital Corporation in the amount of approximately million. This loan bore a floating interest rate at 285 basis points over the one-month LIBOR rate and had a maturity date of , with two one-year options to extend the maturity of this loan, subject to certain requirements as provided for in the loan agreement. Grande Rotunda had purchased an interest rate cap on LIBOR for the full amount that could have been drawn on this loan of million, capping the one-month LIBOR rate at for the first two years of this loan which matured on March 5, 2020. On February 28, 2020, Grande Rotunda purchased an interest rate cap on LIBOR, with an effective date of March 5, 2020, for the full amount that could have been drawn on this loan of million, capping the one-month LIBOR rate at for one year, which matured on March 5, 2021. Effective February 6, 2021, Grande Rotunda exercised the first extension option on this loan with a balance in the amount of approximately million, extending the loan one year with a new maturity date of February 6, 2022. Principal payments in the amount of were required upon exercise of the first loan extension option and per calendar quarter thereafter. Additionally, Grande Rotunda purchased an interest rate cap on LIBOR, with an effective date of March 5, 2021, for the loan amount of approximately million, capping the one-month LIBOR rate at for one year expiring on February 6, 2022. On December 30, 2021, the property owned by Grande Rotunda was sold and a portion of the proceeds was used to pay off the million then outstanding balance of this loan. (See Note 2 for additional details.) (L) FREIT s revolving line of credit provided by Provident Bank was renewed for a three-year term ending on . Draws against the credit line can be used for working capital needs and standby letters of credit. Draws against the credit line are secured by mortgages on FREIT s Franklin Crossing Shopping Center in Franklin Lakes, New Jersey and retail space in Glen Rock, New Jersey. The total line of credit is million and the interest rate on the amount outstanding is based on a floating interest rate of prime minus 25 basis points with a floor of . As of October 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no amount outstanding and million was available under the line of credit. 

Carrying Value, Net 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

80 

Table of Contents 

People s United Bank held the proceeds from this settlement
in escrow until the underlying loan was paid off in July 2022 and has been included as a realized gain on interest rate swap termination
on the accompanying consolidated statement of income for the year ended October 31, 2022. (See Note 5 for further details.) 

in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income representing the change
in the fair value of these cash flow hedges during such period. As of October 31, 2022, there was an asset of approximately for
the Regency swap and for the Station Place swap. For the year ended October 31, 2021, FREIT recorded an unrealized gain of approximately
 in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income representing the change in the fair value of these cash flow hedges during
such period. As of October 31, 2021, there was a liability of approximately for the Damascus Centre swaps, for the Wayne
PSC swap, for the Regency swap, for the Station Place swap and for the Grande Rotunda interest rate cap. For the
year ended October 31, 2020, FREIT recorded an unrealized loss of approximately in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
income representing the change in the fair value of these cash flow hedges during such period. 

million at October 31, 2022 to tenants for periods of up to twenty-five years. Most of the leases
contain clauses for reimbursement of real estate taxes, maintenance, insurance and certain other operating expenses of the properties.
Fixed lease income under our commercial operating leases generally includes fixed minimum lease consideration, which is accrued on a straight-line
basis over the terms of the leases. Variable lease income includes consideration based on sales, as well as reimbursements for real estate
taxes, maintenance, insurance and certain other operating expenses of the properties. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

. 

81 

Table of Contents 

for the subject property, which is the maximum available
under the Flood Program for the property. Any reconstruction of that portion of the property situated in the flood hazard zone is subject
to regulations promulgated by the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection ("NJDEP"), which could require extraordinary
construction methods. FREIT acquired the Westwood Plaza property in 1988, and the property has not experienced any flooding that gave
rise to any claims under FREIT s flood insurance in this time period. 

to of rents collected. Such fees, charged to operations, were approximately , ,
and in Fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In addition, the Management Agreement provides for the payment to Hekemian
 Co. of leasing commissions, as well as the reimbursement of certain operating expenses, such as payroll and insurance costs, incurred
on behalf of FREIT. Such commissions and reimbursements amounted to approximately , and in Fiscal 2022, 2021
and 2020, respectively. Total Hekemian Co. management fees outstanding at October 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 
and , respectively, and included in accounts payable on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. FREIT also uses the resources
of the Hekemian Co. insurance department to secure various insurance coverages for its properties and subsidiaries. Hekemian 
Co. is paid a commission for these services. Such commissions, charged to operations, were approximately , and 
in Fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

equity interest in Grande
Rotunda and Rotunda 100, LLC Rotunda 100 owns a equity interest in Grande Rotunda. The equity owners of Rotunda 100
are principally employees of Hekemian Co. To incentivize the employees of Hekemian Co, FREIT advanced, only to employees of
Hekemian Co., up to of the amount of the equity contributions that the Hekemian Co. employees were required to invest
in Rotunda 100. These advances were in the form of secured loans that bore interest at rates that floated at 225 basis points over the
ninety (90) day LIBOR, as adjusted each November 1, February 1, May 1 and August 1. These loans were secured by the Hekemian Co.
employees interests in Rotunda 100 and were full recourse loans. Interest only payments were required to be made when billed. 
 years after issue, which was June 19, 2015, or, (b) at the election
of FREIT, ninety (90) days after the borrower terminated employment with Hekemian Co., at which time all outstanding unpaid principal
and interest was due. On May 8, 2008, the Board approved amendments to the existing loan agreements with the Hekemian Co. employees,
relative to their interests in Rotunda 100, to increase the aggregate amount that FREIT may advance to such employees from million
to million. On June 4, 2015, the Board approved an extension of the maturity date of the secured loans to occur the earlier of (a)
June 19, 2018 or (b) five days after the closing of a permanent mortgage loan secured by the Rotunda property. On December 7, 2017, the
Board approved a further extension of the maturity dates of these loans to the date or dates upon which distributions of cash were made
by Grande Rotunda to its members as a result of a refinancing or sale of Grande Rotunda or the Rotunda property. 

and , respectively, at October 31, 2021
and was included in secured loans receivable on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. As of October 31, 2022, approximately 
million of the secured loans receivable (including accrued interest) were repaid to FREIT with no outstanding balance remaining of principal
or interest related to the Rotunda 100 notes. 

82 

Table of Contents 

million to the equity owners in Grande Rotunda based on their respective pro-rata share resulting in a loan repayment to Rotunda
100 of approximately million. As of October 31, 2021, Rotunda 100 had funded Grande Rotunda with approximately million (including
interest) which was included in Due to affiliate on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. On December 30, 2021, the
Rotunda Property, owned by Grande Rotunda, was sold and the net sales proceeds were distributed to the equity owners in Grande Rotunda.
(See Note 2 for further details.) Grande Rotunda repaid approximately million to the equity owners in Grande Rotunda resulting in
a loan repayment to Rotunda 100 of approximately million. As of October 31, 2022, all loans were repaid in full to each of the equity
owners in Grande Rotunda. 

, and ,
respectively. Fees incurred during Fiscal 2022 related to commissions to Hekemian Co. for the following: for the sale
of the Rotunda Property; for the sale of the Damascus Property; for the sale of the Westridge Square Property; 
for the refinancing of the loan on the Preakness Shopping Center; and for the refinancing of the loan on the Boulders property.
Fees incurred during Fiscal 2021 related to commissions to Hekemian Co. for the following: for the extension of the Grande
Rotunda loan; for the extension and modification of the WestFREIT, Corp. loan; for the renewal of FREIT s line of
credit. Fees incurred during Fiscal 2020 related to commissions to Hekemian Co. for the refinancing of the Westwood Hills loan.
The commissions related to the sale of the Rotunda Property, the Damascus Property and the Westridge Square Property were charged against
the gain on sale of the Maryland Properties (see Note 2) in the accompanying consolidated statement of income for the year ended October
31, 2022. The commissions for the refinancing of loans were deferred mortgage costs included in the unamortized debt issuance costs in
the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of October 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

, and ,
respectively, for Robert S. Hekemian, , and (including a adjustment in Fiscal 2020 related to the final
approved Fiscal 2019 compensation), respectively, for Robert S. Hekemian, Jr., , and , respectively, for Allan Tubin
and , and , respectively, for David Hekemian. (See Note 11 to FREIT s consolidated financial statements).
Such costs are included within operating expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements of income. 

per month during the term of the consulting agreement, which was payable in the form of shares on a quarterly basis (i.e. in quarterly
installments of ). The number of shares to be issued for each quarterly installment of the consulting fee was determined by dividing
the dollar amount of the consulting fee by the closing price of one share on the OTC Pink Open Market as of the close of trading on the
last trading day of the calendar quarter with respect to which such consulting fee was payable. For Fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, consulting
fee expense for Robert S. Hekemian was approximately , and , respectively. 

equity interest in Wayne
PSC and H-TPKE, LLC H-TPKE owns a equity interest in Wayne PSC. An aggregate of approximately of the membership
interests in H-TPKE is controlled by: Robert S. Hekemian, Jr., the Chief Executive Officer, President and a Director of FREIT and a shareholder
and officer of Hekemian Co.; David B. Hekemian, a Director of FREIT and a shareholder and officer of Hekemian Co.; the late
Robert S. Hekemian, the former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and consultant to FREIT and a former shareholder and former officer
of Hekemian Co.; members of the families of Robert S. Hekemian, Jr., David B. Hekemian and the late Robert S. Hekemian; and other
employees of Hekemian Co. On March 10, 2022, the equity owners in Wayne PSC, H-TPKE and FREIT, each entered into a grid promissory
note for funding Wayne PSC up to 

83 

Table of Contents 

and , respectively, based on each owner s respective pro-rata share of Wayne
PSC. During May 2022, Wayne PSC required funding by each of the owners totaling , with each owner contributing its respective
pro-rata share of Wayne PSC. As such, H-TPKE funded and FREIT funded . Wayne PSC repaid these loans in full (including
accrued interest) to each of the equity owners from the net proceeds received from the refinancing of the loan on the Preakness Shopping
Center in July 2022 (See Note 2). 

of its ordinary taxable income and of its capital gains from the sale
of the Maryland Properties to its stockholders as dividends for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022. FREIT distributed of its ordinary
taxable income to its stockholders as dividends for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021. There was no ordinary taxable income for the
fiscal year ended October 31, 2020 and no dividends were made/declared for Fiscal 2020. Accordingly, no provision for federal or state
income taxes related to such ordinary taxable income and such gains was recorded in FREIT s consolidated financial statements for
the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

of FREIT's shares (adjusted for stock splits) may be granted to key personnel in the form of stock options, restricted share awards and
other share-based awards. In connection therewith, the Board approved an increase of shares in FREIT's number of authorized shares.
Key personnel eligible for these awards include directors, executive officers and other persons or entities including, without limitation,
employees, consultants and employees of consultants, who are in a position to make significant contributions to the success of FREIT.
Under the Plan, the exercise price of all options will be the fair market value of the shares on the date of grant. The consideration
to be paid for restricted share and other share-based awards shall be determined by the Board, with the amount not to exceed the fair
market value of the shares on the date of grant. The maximum term of any award granted may not exceed ten years. The Board will determine
the actual terms of each award. 

shares for issuance under the Plan; and (b) extending the term
of the Plan until September 10, 2018. On April 5, 2018, FREIT stockholders approved amendments to the Plan to (a) increase the number
of shares reserved for issuance thereunder by an additional shares and (b) further extended the term of the Plan from September
10, 2018 to September 10, 2028. As of October 31, 2022, shares are available for issuance under the Plan. There was no impact
to the Plan or options previously granted as a result of the Reincorporation of FREIT with and into FREIT as discussed in Note 1. 

Options granted during year 

Options forfeited/cancelled during year 

Options exercised during year 

Options outstanding at end of year 

Options vested and expected to vest 

Options exercisable at end of year 

per share in exercise price for the options then outstanding under the Plan. As
a result of this modification of the exercise price for stock options outstanding under the Plan, the Company revalued its stock options
in accordance with ASC 718 and recorded an incremental stock compensation expense of approximately in the fourth quarter of
Fiscal 2022. 

84 

Table of Contents 

, and , respectively. At October 31, 2022,
there was approximately of unrecognized compensation cost relating to outstanding non-vested stock options to be recognized over
the remaining weighted average vesting period of approximately years. The aggregate intrinsic value of options vested and expected
to vest and options exercisable at October 31, 2022 was approximately and , respectively. In Fiscal 2022, options
were exercised for an aggregate amount of approximately million. 

per annum, compounded quarterly. Any such deferred fee was to be paid to the participants at the later of: (i) the retirement age
specified in the deferral election; (ii) actual retirement; or (iii) upon cessation of a participant's duties as an officer or director. 

-year Treasury Bond interest rate plus basis points); and (iii) dividends payable in respect of share units allocated to participants
in the Deferred Fee Plan as a result of deferrals described above. The number of share units credited to a participant s account
was determined by the closing price of FREIT shares on the date as set forth in the Deferred Fee Plan. 

and ,
respectively, which have been paid through the issuance of and , vested FREIT share units, respectively, based on the closing
price of FREIT shares on the dates as set forth in the Deferred Fee Plan. For the years ended October 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, FREIT has
charged as expense approximately , and , respectively, representing deferred director fees and interest, and
the balance of approximately , and , respectively, representing dividends payable in respect of share units allocated
to Plan participants, has been charged to equity. 

years, at the election of the participant. As of October 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately and
 , respectively, of fees has been deferred together with accrued interest of approximately and , respectively. 

per share), per share) and , respectively, to stockholders of record during Fiscal 2022, 2021 and
2020. 

85 

Table of Contents 

shares with an impact of approximately on earnings
per share. For Fiscal 2021 and 2020, the outstanding stock options increased the average dilutive shares outstanding by approximately
 and shares, respectively, with no impact on earnings per share. There were no anti-dilutive shares for the year ended October
31, 2022. There were approximately and , respectively, anti-dilutive shares for the years ended October 31, 2021 and 2020.
Anti-dilutive shares consist of out-of-the money stock options under the Equity Incentive Plan (see Note 10). 

86 

Table of Contents 

Residential 

Total real estate rental revenue 

Real estate operating expenses: 

Commercial 

Residential 

Total real estate operating expenses 

Net operating income: 

Commercial 

Residential 

Total net operating income 

Recurring capital improvements - residential 

Reconciliation to consolidated net income attributable to common equity: 

Segment NOI 

Deferred rents - straight lining 

Investment income 

Third party transaction costs 

Net gain on sale of Maryland properties 

Net realized gain on Wayne PSC interest rate swap termination 

Gain on deconsolidation of subsidiary 

Loss on investment in tenancy-in-common 

General and administrative expenses 

Depreciation 

Tenant improvement write-off due to COVID-19 

Financing costs 

Net income 

Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries 

Net income attributable to common equity 

of the Sellers ownership interests in six real properties held by the Sellers in exchange
for the purchase price described therein, subject to the terms and conditions of the Purchase and Sale Agreement. On April 30, 2020,
the Sellers delivered written notice to the Purchaser of the Sellers termination of the Purchase and Sale Agreement in accordance
with its terms due to the occurrence of a Purchaser Default thereunder, based on the Purchaser s failure to perform
its obligations under the Purchase and Sale Agreement and close the transactions contemplated therein. 

million (the Deposit ), in the form of
an unconditional, irrevocable letter of credit in such amount (the Letter of Credit ). The Purchase and Sale Agreement provides
that the Sellers exclusive remedy, in the event of a Purchaser Default and the termination of the Purchase and Sale
Agreement, is the forfeiture of the Deposit to the Sellers as liquidated damages. Accordingly, contemporaneously with the Sellers 
delivery of the termination notice to the Purchaser, the Sellers delivered written notice to the escrow agent requesting that the escrow
agent release the Letter of Credit from escrow and deliver same to the Sellers. 

87 

Table of Contents 

million deposit under the Purchase and Sale Agreement be returned to the Purchaser, and compensatory, consequential
and incidental damages in an amount to be determined at trial; and (e) attorneys fees and costs. 

million deposit under the Purchase and Sale Agreement to the Sellers. On April 28, 2021, the Sellers
amended the Answer to include (1) counterclaims against the Purchaser for breach of contract due to the Purchaser s breach of confidentiality
and non-disclosure obligations contained in the Purchase and Sale Agreement, and (2) third-party claims against Purchaser s affiliate
Kushner Realty Acquisition LLC for breach of its confidentiality and non-disclosure obligations contained in the non-disclosure agreement
entered into by the parties in connection with the negotiation of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase and Sale Agreement, based
on the conduct of the Purchaser and its affiliates after the Sellers terminated the Purchase and Sale Agreement. 

million, as
provided in the Purchase and Sale Agreement; (b) in the alternative to the liquidated damages provided for in the Purchase and Sale Agreement,
money damages in an amount to be determined at trial; (c) interest, attorneys fees and costs associated with the defense of the
Purchaser s claims and the prosecution of the Sellers counterclaims against the Purchaser, as provided for in the Purchase
and Sale Agreement; (d) judgment declaring that the Sellers properly terminated the Purchase and Sale Agreement due to the Purchaser s
default thereunder; (e) judgment declaring that the Purchaser must authorize the escrow agent to release the million deposit to the
Sellers; (f) an order enjoining the Purchaser and its affiliates from engaging in further breaches of the Purchase and Sale Agreement
and non-disclosure agreement, and compelling the Purchaser and its affiliates to return the Sellers confidential information and
materials and to use best efforts to ensure the return of the Sellers confidential information and materials from third parties
to whom the Purchaser and/or its affiliates provided such materials; and (g) such other relief as the Court deems just and equitable. 

million held in escrow be returned to the Plaintiff. 

88 

Table of Contents 

in attorneys fees and denying
the Plaintiff s request for attorneys fees (the December 8 Order ). Upon entering the December 8 Order, the
Court had adjudicated all unresolved issues in the action. 

in attorneys fees and denying the Purchaser s
request for attorneys fees. 

million
deposit has not been included in income in the accompanying consolidated statement of income. During the years ended October 31, 2022,
2021 and 2020, the Special Committee of the Board Special Committee incurred on behalf of the Company third party transaction
costs for advisory, legal and other expenses primarily related to the Purchase and Sale Agreement and the Plan of Liquidation discussed
in Note 15 in the amount of approximately , and , respectively. On April 30, 2020, the Sellers delivered written notice
to the Purchaser of the Sellers termination of the Purchase and Sale Agreement and on May 7, 2020 the Board approved the elimination
of the Special Committee. No further transaction costs were incurred thereafter. Legal costs attributed to the legal proceeding between
FREIT and certain of its affiliates and Sinatra Properties, LLC have been incurred in the amount of approximately , 
and for the years ended October 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are included in operating expenses on the consolidated
statements of income. 

89 

Table of Contents 

million and million (with
a consolidated impact to FREIT of approximately million, million and million), respectively, was classified as a reduction
in rental revenue based on our assessment of the probability of collecting substantially all of the remaining rents for certain tenants.
During the period beginning March 2020 through October 31, 2021, FREIT has applied, net of amounts subsequently paid back by tenants,
an aggregate of approximately of security deposits from its commercial tenants to outstanding receivables due. During the year
ended October 31, 2022, there were no security deposits from its commercial tenants applied to outstanding receivables due. On a case
by case basis, FREIT has offered some commercial tenants deferrals of rent over a specified time period totaling approximately , 
and (with a consolidated impact to FREIT of approximately , and and rent abatements totaling approximately
 , and (with a consolidated impact to FREIT of approximately , and for the fiscal years
ended October 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

million and a straight-line rent receivable of approximately 
million were reversed against revenue, and unamortized leasing commissions in the amount of approximately million were written off
and fully expensed in Fiscal 2020 resulting in a net impact to net income of approximately million (with a consolidated impact to
FREIT of approximately million) for the year ended October 31, 2020. Tenant improvements related to the Cobb Theatre with a net book
value of approximately million (with a consolidated impact to FREIT of approximately million) as of October 31, 2020 were deemed
to be impaired, written off and charged to operations in the consolidated statement of income for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2020.
On December 30, 2021, the Rotunda property owned by Grande Rotunda was sold. (See Note 2 for additional details.) 

, which will become due at the maturity of the loans. As of October 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately 
and , respectively, of this amount has been repaid, there will be no further deferrals of principal and/or interest payments on
these loans and the balance due has been included in mortgages payable on the consolidated balance sheets as of October 31, 2022 and 2021.
(See Note 5) 

90 

Table of Contents 

Expenses, net 
 )(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 

Net income (loss) 

Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries 
 )(a) 
 (b) 
 )(c) 
 (d) 

Net income (loss) attributable to common equity 

Earnings (Loss) per share - basic 
 (a) 
 )(b) 
 (c) 
 )(d) 

Earnings (Loss) per share - diluted 
 (a) 
 )(b) 
 (c) 
 )(d) 

Dividends declared per share 

(e) 

Expenses, net 

Net income (loss) 

Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries 

Net income attributable to common equity 

Earnings per share - basic and diluted 

Dividends declared per share 

million gain on sale
of the Maryland Properties with a consolidated impact to FREIT of approximately million per share basic and 
per share diluted). 

million reduction in
gain on sale of the Maryland Properties with a consolidated impact to FREIT of approximately million per share
basic and diluted). 

million
realized gain on Wayne PSC interest rate swap termination with a consolidated impact to FREIT of approximately 
million per share basic and diluted). 

million for the incremental compensation cost attributed to the revaluation of the stock options modified on September
9, 2022 per share basic and diluted). 

million for the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2021, of which approximately million related to Fiscal 2020 and approximately million related to prior quarters in Fiscal 2021. 

91 

Table of Contents 

FIRST REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST OF NEW JERSEY,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED
DEPRECIATION 

OCTOBER 31, 2022 

(In Thousands of Dollars) 

- years 
 
 Berdan Court, Wayne, NJ 

- years 
 
 Westwood Hills, Westwood, NJ 

- 
 
 - years 
 
 Boulders - Rockaway, NJ 

- 
 / 
 - years 
 
 Regency Club - Middletown, NY 

- years 
 
 Station Place - Red Bank, NJ 

- years 

Commercial Properties: 

Franklin Crossing, Franklin Lakes, NJ 

- years 
 
 Glen Rock, NJ 

- years 
 
 Westwood Plaza, Westwood, NJ 

- years 
 
 Preakness S/C, Wayne, NJ 

- years 

Land Leased: 

Rockaway, NJ 

/ 

Vacant Land: 

` 

Franklin Lakes, NJ 

/ 

Wayne, NJ 

Rockaway, NJ 

/ 

million and million, respectively. 

92 

Table of Contents 

Additions - Buildings and improvements 

Disposals - Buildings and improvements 

Tenant improvement write-off due to COVID-19 

Sale of property 

Deconsolidation of subsidiary 

Balance, end of year 

Accumulated depreciation: 

Balance, Beginning of year 

Additions - Charged to operating expenses 

Tenant improvement write-off due to COVID-19 - Charged to operating expenses 

Disposals - Buildings and improvements 

Sale of property 

Deconsolidation of subsidiary 

Balance, end of year 

93 

Table of Contents 

FIRST REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST OF NEW JERSEY,
INC. FREIT 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of First Real Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to FREIT s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A filed on March 26, 2021.) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws of First Real Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Appendix B to FREIT s Registration Statement on Form S-4A filed on March 26, 2021.) 
 
 4 
 
 Form of Specimen Share Certificate, Beneficial Interest in FREIT. 

10.1 
 
 Management Agreement dated April 10, 2002, by and between FREIT Maryland and Hekemian Co., Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to FREIT s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2009 and filed with the SEC on January 14, 2010) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Indemnification Agreements by Damascus 100, LLC and Rotunda 100, LLC to FREIT. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 , respectively, to FREIT s 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2008 and filed with the SEC on June 9, 2008) 

10.3 
 
 Notes
 to Hekemian employees relative to their investments in each of Grande Rotunda, LLC and Damascus Centre, LLC and the related
 documents (pledge and security agreements and amendments). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 10.3.1 , 10.3.2 ,
 10.3.3 , 10.3.4 , 10.3.5 , 10.3.6 , 10.3.7 , 10.3.8 , 10.3.9 , 10.3.10 , 10.3.11 , 10.3.12 , 10.3.13 , 10.3.14 , 10.3.15 , 10.4.1 ,
 10.4.2 , 10.4.3 , 10.4.4 , 10.4.5 , 10.4.6 , 10.4.7 , 10.4.8 , 10.4.9 and 10.4.10 , respectively, to
 FREIT s 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2008 and filed with the SEC on
 June 9, 2008) 

10.4 
 
 Agency Agreement dated August 13, 2008 between Damascus Centre, LLC and Hekemian Development Resources, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to FREIT s 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2008 and filed with the SEC on September 9, 2008) 

10.5 
 
 Agency Agreement dated November 10, 2009 between Grande Rotunda, LLC and Hekemian Development Resources, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to FREIT s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2010 and filed with the SEC on June 9, 2010) 

10.6 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Agency Agreement dated as of July 24, 2012 between Grande Rotunda, LLC and Hekemian Resources Development, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to FREIT s Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2013 and filed with the SEC on January 14, 2014) 

10.7 
 
 Line of Credit Note in the principal amount of 18 million executed by FREIT as Borrower, and delivered to The Provident Bank, as Lender, in connection with the Credit Facility provided by The Provident Bank to FREIT. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to FREIT s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2009 and filed with the SEC on January 14, 2010.) 

10.8 
 
 Amended and Restated Deferred Fee Plan, adopted as of October 31, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to FREIT s Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2014 and filed with the SEC on January 14, 2015) 

10.9 
 
 Amendment No.2 to Amended and Restated Deferred Fee Plan, adopted May 7, 2015. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to FREIT s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2015 and filed with the SEC on September 9, 2015) 

10.10 
 
 Property Management Agreement dated February 28, 2020 between Pierre Towers LLC and Hekemian Co. Inc.(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to FREIT s Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2020 and filed with the SEC on January 29, 2021). 

10.11 
 
 Line of Credit Note in the principal amount of 13 million executed by FREIT as Borrower, and delivered to Provident Bank, as Lender, in connection with the Credit Facility provided by Provident Bank to FREIT. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to FREIT s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 and filed with the SEC on January 28, 2022) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement dated November 22, 2021 by and among WestFREIT Corp., Damascus Centre, LLC and Grande Rotunda, LLC as Sellers and MCB Acquisition Company LLC as Purchaser. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to FREIT s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 and filed with the SEC on January 28, 2022) 

94 

Table of Contents 

10.13 
 
 First Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement dated December 22, 2021 by and among WestFREIT Corp., Damascus Centre, LLC and Grande Rotunda, LLC as Sellers and MCB Acquisition Company LLC as Purchaser. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to FREIT s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 and filed with the SEC on January 28, 2022) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Second Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement dated December 23, 2021 by and among WestFREIT Corp., Damascus Centre, LLC and Grande Rotunda, LLC as Sellers and MCB Acquisition Company LLC as Purchaser. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to FREIT s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 and filed with the SEC on January 28, 2022) 

10.15 
 
 Third Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement dated December 28, 2021 by and among WestFREIT Corp., Damascus Centre, LLC and Grande Rotunda, LLC as Sellers and MCB Acquisition Company LLC as Purchaser. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to FREIT s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 and filed with the SEC on January 28, 2022) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement dated December 30, 2021 by and among WestFREIT Corp., Damascus Centre, LLC and Grande Rotunda, LLC as Sellers and MCB Acquisition Company LLC as Purchaser. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to FREIT s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 and filed with the SEC on January 28, 2022) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Fifth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement dated January 7, 2022 by and among WestFREIT Corp., Damascus Centre, LLC and Grande Rotunda, LLC as Sellers and MCB Acquisition Company LLC as Purchaser. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to FREIT s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 and filed with the SEC on January 28, 2022) 
 
 21 
 
 Subsidiaries of FREIT 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of EisnerAmper LLP 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) - Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 
 31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) - Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 
 32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 
 101 
 
 The following materials from FREIT s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language iXBRL ): (i) consolidated balance sheets; (ii) consolidated statements of income; (iii) consolidated statements of comprehensive income; (iv) consolidated statements of equity; (v) consolidated statements of cash flows; and (vi) notes to consolidated financial statements. 

FREIT will furnish a copy of any exhibit not included herewith upon request
and upon payment of FREIT s reasonable expenses in furnishing such exhibit. 

95 

<EX-21>
 2
 ex21.htm
 EX-21

EXHIBIT 21 

 SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT 

Name 
 
 State of Formation and Organization 
 
 Trade Name 

Damascus Centre, LLC 
 
 New Jersey 

Westwood Hills, LLC 
 
 New Jersey 
 
 Westwood Hills 

Wayne PSC, LLC 
 
 New Jersey 
 
 Preakness S/C 

Grande Rotunda, LLC 
 
 Maryland 

WestFREIT, Corp. 
 
 Maryland 

FREIT Regency, LLC 
 
 New Jersey 
 
 Regency Club 

Station Place on Monmouth, LLC 
 
 New Jersey 
 
 Station Place 

Berdan Court, LLC 
 
 New Jersey 
 
 Berdan Court 

96 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm
 EX-23.1

EXHIBIT 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the
Registration Statements of First Real Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey, Inc. on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-79555, 333-142675, 333-201922
and 333-224712) of our report dated January 27, 2023, on our audits of the financial statements and financial statement schedule as of
October 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the years in the three-year period ended October 31, 2022, which report is included in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed on or about January 27, 2023. 

/s/ EisnerAmper LLP 

EISNERAMPER LLP 

 New York, New York 

 January 27, 2023 

97 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Robert S. Hekemian, Jr., certify that: 

 1. I have reviewed this report
on Form 10-K of First Real Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey, Inc.; 

 2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

 4. The registrant s other
certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

 (a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 (b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

 (c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

 (d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

 5. The registrant s other
certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 (a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

 (b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: January 27, 2023 
 
 /s/ Robert S. Hekemian, Jr. 

Robert S. Hekemian, Jr. 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

98 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Allan Tubin, certify that: 

 1. I have reviewed this report
on Form 10-K of First Real Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey, Inc.; 

 2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

 4. The registrant s other
certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

 (a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 (b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

 (c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

 (d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

 5. The registrant s other
certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 (a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

 (b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: January 27, 2023 
 
 /s/ Allan Tubin 

Allan Tubin 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

99 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of First Real
Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2022 (the Report ),
I, Robert S. Hekemian, Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350,
as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d), and, 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: January 27, 2023 
 
 /s/ Robert S. Hekemian, Jr. 

Robert S. Hekemian, Jr. 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

100 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm
 EX-32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of First Real
Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2022 (the Report ),
I, Allan Tubin, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted
pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d), and, 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: January 27, 2023 
 
 /s/ Allan Tubin 

Allan Tubin 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

101 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 frevsob-20221031.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 frevsob-20221031_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 frevsob-20221031_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 frevsob-20221031_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 frevsob-20221031_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

