<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_9326_0001628280-23-005074.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15269055</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>599896</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2572778</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5358501</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3405972</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3046432</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-005074.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224164302
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-005074
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		130
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BALCHEM CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000009326
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CHEMICALS & ALLIED PRODUCTS [2800]
		IRS NUMBER:				132578432
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13648
		FILM NUMBER:		23668087

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5 PARAGON DRIVE
		CITY:			MONTVALE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07645
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(845) 326-5600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5 PARAGON DRIVE
		CITY:			MONTVALE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07645

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-005074.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 bcpc-20221231.htm
 10-K

bcpc-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR SECTION 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _____ to _____ 
 Commission file number: 
 _______________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 oration 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading symbol Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 (Check one): 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the common stock, par value .06-2/3 per share (the Common Stock ), issued and outstanding and held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based upon the closing price for the Common Stock on the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC on June 30, 2022 was approximately . For purposes of this calculation, shares of the Registrant held by directors and officers of the Registrant and under the Registrant s 401(k)/profit sharing plan have been excluded. 
 The number of shares outstanding of Common Stock was as of February 10, 2023. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, other than purely historical information, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements are not statements of historical facts, but rather reflect our current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and results. We generally use the words believe, expect, intend, plan, anticipate, likely, will, would, will be, will continue, will likely result, estimate, project, forecast, outlook, strategy, future, opportunity, may, should, or the negative thereof or variations thereon or similar expressions generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements, including those concerning our expectations, involve risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The risks, uncertainties and factors that could cause our results to differ materially from our expectations and beliefs include, but are not limited to, those factors set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under Item 1A. - Risk Factors. You should read that information in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 of this report and our Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes in Item 8 of this report. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Table of Contents 

 BALCHEM CORPORATION 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Numbers PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 7 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 15 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 15 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 15 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 15 
 Information about Our Executive Officers 
 16 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 17 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 19 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 26 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 27 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 72 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 72 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 73 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 74 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 74 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 74 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 74 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 74 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement schedules 
 75 
 SIGNATURE PAGE 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business (All amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 General 
 Balchem Corporation Balchem, the Company, we or us ), was incorporated in the State of Maryland in 1967. We develop, manufacture, distribute and market specialty performance ingredients and products for the nutritional, food, pharmaceutical, animal health, medical device sterilization, plant nutrition and industrial markets. Our three reportable segments are strategic businesses that offer products and services to different markets: Human Nutrition and Health, Animal Nutrition and Health, and Specialty Products. Sales and production of products outside of our reportable segments and other minor business activities are included in "Other and Unallocated". 
 We sell our products through our own sales force, independent distributors and sales agents. Financial information concerning our business, business segments and geographic information appears in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under Item 7 below and in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 below, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Human Nutrition and Health 
 The Human Nutrition and Health ("HNH") segment provides human grade choline nutrients and mineral amino acid chelated products through this segment for nutrition and health applications. Choline is recognized to play a key role in the development and structural integrity of brain cell membranes in infants, processing dietary fat, reproductive development and neural functions, such as memory and muscle function. The Company's mineral amino acid chelates, specialized mineral salts, and mineral complexes are used as raw materials for inclusion in premier human nutrition products; proprietary technologies have been combined to create an organic molecule in a form the body can readily assimilate. Sales growth for human nutrition applications is reliant on differentiation from lower-cost competitive products through scientific data, intellectual property and customers' appreciation of brand value. Consequently, the Company makes investments in such activities for long-term value differentiation. This segment also serves the food and beverage industry for beverage, bakery, dairy, confectionary, and savory manufacturers. The Company partners with its customers from ideation through commercialization to bring on-trend beverages, baked goods, confections, dairy and meat products to market. The Company has expertise in trends analysis and product development. With its strong manufacturing capabilities in customized spray dried and emulsified powders, extrusion and agglomeration, blended lipid systems, liquid flavor delivery systems, juice and dairy bases, chocolate systems, ice cream bases and variegates, the Company is a one-stop solutions provider for beverage and dairy product development needs. Additionally, this segment provides microencapsulation solutions to a variety of applications in food, pharmaceutical and nutritional ingredients to enhance performance of nutritional fortification, processing, mixing, and packaging applications and shelf-life. Major product applications are baked goods, refrigerated and frozen dough systems, processed meats, seasoning blends, confections, sports and protein bars, dietary plans, and nutritional supplements. The Company also creates cereal systems for ready-to-eat cereals, grain-based snacks, and cereal based ingredients. Through the Kappa and Bergstrom acquisitions, respectively, this segment recently began manufacturing specialty vitamin K2, which is a fast-growing specialty vitamin that plays a crucial role in the human body for bone health, heart health and immunity, and methylsulfonylmethane ("MSM"), which is a widely used nutritional ingredient that provides benefits for joint health, sports nutrition, skin and beauty, and healthy aging. 
 Animal Nutrition and Health 
 
 The Company s Animal Nutrition and Health ("ANH") segment provides nutritional products derived from its microencapsulation and chelation technologies in addition to the essential nutrient choline chloride. For ruminant animals, the Company s microencapsulated products boost health and milk production by delivering nutrient supplements that are biologically available, providing required nutritional levels. The Company s proprietary chelation technology provides enhanced nutrient absorption for various species of production and companion animals and is marketed for use in animal feed throughout the world. ANH also manufactures and supplies choline chloride, an essential nutrient for monogastric animal health, predominantly to the poultry, pet and swine industries. Choline, which is manufactured and sold in both dry and aqueous forms, plays a vital role in the metabolism of fat. In poultry, choline deficiency can result in reduced growth rates and perosis in young birds, while in swine production choline is a necessary and required component of gestating and lactating sow diets for both liver health and prevention of leg deformity. Through the Bergstrom acquisition, this segment recently began manufacturing methylsulfonylmethane ("MSM"), which is a widely used nutritional ingredient that provides benefits for pet health. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Sales of value-added encapsulated products are highly dependent on overall industry economics as well as the Company's ability to leverage the results of university and field research on the animal health and production benefits of our products. Management believes that success in the commodity-oriented choline chloride marketplace is highly dependent on the Company s ability to maintain its strong reputation for excellent product quality and customer service. The Company continues to drive production efficiencies in order to maintain its competitive-cost position to effectively compete in a competitive global marketplace. 
 
 Specialty Products 
 
 The Company re-packages and distributes a number of performance gases and chemicals for various uses by its customers, notably ethylene oxide, propylene oxide, and ammonia. Ethylene oxide is sold as a sterilant gas, primarily for use in the health care industry. It is used to sterilize a wide range of medical devices because of its versatility and effectiveness in treating hard or soft surfaces, composites, metals, tubing and different types of plastics without negatively impacting the performance of the device being sterilized. Contract sterilizers and medical device manufacturers are principal customers for this product. Propylene oxide is marketed and sold as a fumigant to aid in the control of insects and microbiological spoilage; and to reduce bacterial and mold contamination in certain shelled and processed nut meats, processed spices, cacao beans, cocoa powder, raisins, figs and prunes, and for various chemical synthesis applications, such as increasing paint durability and manufacturing specialty starches and textile coatings. Ammonia is used primarily as a refrigerant, and also for heat treatment of metals and various chemical synthesis applications, and is distributed in reusable and recyclable drum and cylinder packaging approved for use in the countries these products are shipped to. 
 
 The Company s performance gases and chemicals are distributed worldwide in specially designed, reusable and recyclable drum and cylinder packaging, to assure compliance with safety, quality and environmental standards as outlined by the applicable regulatory agencies in the countries our products are shipped to. The Company s inventory of these specially built drums and cylinders, along with its five filling facilities, represents a significant capital investment. The Company also sells single use canisters for use in sterilizing re-usable devices typically processed in autoclave units in hospitals. 
 
 The Company s micronutrient agricultural nutrition business sells chelated minerals primarily to producers of high value crops. The Company has a unique and patented two-step approach to solving mineral deficiency in plants to optimize health, yield and shelf-life. First, the Company determines optimal mineral balance for plant health. The Company then has a foliar applied Metalosate product range, utilizing patented amino acid chelate technology. Its products quickly and efficiently deliver mineral nutrients. As a result, the farmer/grower gets healthier crops that are more resistant to disease and pests, larger yields and healthier food for the consumer with extended shelf life for produce being shipped long distances. 
 Acquisitions 
 On August 30, 2022, our wholly-owned subsidiary Albion Laboratories, Inc. ("Albion") entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement, and closed on such transaction with Cardinal Associates Inc. ("Cardinal"), a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Washington, pursuant to which Albion acquired Cardinal and its Bergstrom Nutrition business (collectively, "Bergstrom"). Bergstrom is a leading science-based manufacturer of methylsulfonylmethane ("MSM"), based in Vancouver, Washington. Details related to the Bergstrom acquisition are disclosed in Note 2, Significant Acquisitions. The acquisition provides a synergistic scientific advantage in the Company's key strategic therapeutic focus areas such as longevity and performance and is a strong fit with the Company's specialty, science-backed mineral products, which should ultimately lead to growth for the Company's portfolios within the Human Nutrition and Health and Animal Nutrition and Health segments. 
 On June 21, 2022, we and our wholly-owned subsidiary, Balchem B.V., completed the acquisition of Kechu BidCo AS and its subsidiary companies, including Kappa Bioscience AS, a leading science-based manufacturer of specialty vitamin K2 for the human nutrition industry, headquartered in Oslo, Norway (all acquired companies collectively referred to as Kappa ). Details related to the Kappa acquisition are disclosed in Note 2, Significant Acquisitions. The acquisition strengthens our scientific and technical expertise, geographic reach, and marketplace leadership, which should ultimately lead to accelerated growth for the Company's portfolios within the Human Nutrition and Health segment. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Raw Materials 
 
 The raw materials utilized by us in the manufacture of our products are sourced from suppliers both domestically and internationally. Such raw materials include materials derived from petrochemicals, minerals, metals, agricultural commodities and other readily available commodities and are subject to price fluctuations due to market conditions. In 2022, we continued to experience some difficulties in procuring certain materials due to the challenging macroeconomic environment with global supply chain disruptions because of the COVID-19 pandemic as well as significant inflation on raw materials. However, we were able to secure most necessary materials from our suppliers and will strive to ensure a sustainable supply chain to support our growing business operations. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We currently hold over 150 patents in the United States and overseas and use certain trade-names and trademarks. We also use know-how, trade secrets, formulae, and manufacturing techniques that assist in maintaining competitive positions of certain of our products. Formulae and know-how are of particular importance in the manufacture of a number of our proprietary products. We believe that our patents, in the aggregate, are advantageous to our business. However, we do not believe we are materially dependent on any particular patent or any particular group of patents. We believe that our sales and competitive position are dependent primarily upon the quality of our products, technical sales efforts and market conditions, rather than on patent protection. 
 Seasonality 
 While in general, the businesses of our segments are not seasonal to any material extent, the plant nutrition business within Specialty Products is a seasonal business with the vast majority of sales occurring in the first half of the year, based on the planting season in the northern hemisphere. 
 Backlog 
 At December 31, 2022, we had a total backlog of 47,022 (comprised of 31,550 for the HNH segment; 11,983 for the ANH segment; 2,980 for the Specialty Products segment, and 509 for other), as compared to a total backlog of 65,661 at December 31, 2021 (comprised of 45,393 for the HNH segment; 14,483 for the ANH segment; 4,935 for the Specialty Products segment and 850 for other). It has generally been our policy and practice to maintain an inventory of finished products and/or component materials for our segments to enable us to ship products within two months after receipt of a product order. This was more difficult in 2021 given the macroeconomic and supply chain challenges we experienced, but those challenges eased in the second half of 2022 and all orders in the current backlog are expected to be filled in the 2023 fiscal year. 
 Competition 
 Our competitors include many large and small companies, some of which have greater financial, research and development, production and other resources than us. Competition in the supplement, food and beverage markets we serve are based primarily on product performance, customer support, quality, service and price. The development of new and improved products is important to our success. This competitive environment requires substantial investments in product and manufacturing process research and development. In addition, the winning and retention of customer acceptance of our food and nutrition products involve substantial expenditures for application testing, either internally or at customer/prospect sites, and sales efforts. Our competition in this market includes a variety of ingredient and nutritional supplement companies, many of which are privately-held. Therefore, it is difficult to assess the size of all of our segment competitors or where we rank in comparison to such privately-held competitors. 
 Competition in the animal feed and industrial markets we serve are based primarily on product performance, customer support, quality, service and price. The markets for our products are subject to competitive risks because these markets are highly price competitive. Our competition in this market includes a variety of animal nutrition and health ingredient companies, along with certain industrial companies, many of which are privately-held. Therefore, we are unable to assess the size of all of our competitors or where we rank in comparison to such privately-held competitors. 
 In the Specialty Products segment, competition within Performance Gases is based primarily on service, reliability, quality, and price. Our competition in this market varies globally, many of which are regional privately-held companies. We also face competition from alternate technologies or substitute products. In our plant nutrition business, competition is based primarily on product performance, customer support, quality, and price. The development of new and improved products is also important to our ability to compete. Our competition in this market is primarily regional privately-held companies. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Research and Development 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we incurred research and development expenses of approximately 12,191, 13,524, and 10,332, respectively, on Company-sponsored research and development for new products, improvements to existing products, and manufacturing processes. We have historically funded our research and development programs with funds available from current operations with the intent of recovering those costs from profits derived from future sales of products resulting from, or enhanced by, the research and development effort. 
 We prioritize our product development activities in an effort to allocate resources to those product candidates that, we believe, have the greatest commercial potential. Factors we consider in determining the products to pursue include projected markets and needs, status of our proprietary rights, technical feasibility, expected and known product attributes, and estimated costs to bring the product to market. 
 Capital Projects 
 We continue to invest in projects across all production facilities and capital expenditures were approximately 49,086, 36,142, and 32,080 for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In 2022, we invested 29,759 on projects expected to provide favorable returns on investment, including expanded capacity in key product lines in the HNH segment. In addition, we invested 6,020 for environmental, health, safety, and security upgrades to our facilities and 3,024 in automation projects that improved quality and efficiency of our operations. In 2021, we invested 20,544 on projects expected to provide favorable returns on investment, including expanded capacity in key product lines in the HNH segment. In addition, we invested 3,138 for environmental, health, safety, and security upgrades to our facilities, 2,330 in automation projects that improved quality and efficiency of our operations, and 2,222 in research and development projects. In 2020, we invested 16,856 on projects expected to provide favorable returns on investment, including expanded capacity in key product lines in the HNH segment. In addition, we invested 3,297 for environmental, health, safety, and security upgrades to our facilities as well as 3,252 in automation projects that improved safety and quality of our operations. Capital expenditures are projected to range from 40,000 to 50,000 for 2023, including our continued efforts to invest in energy and water saving projects, while exploring additional renewable energy opportunities in support of the company's sustainability efforts. 
 Environmental and Regulatory Matters 
 The Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act FIFRA ), a health and safety statute, requires that certain products within our Specialty Products segment must be registered with the EPA because they are considered pesticides. In order to obtain a registration, an applicant typically must demonstrate, through extensive test data, that its product will not cause unreasonable adverse effects on human health or the environment. We hold EPA registrations permitting us to sell ethylene oxide as a medical device sterilant and spice fumigant and propylene oxide as a fumigant of nuts and spices. 
 In April 2008, the EPA issued a RED Re-registration Eligibility Decision for ethylene oxide which permitted the continued use of ethylene oxide to sterilize medical or laboratory equipment, pharmaceuticals, and aseptic packaging, or to reduce microbial load on musical instruments, cosmetics, whole and ground spices and other seasoning materials and artifacts, archival material or library objects . In 2013, the EPA initiated a new registration review of ethylene oxide, in line with and as part of the registration review scheduled for a large number of other pesticides. When the Final Work Plan was issued in March 2014, the EPA anticipated that this registration review process would take approximately seven years. In December 2016, the EPA issued its Integrated Risk Information System IRIS assessment of ethylene oxide (the "IRIS Assessment"), another aspect of the EPA s safety review of ethylene oxide. In November 2020, the EPA issued a Draft Human Health Risk Assessment for Ethylene Oxide Draft HHRA ). In this Draft HHRA, the EPA presented multiple perspectives on risk extrapolation, including the IRIS Assessment. While acknowledging the necessity of maintaining the critical uses of ethylene oxide, based on the range of unit risk provided in this qualitative assessment, the EPA stated that there should be further mitigation measures implemented which will likely require some label changes. Several mitigation measures are under consideration and the EPA is expected to issue a Proposed Interim Decision in early 2023. We believe that the EPA intends to reregister ethylene oxide for the sterilization of medical or laboratory equipment, pharmaceuticals, and aseptic packaging, with the mitigation measures potentially impacting certain users, including Balchem and its customers. The product, when used as a sterilant for certain medical devices, has no known equally effective substitute. In October 2019, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in a public statement said, "Although medical devices can be sterilized by several methods, ethylene oxide is the most common method of sterilization of medical devices in the U.S. and is a well-established and scientifically-proven method of preventing harmful microorganisms from reproducing and causing infections." Management believes the lack of availability of this product could not be easily tolerated by various medical device manufacturers or the health care industry due to the resultant infection potential. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Similarly, the EPA issued a RED for propylene oxide in August 2006. At that time, the EPA determined that products containing the active ingredient propylene oxide ("PPO") are eligible for re-registration provided that risk mitigation measures are adopted. Our product label was amended as required to reflect these mitigation measures and also to show that propylene oxide has been reclassified as a restricted use pesticide. In 2013, the EPA initiated a new registration review of propylene oxide, in line with and as part of the registration review scheduled for a large number of other pesticides. A Final Work Plan was issued in March 2014, and the EPA anticipated that this review process would take approximately seven years. In October 2020, the EPA issued both the Proposed Interim Registration Review Decision and Draft Risk Assessment for propylene oxide. In July 2021, the EPA issued the Interim Registration Review Decision. Based on these documents, the use of propylene oxide to treat nuts and spices will continue to be permitted with minimal changes to the current approved level. We submitted those changes and expect the EPA to review and approve them in the coming months during 2023. 
 Our facility in Verona, Missouri, while held by a prior owner, was designated by the EPA as a Superfund site and placed on the National Priorities List in 1983, because of dioxin contamination on portions of the site. Remediation was conducted by the prior owner under the oversight of the EPA and the Missouri Department of Natural Resources MDNR ). While we must maintain the integrity of the capped areas in the remediation areas on the site, the prior owner is responsible for completion of any further Superfund remedy. We are indemnified by the sellers under our May 2001 asset purchase agreement covering our acquisition of the Verona, Missouri facility for potential liabilities associated with the Superfund site, and one of the sellers, in turn, has the benefit of certain contractual indemnification by the prior owner that executed the above-described Superfund remedy. In February 2022, BCP Ingredients, Inc. BCP ), the Company subsidiary that operates the site, received Special Notice Letter from EPA for the performance of a focused remedial investigation/feasibility study RI/FS at the site with regard to the presence of certain contaminants, including 1,4 dioxane. BCP, along with the prior owner of the Verona facility submitted a joint response to the notice in November 2022. 
 In connection with normal operations at our plant facilities, we are required to maintain environmental and other permits, including those relating to the use of ethylene oxide. From time to time, our manufacturing sites may be subject to inspections by the EPA and other agencies. To the extent any consent orders or other agreements are entered into as a result of findings from such inspections, the Company is committed to ensuring compliance with such orders or agreements. 
 We believe we are in compliance in all material respects with federal, state, local and international provisions that have been enacted or adopted regulating the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment. Such compliance includes the maintenance of required permits under air pollution regulations and compliance with requirements of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration. The cost of such compliance has not had a material effect upon the results of our operations or our financial condition. 
 We produce products which are required to be manufactured in conformity with current Good Manufacturing Practice cGMP regulations as interpreted and enforced by the FDA, through third party contract arrangement. Modifications, enhancements or changes in contracted manufacturing facilities or procedures relating to our pharmaceutical products are, in many circumstances, subject to FDA approval, which may be subject to a lengthy application process or which we may be unable to obtain. Any contracted manufacturing facilities that manufacture our pharmaceutical products are periodically subject to inspection by the FDA and other governmental agencies, and operations at these facilities could be interrupted or halted if the results of these inspections are unsatisfactory. 
 Human Capital 
 Our employees are our most valued asset and fundamental to our success. As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 1,340 full-time employees worldwide, with approximately 17 covered by collective bargaining agreements. As of December 31, 2021, we employed approximately 1,317 full-time employees worldwide, with approximately 17 covered by collective bargaining agreements. Although we are facing challenging labor markets, we believe that we have been successful in attracting skilled and experienced personnel in a competitive environment and that our human capital resources are adequate to perform all business functions. In addition, we continue to enhance technology in order to optimize productivity and performance. 
 Health and Safety 
 Protecting the workplace environment and the health and safety of our employees, contractors, visitors, and neighbors is our top priority. Our recordable injury rate, which was defined by recordable injuries per 200,000 hours worked, was 1.17 and 0.99 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. We continually upgrade our facilities to reduce risks and establish procedures with appropriate personnel protection for the safety of our employees. Our safety program is structured around five pillars: process safety, personal safety, industrial hygiene, transportation safety and environmental safety, and focuses on driving higher ownership and engagement from employees and contractors. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Diversity and Inclusion 
 We recognize that our best performance is achieved when our teams are diverse, and accordingly, diversity and inclusion are important elements of Balchem's Human Resources strategy. We strive to promote inclusion through the implementation of inclusive leadership training across the Company and are committed to increasing representation of minorities throughout the organization. In 2022, our total workforce consisted of 75 male and 25 female among all employees and 50 male and 50 female when excluding supply chain and operations functions. In 2021, our total workforce consisted of 76 male and 24 female among all employees and 50 male and 50 female when excluding supply chain and operations functions. With the support of our Board of Directors, we continue to explore additional diversity and inclusion initiatives. 
 Training and Well-Being Programs 
 We strive to develop employee skills and knowledge, which includes training for job-specific technical knowledge, regulatory requirements, and company policies, through our internal learning and development platform. The topics of trainings include the Company's Code of Conduct, anti-harassment and discrimination, foreign corrupt practices, antitrust, cyber security, and various other compliance subjects. Our sponsored employee Continuing Learning program offers a broad base of assistance for employees, including learning and development courses. We also deployed unconscious bias and inclusive leadership training to our management team. Employees have access to healthy lifestyle discounts through our Wellness Center, as well as debt, legal, and financial counseling. Leadership programs, peak performance training and multiple online services and courses enable our employees to choose their own learning paths and work towards achieving their goals for education, finances, and overall well-being. 
 Performance Review, Compensation and Benefits 
 Our annual performance review process is an important, objective-based dialogue to foster continuous growth and development by providing an opportunity to establish goals and deliver feedback relative to each employee's performance. Balchem's annual review process is closely aligned with a formal succession planning and talent review process designed to identify and develop the next generation of leaders. 
 We are dedicated to providing full-time employees with a competitive compensation package that includes medical, dental, vision, and prescription benefits in addition to a 401(k) matching program. Balchem also provides financial support for health and wellness programs such as online financial wellness content, sponsored weight loss programs and subsidized gym memberships. We also provide generous time off and leave benefits, which are important to help ensure employees can enjoy a healthy balance between work and family time. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our turnover rate was 15 and 13 , respectively, for salaried employees with an average length of service of over 9 years and 10 years, respectively. We are continuing to improve employee retention with effective employment engagement efforts, a productive performance review process, and competitive compensation. 
 Environmental, Social and Governance 
 We operate as strong stewards of our shareholders, customers, suppliers, employees, and the communities in which we operate. We are working to make our workforce more inclusive, our business more sustainable, and our communities more engaged by maintaining strong environmental, social and governance ESG practices. 
 In 2022, we published our 2021 Sustainability Report, prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative GRI Standards: Core option. This report provides detailed information regarding our ESG strategy, focus areas and governance structure. We are committed to reducing our greenhouse gas emissions by implementing new technologies, improving operational efficiencies, and expanding green energy usages. In addition, we are committed to reducing our global water use by reducing and recycling water usage and investing new technologies to improve water efficiency. For more information on our approach to sustainability management, refer to our 2021 Sustainability Report, which is available on our website at https://balchem.com/our-company/corporate-social-responsibility/sustainability. The information contained on, or that may be accessed through, the Company s website is not incorporated by reference into, and is not part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 In January 2023, Balchem was named one of America's Most Responsible Companies by Newsweek magazine for the third consecutive year. This prestigious list, compiled by Newsweek in partnership with Statista Inc., recognizes the most responsible companies in the U.S. across a variety of industries, and is based on publicly available environmental, social and governance (ESG) data. We are very proud of our ESG accomplishments to date and are pleased with the recognition by Newsweek. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Available Information 
 Our headquarters is located at 5 Paragon Drive, Montvale, NJ 07645. Our telephone number is (845) 326-5600 and our Internet website address is www.balchem.com. We make available through our website, free of charge, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to such reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). Such reports are available via a link from the Investor Relations page on our website to a list of our reports on the SEC s EDGAR website. The address of the SEC's website is www.sec.gov. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 We discuss our expectations regarding future performance, events and outcomes in this Form 10-K, quarterly and annual reports, press releases and other written and oral communications. All statements except for historical and present factual information are forward-looking statements and are based on financial data and business plans available only as of the time the statements are made, which may become outdated or incomplete. Forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain, and investors must recognize that events could significantly differ from our expectations. You should carefully consider the risk factors discussed below, together with all the other information included in this Form 10-K, in evaluating us and our ordinary shares. If any of the risks below actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. Any such adverse effect may cause the trading price of our ordinary shares to decline, and as a result, you could lose all or part of your investment in us. Our business may also be adversely affected by risks and uncertainties not known to us or risks that we currently believe to be immaterial. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or other factors. 
 
 Operational Risks 
 
 Our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and stock price can be adversely affected by pandemics, epidemics or other public health emergencies, such as COVID-19. 
 Our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and stock price can be adversely affected by pandemics, epidemics or other public health emergencies, such as COVID-19. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in governments around the world implementing certain measures to help control the spread of the virus, including quarantines, "shelter in place" and "stay at home" orders, travel restrictions, business curtailments, school closures, and other measures. 
 Our businesses have been deemed "essential" under the orders issued by federal, state and local governments. Although we have continued to operate our facilities to date consistent with federal guidelines and state and local orders, COVID-19 or similar viruses and any preventive or protective actions taken by governmental authorities may have a material adverse effect on our operations, supply chain, customers, and transportation networks, including business shutdowns or disruptions. The extent to which viruses such as COVID-19 and their variants may adversely impact our business depends on future developments, which are highly uncertain and unpredictable, depending upon the severity and duration of any virus outbreak and the effectiveness of actions taken globally to contain or mitigate the effects thereof. Any resulting financial impact cannot be estimated reasonably at this time, but may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Additionally, concerns over the economic impact of COVID-19 and its variants have caused extreme volatility in financial and other capital markets which may adversely impact our stock price and may affect our ability to access capital markets. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described within this report. While we have implemented mitigation strategies as needed to protect the long-term sustainability of our company and will continue to respond as appropriate, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve and its ultimate impact on our business is uncertain and difficult to predict. 
 
 We face risks associated with our sales to customers and manufacturing operations outside the United States. 
 Our net sales consist of sales both within and outside the United States. In addition, we conduct a portion of our manufacturing outside the United States. The majority of our foreign sales occur through our foreign subsidiaries and the remainder of our foreign sales result from exports to foreign distributors, resellers and customers. Our foreign sales and operations are subject to a number of risks, including: longer accounts receivable collection periods; the impact of recessions and other economic conditions in economies outside the United States; export duties and quotas; changes in tariffs, trade restrictions, and trade relations including but not limited to those associated with the North American Free Trade Agreement and the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union; unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; certification requirements; environmental regulations; reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; potentially adverse tax consequences; political and economic instability; and preference for locally produced products. These factors could have a material adverse impact on our ability to increase or maintain our international sales. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Our sales and operations may be adversely affected by supply chain disruptions due to political unrest, terrorist acts, and national and international conflicts, including Russia's invasion of Ukraine. 
 Our sales and operations are subject to a number of risks, including political and economic instability, which could have a material adverse impact on our ability to increase or maintain our international sales and operations. National and international conflicts such as war, border closures, civil disturbances and terrorist acts, including Russia's invasion of Ukraine, may increase the likelihood of already strained supply interruptions and further hinder our ability to access the materials and energy we need to manufacture our products. Additional supply chain disruptions will make it harder for us to find favorable pricing and reliable sources for the materials we need. As a result, such disruptions will put upward pressure on our costs and increase the risk that we may be unable to acquire the materials and services we need to continue to make certain products, in particular at our manufacturing facilities in Europe. 
 
 Our financial success depends in part on the reliability and sufficiency of our manufacturing facilities. 
 Our revenues depend on the effective operation of our manufacturing, packaging, and processing facilities. The operation of our facilities involves risks, including the breakdown, failure, or substandard performance of equipment, power outages, the improper installation or operation of equipment, explosions, fires, natural disasters, failure to achieve or maintain safety or quality standards, work stoppages, supply or logistical outages, and the need to comply with environmental and other directives of governmental agencies. The occurrence of material operational problems, including, but not limited to, the above events, could adversely affect our profitability during the period of such operational difficulties. 
 
 Our ability to successfully grow and expand our business depends on our ability to recruit and retain a highly qualified and diverse workforce. 
 Our ability to successfully grow and expand our business is dependent upon our ability to recruit and retain a workforce with the skills necessary to develop, manufacture and deliver the products and services desired by our customers. We need highly skilled and qualified personnel in multiple areas, including research and development, engineering, sales, manufacturing, information technology, cybersecurity, accounting, regulatory, and management. We must therefore continue to effectively recruit, retain and motivate highly qualified, skilled and diverse personnel to maintain our current business and support our projected growth. A shortage of these employees for various reasons, including intense competition for skilled employees, labor shortages, increased labor costs, candidates preference to work remotely, changes in laws and policies regarding immigration and work authorizations in jurisdictions where we have operations, or any government mandates that may result in workforce attrition and difficulty with recruiting, may jeopardize our ability to grow and expand our business. 
 
 We may, from time to time, experience problems in our labor relations. 
 A portion of our North American workforce is represented by a union under a single collective bargaining agreement. In Europe, employees at our Marano, Ticino, Italy facility and Bertinoro, Italy facility are covered by a national collective bargaining agreement, respectively. We believe that our present labor relations with all our union employees are satisfactory, however, our failure to renew these agreements on reasonable terms could result in labor disruptions and increased labor costs, which could adversely affect our financial performance. Similarly, if our relations with the union portion of our workforce do not remain positive, such employees could initiate a strike, work stoppage or slowdown in the future. In the event of such an action, we may not be able to adequately meet the needs of our customers using our remaining workforce and our operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Additionally, other portions of our workforce could become subject to union campaigns. 
 
 The effects of global climate change or other unexpected events, including global health crises, may disrupt our operations and have a negative impact on our business. 
 The effects of global climate change, such as extreme weather conditions and natural disasters occurring more frequently or with more intense effects, or the occurrence of unexpected events including wildfires, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, tsunamis and other severe hazards or global health crises, such as the outbreak of Ebola or the global COVID-19 pandemic, or other actual or threatened epidemic, pandemic, outbreak and spread of a communicable disease or virus, in the countries where we operate or sell products and provide services, could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. Extreme weather, natural disasters, power outages, global health crises or other unexpected events could disrupt our operations by impacting the availability and cost of materials needed for manufacturing, causing physical damage and partial or complete closure of our manufacturing sites or distribution centers, loss of human capital, temporary or long-term disruption in the manufacturing and supply of products and services and disruption in our ability to deliver products and services to customers. These events and disruptions could also adversely affect our customers and suppliers financial condition or ability to operate, resulting in reduced customer demand, delays in payments received or supply chain disruptions. Further, these events and disruptions could increase insurance and other operating costs, including impacting our decisions regarding construction of new facilities to select areas less 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 prone to climate change risks and natural disasters, which could result in indirect financial risks passed through the supply chain or other price modifications to our products and services. 
 
 We may be subject to risks relating to our information technology and operational technology systems. 
 We rely extensively on information technology and operational technology systems, networks and services including hardware, software, firmware and technological applications and platforms (collectively, "IT Systems") to manage and operate our business from end-to-end, including ordering and managing materials from suppliers, design and development, manufacturing, marketing, selling and shipping to customers, invoicing and billing, managing our banking and cash liquidity systems, managing our enterprise resource planning and other accounting and financial systems and complying with regulatory, legal and tax requirements. We have invested and will continue to invest in improving our IT Systems. Some of these investments are significant and impact many important operational processes and procedures. There is no assurance that newly implemented IT Systems will improve our current systems, improve our operations or yield the expected returns on the investments. In addition, the implementation of new IT Systems may be more difficult, costly or time consuming than expected and cause disruptions in our operations and, if not properly implemented and maintained, negatively impact our business. If our IT Systems cease to function properly or if these systems do not provide the anticipated benefits, our ability to manage our operations could be impaired. 
 
 We currently rely on third-party service providers for many of the critical elements of our global information and operational technology infrastructure and their failure to provide effective support for such infrastructure could negatively impact our business and financial results. 
 We have outsourced many of the critical elements of our global information and operational technology infrastructure to third-party service providers in order to achieve efficiencies. If such service providers do not perform or do not perform effectively, we may not be able to achieve the expected efficiencies and may have to incur additional costs to address failures in providing service by the service providers. Depending on the function involved, such non-performance, ineffective performance or failures of service may lead to business disruptions, processing inefficiencies or security breaches. 
 
 Disruptions or breaches of our information systems could adversely affect us. 
 Despite our implementation of cybersecurity measures which have focused on prevention (including a robust cybersecurity employee education program to train our employees on email and password security, recognizing phishing and related topics on a regular basis), mitigation, resilience and recovery, our network and products, including access solutions, may be vulnerable to cybersecurity attacks, computer viruses, malicious codes, malware, ransomware, phishing, social engineering, denial of service, hacking, break-ins and similar disruptions. Cybersecurity attacks and intrusion efforts are continuous and evolving, and in certain cases they have been successful at the most robust institutions. The scope and severity of risks that cyber threats present have increased dramatically and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data or premises, exploiting weaknesses related to vendors or other third parties that could be exploited to attack our systems, denials of service and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data. Any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition, as we face regulatory, reputational and litigation risks resulting from potential cyber incidents, as well as the potential of incurring significant remediation costs. Further, while we maintain insurance coverage that may, subject to policy terms and exclusions, cover certain aspects of our cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover our losses or all types of claims that may arise in the continually evolving area of cyber risk. 
 Our daily business operations also require us to collect and/or retain sensitive data such as intellectual property, proprietary business information and data related to customers, employees, suppliers and business partners within our networking infrastructure including data from individuals subject to the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation, that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations and/or customer-imposed controls. Despite our efforts to protect such data, the loss or breach of such data due to various causes including material security breaches, catastrophic events, extreme weather, natural disasters, power outages, system failures, computer viruses, improper data handling, programming errors, unauthorized access and employee error or malfeasance could result in wide reaching negative impacts to our business, and as such, the ongoing maintenance and security of this information is pertinent to the success of our business operations and our strategic goals. 
 Our networking infrastructure and related assets may be subject to unauthorized access by hackers, employee error or malfeasance or other unforeseen activities. Such issues could result in the disruption of business processes, network degradation and system downtime, along with the potential that a third party will exploit our critical assets such as intellectual property, proprietary business information and data related to our customers, suppliers and business partners. To the extent that such disruptions occur and our business continuity plans do not effectively address these disruptions in a timely manner, they may cause delays in the manufacture or shipment of our products and the cancellation of customer orders and, as a result, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected, resulting in a possible loss of business or brand reputation. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Business and Financial Risks 
 
 Increased competition could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 We face competition in our markets from a number of large and small companies, some of which have greater financial, research and development, production and other resources than we do. Our competitive position is based principally on performance, quality, customer support, service, breadth of product line, manufacturing or packaging technology and the selling prices of our products. We may be unable to effectively compete on all these bases. Further, our competitors may improve the design and performance of their products and introduce new products with competitive price and performance characteristics. While we expect to do the same to maintain our current competitive position and market share, if we are unable to anticipate evolving trends in the market or the timing and scale of our competitors activities and initiatives, the demand for our products and services could be negatively impacted. 
 
 Global economic conditions may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Unfavorable changes in economic conditions, including inflation, recession, changes in tariffs and trade relations amongst international trading partners, or other changes in economic conditions, may adversely impact the markets in which we operate. These conditions may make it extremely difficult for our customers, our vendors and us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities, and they could cause U.S. and foreign businesses to slow spending on our products which would reduce our revenues and profitability. If inflation in costs such as raw materials, packaging, freight, labor and energy prices increase beyond our ability to control for them through measures such as implementing operating efficiencies, we may not be able to increase prices to sufficiently offset the effect of various costs increases without negatively impacting customer demand, thereby negatively impacting our margin performance and results of operations. 
 Furthermore, during challenging economic times our customers may face issues gaining timely access to sufficient credit, which could result in an impairment of their ability to make timely payments to us. If that were to occur, we may be required to increase our allowance for doubtful accounts and cash flow would be negatively impacted. We cannot predict the timing, depth or duration of any economic slowdown or subsequent economic recovery, worldwide, or in the markets in which we operate. Also, at any point in time we have funds in our cash accounts that are with third party financial institutions. These balances in the U.S. and other countries could exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC and other relevant insurance limits, respectively. While we monitor the cash balances in our accounts, these balances could be impacted if the underlying financial institutions fail or could be subject to other adverse conditions in the financial markets. Additionally, our future results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in the effective tax rate as a result of a change in the mix of earnings in jurisdictions with differing statutory tax rates, changes in tax laws, regulations and judicial rulings or changes in the interpretation thereof. 
 
 Raw material shortages or price increases could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 The principal raw materials that we use in the manufacture of our products can be subject to price fluctuations due to market conditions and factors beyond our control, including the COVID-19 pandemic and inflationary pressures, both of which have impacted our business over the past several years and are likely to continue for some time. Such raw materials include materials derived from petrochemicals, minerals, metals, agricultural commodities and other commodities. While the selling prices of our products tend to increase or decrease over time with the cost of raw materials, these changes may not occur simultaneously or to the same degree. At times, including during periods of rapidly increasing raw material prices, we may be unable to pass increases in raw material costs through to our customers due to certain contractual obligations. Such increases in the price of raw materials, if not offset by product price increases, or substitute raw materials, would have an adverse impact on our profitability. We believe we have reliable sources of supply for our raw materials under normal market conditions. We cannot, however, predict the likelihood or impact of any future raw material shortages. Any shortages or unforeseen price increases could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 
 Our international operations subject us to currency translation risk and currency transaction risk which could cause our results to fluctuate from period to period. 
 The financial condition and results of operations of our foreign subsidiaries are reported in local currencies and then translated into U.S. dollars at the applicable currency exchange rate for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. Exchange rates between these currencies in recent years have fluctuated and may do so in the future. Furthermore, we incur currency transaction risk whenever we enter into either a purchase or a sales transaction using a currency different than the functional currency. Given the volatility of exchange rates, we may not be able to effectively manage our currency transactions and/or translation risks. Volatility in currency exchange rates could impact our business and financial results. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Although we utilize risk management tools, such as derivative instruments, to mitigate market fluctuations in foreign currencies, any changes in strategy in regard to risk management tools can also affect revenue, expenses and results of operations and there can be no assurance that such measures will result in cost savings or that all market fluctuation exposure will be eliminated. 
 
 Our debt instruments are subject to interest rate risks and impose operating and financial restrictions which could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 
 Our incurrence of indebtedness could have negative consequences to us, including limiting our ability to borrow additional monies for our working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements or other general corporate purposes; limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our operations, our business or the industries in which we compete; our leverage may place us at a competitive disadvantage by limiting our ability to invest in the business or in further research and development; making us more vulnerable to downturns in our business or the economy; and there would be a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition if we were unable to service our indebtedness or obtain additional financing, as needed. 
 Our ability to make payments on our indebtedness depends on our ability to generate cash in the future. If we do not generate sufficient cash flow to meet our debt service and working capital requirements, we may need to seek additional financing or sell assets. This may make it more difficult for us to obtain financing on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. Without any such financing, we could be forced to sell assets to make up for any shortfall in our payment obligations under unfavorable circumstances. 
 Interest payable in accordance with our five-year senior secured revolving credit agreement (the "Credit Agreement") is based on a fluctuating rate. In light of potential fluctuations, including interest rate increases which may continue, we are exposed to risk resulting from adverse changes in interest rates. 
 Further, due to the cessation of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), we have entered into financial transactions such as credit agreements that use the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as interest rate benchmarks. SOFR is calculated differently from LIBOR and has inherent differences which could give rise to uncertainties, including the limited historical data and volatility in the benchmark rates. The full effects of the transition to SOFR or other rates remain uncertain. 
 
 We may not be able to successfully consummate and manage acquisition, joint venture and divestiture activities which could have an impact on our results. 
 From time to time, we may acquire other businesses, enter into joint ventures and, based on an evaluation of our business portfolio, divest existing businesses. These acquisitions, joint ventures and divestitures may present financial, managerial and operational challenges, including diversion of management attention from existing businesses, difficulty with integrating or separating personnel and financial and other systems, increased expenses, difficulties in realizing synergies expected to result from acquisitions, potential loss of key employees, key contractual relationships or key customers of acquired companies or of us, difficulties in integrating financial reporting systems and implementing controls, procedures and policies, including disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, appropriate for public companies of our size at companies that, prior to the acquisition, had lacked such controls, procedures and policies, assumption of unknown liabilities and indemnities, and potential disputes with the buyers or sellers. In addition, we may be required to incur asset impairment charges (including charges related to tangible assets, goodwill and other intangible assets) in connection with acquired businesses which may reduce our profitability. If we are unable to consummate such transactions, or successfully integrate and grow acquisitions and achieve contemplated revenue synergies and cost savings, our financial results could be adversely affected. Additionally, joint ventures inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations, thereby potentially increasing the financial, legal, operational and/or compliance risks. 
 
 We may not be able to effectively manage and implement restructuring initiatives or other organizational changes. 
 We may, from time to time, restructure or make other adjustments to our workforce and manufacturing footprint in response to market or product changes, performance issues, changes in strategy, acquisitions and/or other internal and external considerations. These restructuring activities and other organizational changes may result in increased restructuring costs, diversion of management s time and attention from daily operations and temporarily reduced productivity. If we are unable to successfully manage and implement restructuring and other organizational changes, we may not achieve or sustain the expected growth or cost savings benefits of these activities or do so within the expected timeframe. These effects could recur in connection with future acquisitions and other organizational changes and our results of operations could be negatively affected. 
 
 Changes in our relationships with our vendors, changes in tax or trade policy, interruptions in our operations or supply chain or increased commodity or supply chain costs could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 We are dependent on our vendors, including common carriers, to supply raw materials to our manufacturing facilities. As we continue to add capabilities to quickly move the appropriate amount of inventory at optimal operational costs through our entire supply chain, operating our fulfillment network becomes more complex and challenging. If our fulfillment network does not operate properly, if a vendor fails to deliver on its commitments, or if common carriers have difficulty providing capacity to meet demands for their services, we could experience inventory shortages, delivery delays or increased delivery costs, which could lead to lost sales and decreased guest confidence, and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 A large portion of our raw materials are sourced, directly or indirectly, from outside the U.S. Any major changes in tax or trade policy, such as the imposition of additional tariffs or duties on imported products, between the U.S. and countries from which we source raw materials could require us to take certain actions, including for example raising prices on products we sell and seeking alternative sources of supply from vendors in other countries with whom we have less familiarity, which could adversely affect our reputation, sales, and our results of operations. 
 Political or financial instability, currency fluctuations, the outbreak of pandemics or other illnesses (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), labor unrest, transport capacity and costs, port security, weather conditions, natural disasters, or other events that could alter or suspend our operations, slow or disrupt port activities, or affect foreign trade are beyond our control and could materially disrupt our supply of raw materials, increase our costs, and/or adversely affect our results of operations. There have been periodic labor disputes impacting the U.S. ports that have caused us to make alternative arrangements to continue the flow of inventory, and if these types of disputes recur, worsen, or occur in other countries through which we source products, it may have a material impact on our costs or inventory supply. Changes in the costs of procuring commodities used in our products or the costs related to our supply chain, could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Adverse publicity or consumer concern regarding the safety or quality of food products containing our products, or health concerns, whether with our products, products in the same general class as our products or for food products containing our products, may result in the loss of sales. Also, consumer preferences for products containing our products may change. 
 We are dependent upon consumers perception of the safety, quality and possible dietary benefits of products containing our food ingredient products. As a result, substantial negative publicity concerning our products or other foods and beverages in which our products are used could lead to a loss of consumer confidence in those products, removal of those products from retailers shelves and reduced sales and prices of our products. Product quality issues, actual or perceived, or allegations of product contamination, even when false or unfounded, could hurt the image of our products or of brands of products containing our products, and cause consumers to choose other products. Further, any product recall, whether our own or by a third party, whether due to real or unfounded allegations, could impact demand on food products containing our products or even our products. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Consumer preferences, as well as trends, within the food industries change often and our failure to anticipate, identify or react to changes in these preferences and trends could, among other things, lead to reduced demand and price reductions, and could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. While we continue to diversify our product offerings, developing new products entails risks and we cannot be certain that demand for our products and products containing our products will continue at current levels or increase in the future. 
 
 Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks 
 
 Material adverse legal judgments, fines, penalties or settlements could adversely affect our business. 
 We may from time to time become involved in legal proceedings and disputes incidental to the operation of our business. Our business may be adversely affected by the outcome of these proceedings and other contingencies (including, without limitation, product liability, tort, environmental, intellectual property, antitrust, data protection, privacy, and labor and employment matters) that cannot be predicted with certainty. As required by GAAP, if applicable, we establish reserves based on our assessment of contingencies. Subsequent developments in legal proceedings and other contingencies may affect our assessment and estimates of the loss contingency recorded as a reserve, and we may be required to make additional material payments. 
 
 Our business exposes us to potential product liability claims and recalls, which could adversely impact our financial condition and performance. 
 Our development, manufacture and sales of food ingredient, pharmaceutical and nutritional supplement products involve an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims, product recalls, product seizures and related adverse publicity. A product liability judgment against us could also result in substantial and unexpected expenditures, affect consumer confidence in our products, and divert management s attention from other responsibilities. Although we maintain product liability insurance coverage in amounts we believe are customary within the industry, there can be no assurance that this level of coverage is adequate or that we will be able to continue to maintain our existing insurance or obtain comparable insurance at a reasonable 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 cost, if at all. A product recall or a partially or completely uninsured judgment against us could have a material adverse effect on results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our brands are important assets of our businesses, and violation of our trademark rights by imitators could negatively impact revenues and brand reputation. 
 Our brands and trademarks enjoy a reputation for quality and value and are important to our success and competitive position. Unauthorized use of our trademarks may not only erode sales of our products but may also cause significant damage to our brand name and reputation, interfere with relationships with our customers and increase litigation costs. There can be no assurance that our on-going effort to protect our brand and trademark rights will prevent all violations. 
 
 Allegations that we have infringed the intellectual property rights of third parties could negatively affect us. 
 We may be subject to claims of infringement of intellectual property rights by third parties. In general, if it is determined that one or more of our technologies, products or services infringes the intellectual property rights owned by others, we may be required to cease marketing those products or services, to obtain licenses from the holders of the intellectual property at a material cost or to take other actions to avoid infringing such intellectual property rights. The litigation process is costly and subject to inherent uncertainties, and we may not prevail in litigation matters regardless of the merits of our position. Adverse intellectual property litigation or claims of infringement against us may become extremely disruptive if the plaintiffs succeed in blocking the trade of our products and services and may have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We are subject to risks related to corporate social responsibility and reputational matters. 
 Our reputation and the reputation of our brands, including the perception held by our customers, end-users, business partners, investors, other key stakeholders and the communities in which we do business are influenced by various factors. There is an increased focus from our stakeholders on Environmental, Social and Governance ESG practices and disclosure and if we fail, or are perceived to have failed, in any number of ESG matters, such as environmental stewardship, goals regarding our intended reduction of carbon emissions and water usage, inclusion and diversity, workplace conduct and support for local communities, or to effectively respond to changes in, or new, legal or regulatory requirements concerning climate change or other sustainability concerns, our reputation or the reputation of our brands may suffer. Such damage to our reputation and the reputation of our brands may negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, negative or inaccurate postings or comments on social media or networking websites about the Company or our brands could generate adverse publicity that could damage our reputation or the reputation of our brands. If we are unable to effectively manage real or perceived issues, including concerns about product quality, safety, corporate social responsibility or other matters, sentiments toward the Company or our products could be negatively impacted, and our financial results could suffer. 
 
 Our reputation, ability to do business and results of operations could be impaired by adverse publicity or improper conduct by any of our employees, agents or business partners. 
 We are subject to regulation under a variety of U.S. federal and state and non-U.S. laws, regulations and policies including laws related to anti-corruption, export and import compliance, anti-trust and money laundering due to our global operations. We cannot provide assurance that our internal controls will always protect us from the improper conduct of our employees, agents and business partners. Any improper conduct could damage our reputation and subject us to, among other things, civil and criminal penalties, material fines, equitable remedies (including profit disgorgement and injunctions on future conduct), securities litigation and a general loss of investor confidence. 
 
 Our operations are subject to regulatory risks and the loss of governmental permits and approvals would materially and adversely affect some of our businesses. 
 Our U.S. and non-U.S. operations are subject to a number of laws and regulations, including environmental, health and safety standards. We have incurred, and will be required to continue to incur, significant expenditures to comply with these laws and regulations. Changes to, or changes in interpretations of, current laws and regulations, including climate change legislation or other environmental mandates, could require us to increase our compliance expenditures, cause us to significantly alter or discontinue offering existing products and services or cause us to develop new products and services. Altering current products and services or developing new products and services to comply with changes in the applicable laws and regulations could require significant research and development investments, increase the cost of providing the products and services and adversely affect the demand for our products and services, including shifting demand to competitors in countries where laws and regulations may be less stringent. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 In the event a regulatory authority concludes that we are not or have not at all times been in full compliance with these laws or regulations, we could be fined, criminally charged or otherwise sanctioned. Certain environmental laws assess liability on current or previous owners of real property or operators of manufacturing facilities for the costs of investigation, removal or remediation of hazardous substances or materials at such properties or at properties at which parties have disposed of hazardous substances. Liability for investigative, removal and remedial costs under certain U.S. federal and state laws and certain non-U.S. laws are retroactive, strict and joint and several. In addition to cleanup actions brought by governmental authorities, private parties could bring personal injury or other claims due to the presence of, or exposure to, hazardous substances. For more information, see "Item 1. Business Environmental and Regulatory Matters" of this report. 
 While we have planned for future capital and operating expenditures to maintain compliance with environmental laws, our costs of compliance may exceed our estimates. We may also be subject to environmental claims for personal injury, liabilities arising from past, present or future releases of, or exposures to, hazardous substances, or cost recovery actions for remediation of facilities in the future based on our past, present or future business activities. 
 Further, pursuant to applicable environmental and safety laws and regulations, we are required to obtain and maintain certain governmental permits and approvals, including EPA registrations under FIFRA for some of our products. We maintain EPA FIFRA registrations for ethylene oxide as a medical device sterilant and spice fumigant and for propylene oxide as a fumigant of nuts and spices. These products are progressing through a multi-year FIFRA re-registration review process. Recent draft documents indicate that the EPA intends to continue the registrations for both ethylene oxide and propylene oxide with certain additional mitigation measures. The EPA may re-examine the registrations in the future in accordance with the provisions of FIFRA. Any future determination by the EPA to discontinue permitted use of ethylene oxide or propylene oxide would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 
 Commercial supply of pharmaceutical products that we may develop, subject to cGMP manufacturing regulations, would be performed by third-party cGMP manufacturers. Modifications, enhancements or changes in third-party manufacturing facilities or procedures of our pharmaceutical products are, in many circumstances, subject to FDA approval, which may be subject to a lengthy application process or which we may be unable to obtain. Any third-party cGMP manufacturers that we may use are periodically subject to inspection by the FDA and other governmental agencies, and operations at these facilities could be interrupted or halted if the results of these inspections are unsatisfactory. Failure to comply with the FDA or other governmental regulations can result in fines, unanticipated compliance expenditures, recall or seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production, enforcement actions, injunctions and criminal prosecution, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 
 Permits and approvals may be subject to revocation, modification or denial under certain circumstances. Our operations or activities could result in administrative or private actions, revocation of required permits or licenses, or fines, penalties or damages, which could have an adverse effect on us. In addition, we cannot predict the extent to which any legislation or regulation may affect the market for our products or our cost of doing business. 
 
 Concerns about ethylene oxide emissions have resulted in certain state actions against certain of our customers that are currently impacting these customers ability to use the ethylene oxide process to sterilize medical devices, which may, in turn, affect sales to these customers. 
 There is increased focus on the use and emissions of ethylene oxide by the EPA and state environmental agencies. Certain of the Company s customers who use ethylene oxide in the U.S. for the sterilization of medical devices have received ongoing state and local scrutiny for environmental concerns at their facilities. This scrutiny is associated with the IRIS Assessment described in Item 1. Business Environmental and Regulatory Matters of this report, which deemed exposure to ethylene oxide as unsafe at levels far below those found in the environment. The EPA began using the IRIS Assessment in 2020 to regulate change to existing permissible emissions limits at certain non-sterilization ethylene oxide users and producers, and was initially expected to propose rules during 2022 that will regulate sterilization users. These rules have yet to be finalized. Additionally, some state and local regulators have drawn their own conclusions from the IRIS Assessment, which has resulted in certain state actions against our customers that have impacted or are impacting these customers ability to use the ethylene oxide process to sterilize medical devices. Due to these regulatory actions, one customer facility has been shut down permanently, another was shut down for a period of months and has since restarted, and other customers have taken or are expected to take voluntary downtime to install new abatement equipment. The installation of the new abatement equipment is being done ahead of what is expected to be changes in the EPA regulations. The Company remains confident that the sterilization industry will be able to install abatement equipment to satisfy the new forthcoming EPA requirements. The Company is working with various stakeholders to ensure the EPA considers all available assessments to appropriately quantify ethylene oxide's risks. While the Company believes that EPA will, as it has in the past, ultimately regulate to lower emissions levels based on a combined consideration of the various assessments available and that industry will then adopt practices and procedures to ensure compliance with these new regulations, there is no assurance that this will be the case. Further, additional regulatory requirements associated with the use and emission of ethylene oxide may be imposed in the future, both within and outside of the U.S. Such increased regulation could require our 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 customers to temporarily suspend operations to install additional fugitive emissions control technology, limit the use of ethylene oxide or take other actions which, in turn, could impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Our corporate headquarters is located in Montvale, New Jersey. Our operations are conducted at our owned and leased facilities throughout the U.S. and other foreign countries. These facilities house manufacturing and warehousing operations, as well as administrative offices. We have a total of 37 locations across the world and some of these manufacturing and warehousing locations serve multiple segments. 
 The following is a summary of our principal properties: 
 
 Segment Location Administrative Manufacturing Warehousing Corporate 5 U.S. cities 5 - - HNH 15 U.S. cities and 5 foreign countries 1 15 4 ANH 6 U.S. cities and 4 foreign countries - 9 1 Specialty Products 5 U.S. cities and 7 foreign countries 2 9 1 Other 2 U.S. cities and 1 foreign country - 3 - 
 
 We believe that our production facilities and related machinery and equipment are well maintained, suitable for their purpose, and adequate to support our businesses. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 In the normal course of business, we are involved in a variety of lawsuits, claims and legal proceedings, from time to time, including commercial and contract disputes, labor and employment matters, product liability claims, environmental liabilities, trade regulation matters, intellectual property disputes and tax-related matters. In our opinion, pending legal matters are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 The following is a list of executive officers of the Company as of February 24, 2023. 
 
 Theodore L. Harris , age 57, has served as our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer since 2017. 
 
 C. Martin Bengtsson , age 46, has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since February 2019. Prior to that, he served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for the Performance Materials and Technologies business unit of Honeywell International, a diversified technology and manufacturing company, from April 2018 to January 2019, and Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for the Advanced Materials unit of Honeywell International from August 2016 to April 2018. 
 
 Hatsuki Miyata , age 47, has served as our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since July 2022. Ms. Miyata previously served as Deputy General Counsel and Corporate Secretary at Allegion plc, a global manufacturing company in seamless access and security products, from October 2018 to July 2022. Prior to that, she held various responsibilities in the Corporate Securities Group at The Procter Gamble Company, a global consumer products company, from October 2016 to September 2018. 
 
 Frederic Boned , age 45, has served as our Senior Vice President and General Manager, Human Nutrition and Health, since November 2022. Prior to that, he served as Regional Vice President, Health Nutrition and Care North America from January 2022 to November 2022, Vice President, Human Nutrition and Health North America from September 2018 to January 2022, and Vice President, Human Nutrition and Health EMEA from January 2018 to September 2018, each at DSM, a multinational corporation in the fields of health and nutrition. 
 
 Jonathan H. Griffin , age 47, has served as our Senior Vice President and General Manager, Animal Nutrition and Health, since September 2022. Prior to that, he led that business segment as our Vice President and General Manager, Animal Nutrition and Health from 2016 to September 2022. 
 
 Martin L. Reid , age 56, has served as our Senior Vice President and Chief Supply Chain Officer since September 2022. Prior to that, he served as Vice President and Chief Supply Chain Officer from January 2021 to September 2022. Mr. Reid served as Chief Supply Chain Officer at Godiva Chocolate from May 2019 to December 2020, and as Vice President, Supply Chain North America Manufacturing at The Estee Lauder Companies, Inc., a multinational cosmetics company, prior to that. 
 
 Michael R. Sestrick , Ph.D., age 59, has served as our Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer since September 2022. Prior to that he served as our Vice President and Chief Technology officer from April 2017 to September 2022. 
 
 M. Brent Tignor , age 45, has served as our Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer since September 2022. Prior to that, he led the Human Resources department as our Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer from February 2022 to September 2022 and as our Vice President, Human Resources from 2016 to February 2022. 
 
 Job L. van Gunsteren , age 47, has served as our Senior Vice President and General Manager, Specialty Products, since September 2022. Prior to that, he served as our Vice President and General Manager, Specialty Products from August 2020 to September 2022 and as our Director for Animal Nutrition and Health EMEA from 2013 to 2020. 
 
 All above-listed officers except for Mr. Bengtsson, Ms. Miyata, Mr. Boned, and Mr. Reid have been employed by the Company for more than the past five years. No family relationship exists between any of the above-listed executive officers of the Company. All officers are elected to hold office for one year or until their successors are elected and qualified or their earlier death, resignation or removal from office by the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 The Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol BCPC. 
 On February 10, 2023, the closing price for the Common Stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC was 133.75. 
 Record Holders 
 As of February 10, 2023, the approximate number of holders of record of Common Stock was 64. Such number does not include stockholders who hold their stock in street name. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Performance Graph 
 The graph below sets forth the cumulative total stockholder return on the Common Stock (referred to in the table as BCPC for the five years ended December 31, 2022, the overall stock market return during such period for shares comprising the Russell 2000 Index (which we believe includes companies with market capitalization similar to that of us), and the overall stock market return during such period for shares comprising the Dow Jones U.S. Specialty Chemicals Index, in each case assuming a comparable initial investment of 100 on December 31, 2017 and the subsequent reinvestment of dividends. The Russell 2000 Index measures the performance of the shares of the 2000 smallest companies included in the Russell 3000 Index. In light of our industry segments, we do not believe that published industry-specific indices are necessarily representative of stocks comparable to us. Nevertheless, we consider the Dow Jones U.S. Specialty Chemicals Index to be potentially useful as a peer group index with respect to us. The performance of the Common Stock shown on the graph below is historical only and not necessarily indicative of future performance. 

18 

Table of Contents 

 Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities 
 The following table summarizes the share repurchase activity for the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 Total Number of Shares 
 Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares 
 Purchased as 
 Part of Publicly Announced 
 Programs (1) 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs January 1-31, 2022 88,154 147.03 88,154 125,951,395 February 1-28, 2022 57,531 139.75 57,531 111,675,367 March 1-31, 2022 100,000 135.98 100,000 95,065,135 First Quarter 245,685 245,685 April 1-30, 2022 245 125.36 245 87,609,591 May 1-31, 2022 4,550 120.01 4,550 83,324,693 June 1-30, 2022 181 125.87 181 83,370,521 Second Quarter 4,976 4,976 July 1-31, 2022 83,370,521 August 1-31, 2022 361 127.77 361 88,643,248 September 1-30, 2022 88,643,248 Third Quarter 361 361 October 1-31, 2022 831 139.80 831 96,873,152 November 1-30, 2022 399 140.03 399 96,978,739 December 1-31, 2022 52 121.77 52 84,324,507 Fourth Quarter 1,282 1,282 Total 252,304 252,304 (1) Our Board of Directors has approved a stock repurchase program. The total authorization under this program is 3,763,038 shares. Since the inception of the program in June 1999, a total of 3,070,548 shares have been repurchased. There is no expiration for this program. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 (All amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes included in this report. Refer to Part II, Item 7 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 (filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022) for additional discussion of our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. In addition, discussion of year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and can be found in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in Part II, Item 7 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. Those statements in the following discussion that are not historical in nature should be considered to be forward-looking statements that are inherently uncertain. See Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 

19 

Table of Contents 

Overview 
 We develop, manufacture, distribute and market specialty performance ingredients and products for the nutritional, food, pharmaceutical, animal health, medical device sterilization, plant nutrition and industrial markets. Our three reportable segments are strategic businesses that offer products and services to different markets: Human Nutrition and Health, Animal Nutrition and Health, and Specialty Products, as more fully described in Note 11, Segment Information, of the consolidated financial statements. Sales and production of products outside of our reportable segments and other minor business activities are included in "Other and Unallocated". 
 
 COVID-19 
 
 Our COVID-19 response has focused on employee safety first, keeping our manufacturing sites operational, satisfying customer needs, preserving cash and ensuring strong liquidity, and responding to changes in this dynamic market environment as appropriate. 
 Our manufacturing sites have been operating at near normal conditions, our research and development teams have continued to innovate in our laboratories, and all of our other employees have been effectively carrying on their responsibilities in a hybrid setting. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic continued to negatively affect the global economy and the markets we operate in during 2022. We experienced severe input cost inflation, raw material shortages, logistics disruptions, and labor availability issues throughout the year. Some of these indirect pandemic-related challenges eased slightly during the second half of 2022, however these challenges are likely to continue for some time. 
 
 Segment Results 
 
 We sell products for all three segments through our own sales force, independent distributors, and sales agents. 
 The following tables summarize consolidated net sales by segment and business segment earnings from operations for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands): 

Business Segment Net Sales 2022 2021 2020 Human Nutrition and Health 527,131 442,733 400,330 Animal Nutrition and Health 262,297 226,776 192,191 Specialty Products 131,438 117,020 103,566 Other and Unallocated (1) 
 21,492 12,494 7,557 Total 942,358 799,023 703,644 Business Segment Earnings From Operations 2022 2021 2020 Human Nutrition and Health 82,125 76,031 61,397 Animal Nutrition and Health 36,056 26,179 29,979 Specialty Products 32,789 30,020 26,801 Other and Unallocated (1) 
 (5,784) (4,728) (7,030) Total 145,186 127,502 111,147 (1) Other and Unallocated consists of a few minor businesses which individually do not meet the quantitative thresholds for separate presentation and corporate expenses that have not been allocated to a segment. Unallocated corporate expenses consist of: (i) Transaction and integration costs, ERP implementation costs, and unallocated legal fees totaling 3,581, 1,264 and 2,410 for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and (ii) Unallocated amortization expense of 2,951, 2,510, and 1,606 for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, related to an intangible asset in connection with a company-wide ERP system implementation. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Acquisitions 
 On August 30, 2022, we completed the acquisition of Bergstrom, a leading science-based manufacturer of methylsulfonylmethane ("MSM"), based in Vancouver, Washington, and on June 21, 2022, we completed the acquisition of Kappa, a leading science-based manufacturer of specialty vitamin K2 for the human nutrition industry, headquartered in Oslo, Norway. Details related to both acquisitions are disclosed in Note 2, Significant Acquisitions, and the "Acquisitions" section in Item 1. Business. 
 
 Results of Operations - Fiscal Year 2022 compared to Fiscal Year 2021 
 
 Summary of Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
 (in thousands) 2022 2021 Increase (Decrease) Change Net sales 942,358 799,023 143,335 17.9 Gross margin 280,451 243,174 37,277 15.3 Operating expenses 135,265 115,672 19,593 16.9 Earnings from operations 145,186 127,502 17,684 13.9 Other expenses 11,437 2,269 9,168 404.1 Income tax expense 28,382 29,129 (747) (2.6) Net earnings 105,367 96,104 9,263 9.6 
 Management's discussion and analysis of the Consolidated Statements of Earnings is included below: 
 Net Sales 
 Increase (Decrease) (in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Human Nutrition and Health 527,131 442,733 84,398 19.1 Animal Nutrition and Health 262,297 226,776 35,521 15.7 Specialty Products 131,438 117,020 14,418 12.3 Other 21,492 12,494 8,998 72.0 Total 942,358 799,023 143,335 17.9 
 
 The increase in net sales within the Human Nutrition and Health segment for 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily attributed to sales growth within food and beverage markets, the contribution from recent acquisitions, as well as higher sales within the minerals and nutrients business, partially offset by an unfavorable impact related to change in foreign currency exchange rates. Total sales for this segment grew 19.1 , with average selling prices contributing 17.2 , volume and mix contributing 2.2 , and the change in foreign currency exchange rates contributing -0.3 . 
 
 The increase in net sales within the Animal Nutrition and Health segment for 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily the result of higher sales in monogastric and ruminant species markets, partially offset by an unfavorable impact related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Total sales for this segment grew 15.7 , with average selling prices contributing 25.5 , the change in foreign currency exchange rates contributing -3.3 , and volume and mix contributing -6.5 . 
 
 The increase in Specialty Products segment sales for 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to higher sales of performance gases and plant nutrition sales, partially offset by an unfavorable impact related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Total sales for this segment grew 12.3 , with average selling prices contributing 16.9 , volume and mix contributing -1.5 , and the change in foreign currency exchange rates contributing -3.1 . 
 
 Sales relating to Other increased from the prior year primarily due to higher demand. 
 
 Sales may fluctuate in future periods based on macroeconomic conditions, competitive dynamics, changes in customer preferences, and our ability to successfully introduce new products to the market. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Gross Margin 
 (in thousands) 2022 2021 Increase (Decrease) Change Gross margin 280,451 243,174 37,277 15.3 of net sales 29.8 30.4 
 Gross margin dollars increased for 2022 compared to 2021 due to the aforementioned higher sales of 143,335, partially offset by an increase in cost of goods sold of 106,058. The 19.1 increase in cost of goods sold was mainly driven by the higher sales and significant inflation of manufacturing input costs, primarily related to raw materials. Price increases lagged this inflation, leading to a 60 basis point decrease in gross margin as a percentage of sales. 
 Operating Expenses 
 (in thousands) 2022 2021 Increase (Decrease) Change Operating expenses 135,265 115,672 19,593 16.9 of net sales 14.4 14.5 
 The increase in operating expenses was primarily due to incremental operating expenses related to the acquisitions of 6,804, an increase in outside services of 6,265, and higher compensation-related costs of 2,931. 
 Earnings From Operations 
 (in thousands) 2022 2021 Increase (Decrease) Change Human Nutrition and Health 82,125 76,031 6,094 8.0 Animal Nutrition and Health 36,056 26,179 9,877 37.7 Specialty Products 32,789 30,020 2,769 9.2 Other and unallocated (5,784) (4,728) (1,056) (22.3) Earnings from operations 145,186 127,502 17,684 13.9 of net sales (operating margin) 15.4 16.0 
 
 Earnings from operations for the Human Nutrition and Health segment increased primarily due to the aforementioned higher sales, partially offset by a 140 basis point decrease in gross margin as a percentage of sales, primarily due to a significant increase in certain manufacturing input costs, largely related to raw materials. Additionally, operating expenses for this segment increased by 12,629, primarily due to incremental operating expenses related to the acquisitions of 6,654 and outside services of 3,831. 
 
 Animal Nutrition and Health segment earnings from operations increased primarily due to the aforementioned higher sales and a 130 basis point increase in gross margin as a percentage of sales primarily related to higher average selling prices, partially offset by a significant increase in certain manufacturing input costs, largely related to raw materials. Additionally, operating expenses for this segment increased by 1,596, primarily related to higher outside services of 1,084. 
 
 The increase in earnings from operations for the Specialty Products segment was primarily due to the aforementioned higher sales, partially offset by a 140 basis point decrease in gross margin as a percentage of sales, primarily due to a significant increase in certain manufacturing input costs, largely related to raw materials. Additionally, operating expenses for this segment increased by 2,276, primarily related to higher compensation-related costs of 1,586 and higher outside services of 1,264, partially offset by lower amortization of 697. 
 
 Earnings from operations relating to Other and unallocated decreased from the prior year primarily due to an increase in transaction costs, mainly related to the acquisitions, partially offset by the aforementioned higher sales. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Other Expenses (Income) 
 (in thousands) 2022 2021 Increase (Decrease) Change Interest expense, net 10,268 2,456 7,812 318.1 Other, net 1,169 (187) 1,356 (725.1) 11,437 2,269 9,168 404.1 
 Interest expense for 2022 and 2021 was primarily related to outstanding borrowings under the 2022 Credit Agreement and the 2018 Credit Agreement, respectively. The increase in interest expense is due to the additional borrowings in connection with the acquisitions and rising interest rates. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 (in thousands) 2022 2021 Increase (Decrease) Change Income tax expense 28,382 29,129 (747) (2.6) Effective tax rate 21.2 23.3 
 The decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily due to an increase in certain tax credits and deductions and certain lower state taxes. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 (All amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Our short-term purchase obligations primarily include contractual arrangements in the form of purchase orders with suppliers. As of December 31, 2022, such purchase obligations were 69,269. For debt obligations, see Note 8, Revolving Loan, and for operating and finance lease obligations, see Note 19, Leases. 
 The contractual obligations exclude a 5,815 liability for uncertain tax positions, including the related interest and penalties, recorded in accordance with ASC 740-10, as we are unable to reasonably estimate the timing of settlement, if any. 
 We know of no current or pending demands on, or commitments for, our liquid assets that will materially affect our liquidity. 
 During the twelve months ending December 31, 2022, we drew down 345,000 and 70,000 from our revolving credit facility to fund the acquisitions of Kappa and Bergstrom, respectively. Depending on whether financial and other targets are met, we may be required to pay contingent consideration liabilities in connection with the recent acquisitions in 2024. These liabilities are valued at 11,400 as of December 31, 2022 (see Note 2, Significant Acquisitions). Excluding the events previously mentioned, there were no other material changes during the year ended December 31, 2022 outside the ordinary course of business in the specified contractual obligations set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. On July 27, 2022, we entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with a bank syndicate providing for a revolving loan of 550,000, due July 27, 2027. The revolving loan proceeds were used to pay down the existing debt under the 2018 Credit Agreement and may be used for working capital, letters of credit, and other corporate purposes. 
 We expect our operations to continue generating sufficient cash flow to fund working capital requirements and necessary capital investments. We are actively pursuing additional acquisition candidates. We could seek additional bank loans or access to financial markets to fund such acquisitions, our operations, working capital, necessary capital investments or other cash requirements should we deem it necessary to do so. 
 Cash 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents decreased to 66,560 at December 31, 2022 from 103,239 at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, we had 47,526 of cash and cash equivalents held by our foreign subsidiaries. We presently intend to permanently reinvest these funds in foreign operations by continuing to make additional plant related investments, and potentially invest in partnerships or acquisitions; therefore, we do not currently expect to repatriate these funds in order to fund U.S. operations or obligations. However, if these funds are needed for U.S. operations, we could be required to pay additional withholding taxes to repatriate these funds. Working capital was 195,761 at December 31, 2022 as compared to 178,430 at December 31, 2021, an increase of 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 17,331. Cash at December 31, 2022 reflects the payment of the 2021 declared dividend in 2022 of 20,713, payments on the revolving loan and acquired debt of 133,988, capital expenditures and intangible assets acquired of 50,290, and common stock repurchases of 35,423. 
 
 (in thousands) 2022 2021 Increase (Decrease) Change Cash flows provided by operating activities 138,536 160,514 (21,978) (13.7) Cash flows used in investing activities (416,014) (35,300) (380,714) 1078.5 Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 246,679 (102,178) 348,857 (341.4) 
 Operating Activities 
 The decrease in cash flows from operating activities was primarily driven by changes in working capital. 
 Investing Activities 
 As previously noted, on June 21, 2022, we completed the acquisition of Kappa, a leading science-based manufacturer of specialty vitamin K2 for the human nutrition industry, headquartered in Oslo, Norway, and on August 30, 2022, we completed the acquisition of Bergstrom, a leading science-based manufacturer of MSM, based in Vancouver, Washington. Cash paid for these acquisitions, net of cash acquired, amounted to 365,780. 
 We continue to invest in corporate projects, improvements across all production facilities, and intangible assets. Total investments in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets were 50,290 and 37,449 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, capital expenditures are projected to be approximately 40,000 to 50,000 for 2023. As mentioned above, we expect that our operations will continue to generate sufficient cash flow to fund the commitments for capital expenditures. These capital expenditures are part of our continuous efforts to support our growing businesses. 
 Financing Activities 
 The acquisitions of Kappa and Bergstrom were funded through our credit agreements (see Note 8, Revolving Loan). We borrowed 435,000 under our credit agreements and made total loan payments of 103,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022, resulting in 109,431 available under the 2022 Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022. We also made payments of 30,988 on the acquired debt related to the acquisitions. 
 We have an approved stock repurchase program. The total authorization under this program is 3,763,038 shares. Since the inception of the program in June 1999, a total of 3,070,548 shares have been repurchased. We repurchase shares from employees in connection with settlement of transactions under our equity incentive plans. We also intend to acquire shares from time to time at prevailing market prices if and to the extent we deem it is advisable to do so based on our assessment of corporate cash flow, market conditions and other factors. 
 
 Proceeds from stock options exercised were 3,212 and 6,943 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Dividend payments were 20,713 and 18,723 during 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Other Matters Impacting Liquidity 
 We currently provide postretirement benefits in the form of two retirement medical plans, as discussed in Note 15, Employee Benefit Plans. The liability recorded in other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 1,465 and 1,293, respectively, and the plans are not funded. Historical cash payments made under these plans have typically been less than 200 per year. We do not anticipate any changes to the payments made in the current year for the plans. 
 
 On June 1, 2018, we established an unfunded, nonqualified deferred compensation plan maintained for the benefit of a select group of management or highly compensated employees. Assets of the plan are held in a rabbi trust, which are included in non-current assets on our balance sheet. They are subject to additional risk of loss in the event of bankruptcy or insolvency of the Company. The deferred compensation liability as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 8,543 and 6,270, respectively, and is included in other long-term obligations on our balance sheet. The related rabbi trust assets were 8,547 and 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 6,267 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and were included in "other non-current assets" on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Chemogas has an unfunded defined benefit plan. The plan provides for the payment of a lump sum at retirement or payments in case of death of the covered employees. The amount recorded for these obligations on our balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 393 and 684, respectively, and was included in other long-term obligations. 
 
 Related Party Transactions 
 
 We were engaged in related party transactions with St. Gabriel CC Company, LLC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Refer to Note 18, Related Party Transactions. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Critical accounting estimates are those estimates made in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. Our management is required to make these critical accounting estimates and assumptions during the preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These estimates and assumptions impact the reported amount of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements. Estimates and assumptions are reviewed periodically, and the effects of revisions are reflected in the consolidated financial statements in the period they are determined to be necessary. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 
 Our critical accounting estimates are those that require application of management's most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods. Management considers the following to be critical accounting estimates. 
 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 
 The valuation methods and assumptions used in valuing goodwill and identified intangibles and assessing the impairment of goodwill and identified intangibles involves a significant level of estimation uncertainty. In addition, the assumptions used in determining the useful life of an intangible asset involves a significant level of estimation uncertainty. Refer to the Goodwill and Acquired Intangible Assets section in Note 1, Business Description and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, for details related to the valuation and impairment process of both goodwill and intangible assets. Changes in market conditions, laws and regulations, and key assumptions made in future quantitative assessments, including expected cash flows, competitive factors and discount rates, could result in the recognition of an impairment charge, and in turn could have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations in subsequent periods. 
 
 Contingent Consideration Liabilities 
 
 In connection with recent acquisitions (see Note 2, Significant Acquisitions), the sellers of each of the acquired entities have an opportunity to receive an additional payment if certain financial performance targets and other metrics are met, thereby requiring us to record contingent consideration liabilities on our balance sheet. The valuation methods and assumptions used in assessing the contingent consideration liabilities involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty. The value of the contingent consideration liability could change depending on the performance results of the acquired entities, resulting in additional expenses or income, and in turn could have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations in subsequent periods. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 The valuation methods and assumptions used in calculating income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and valuation allowances involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty. Refer to the Income Taxes in Note 1, Business Description and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, for details. Changes in the assumptions such as our forecast of future market growth, forecasted earnings, future taxable income, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies could result in income taxes adjustments, and in turn could have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations in subsequent periods. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Note 1, Business Description and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements regarding significant accounting policies and recent accounting pronouncements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Our cash and cash equivalents are held primarily in certificates of deposit and money market investment funds. In 2019, we entered into an interest rate swap and cross-currency swap for hedging purposes. Refer to details noted below (see Note 20, Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities). Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, our borrowings were under a revolving loan bearing interest at a fluctuating rate as defined by the Credit Agreement plus an applicable rate (see Note 8, Revolving Loan). The applicable rate is based upon our consolidated net leverage ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement. A 100 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates, applied to our borrowings at December 31, 2022, would result in an increase or decrease in annual interest expense and a corresponding reduction or increase in cash flow of approximately 4,406. We are exposed to commodity price risks, including prices of our primary raw materials. Our objective is to seek a reduction in the potential negative earnings impact of raw material pricing arising in our business activities. We manage these financial exposures, where possible, through pricing and operational means. Our practices may change as economic conditions change. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We have exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates, including the interest rate relating to our credit agreement dated July 27, 2022 (see Note 8, Revolving Loan). In 2019, we began to manage our interest rate exposure through the use of derivative instruments. All of our derivative instruments are utilized for risk management purposes, and are not used for trading or speculative purposes. We have hedged a portion of our floating interest rate exposure using an interest rate swap (see Note 20, Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities). As of December 31, 2022, the notional amount of our outstanding interest rate swap was 108,569. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 
 The financial condition and results of operations of our foreign subsidiaries are reported in local currencies and then translated into U.S. dollars at the applicable currency exchange rate for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. Therefore, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange risk related to these currencies. In 2019, we entered into a cross-currency swap, with a notional amount of 108,569, which we designated as a hedge of our net investment in Chemogas (see Note 20, Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities). 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: Page Numbers Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 28 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 20 2 2 and 20 2 1 
 31 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the years ended December 31, 20 2 2 , 20 2 1 and 20 20 
 32 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 20 2 2 , 20 2 1 and 20 20 
 33 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 20 2 2 , 20 2 1 and 20 20 
 34 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 20 2 2 , 20 2 1 and 20 20 
 35 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 36 
 Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended December 31, 20 2 2 , 20 2 1 and 20 20 
 71 

27 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Balchem Corporation 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Balchem Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and schedule listed at Item 8 (collectively, the financial statements). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. 
 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. 
 
 As described in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, management has excluded Kechu BidCo AS and its subsidiaries (Kappa) and Cardinal Associates, Inc. (Bergstrom) from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, because they were acquired by the Company in purchase business combinations in the second and third quarters, respectively, of 2022. We have also excluded Kappa and Bergstrom from our audit of internal control over financial reporting. Kappa and Bergstrom are wholly owned subsidiaries whose total assets and net sales collectively represent approximately 24.5 percent and 2.4 percent, respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements and an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Valuation of customer relationships, technology and contingent consideration related to acquisitions 
 As described in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company completed two acquisitions during the year, acquiring Kechu BidCo AS and its subsidiaries (collectively, Kappa) in June 2022 and Cardinal Associates Inc. and its Bergstrom Nutrition business (collectively, Bergstrom) in August 2022. The total consideration on acquisition date for Kappa amounted to 307 million, which included an estimated acquisition-date fair value contingent consideration of 4 million. The total consideration on acquisition date for Bergstrom amounted to 78 million, which included an estimated acquisition-date fair value contingent consideration of 8 million. The respective contingent consideration may be paid if certain targets are achieved in 2023. The acquisition-date fair values of the contingent consideration liabilities were estimated using a scenario-based approach, estimating the expected payments based on the likelihood of achieving the respective targets. In connection with the acquisitions of Kappa and Bergstrom, the Company acquired customer relationships with acquisition-date fair values of 89 million and 30 million, respectively, and technology with acquisition-date fair values of 16 million and 5 million, respectively. For both acquisitions, management used the multi-period excess earnings method, a form of the income valuation approach, to determine the respective fair values of the customer relationships acquired and the relief from royalty method to determine the respective fair values of the technology acquired. 
 
 In estimating the acquisition-date fair values of the contingent consideration, customer relationships and technology, management was required to make significant judgments in formulating the significant estimates and assumptions about future sales and operating expenses, probability of certain financial forecast scenarios, attrition rates, obsolescence curves, growth rates, royalty rates, and discount rates when utilizing the aforementioned valuation methods. 
 
 We identified the Company s valuation of the contingent consideration, customer relationships, and technology related to the acquisitions of Kappa and Bergstrom as a critical audit matter due to the high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and audit effort, including the use of our fair value specialists, involved in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to significant estimates and assumptions utilized by management, including sales, operating expenses, attrition rates, obsolescence curves, growth rates, royalty rates, and discount rates, when calculating the fair values of the contingent consideration, customer relationships, and technology. 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the Company s valuation of the contingent consideration, customer relationships, and technology in connection with the aforementioned acquisitions included the following, among others: 
 
 We obtained an understanding of the relevant controls related to the valuation of the contingent consideration, customer relationships, and technology and tested such controls for design and operating effectiveness, including management review controls related to the development of significant assumptions including future sales and operating expenses, attrition rates, obsolescence curves, growth rates, royalty rates and discount rates. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of management s forecasts of sales and operating expense growth rates and attrition rates by comparing the forecasts to (1) the historical results (2) internal communications to management and the Board of Directors, and (3) external communications made by management to analysts and investors, as applicable. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of management s determination of useful lives. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the discount rates, royalty rates, and the probability of certain financial forecast scenarios, and tested the relevance and reliability of source information underlying the determination of the discount rates and royalty rates, and developed a range of independent estimates, which we compared to the discount rates, royalty rates and the contingent consideration fair value arrived at by management. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

Valuation of Reporting Units for Goodwill Impairment Testing 
 As described in Note 1 and 6 to the financial statements, the Company s goodwill balance was 770 million as of December 31, 2022. The Company performed an annual goodwill impairment test as of October 1, 2022 using a quantitative evaluation for each of its reporting units. The Company determines the fair value of its reporting units using the income approach, based on a discounted cash flow valuation model. To test for goodwill impairment, the Company compares the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. When determining the fair value of each reporting unit, management makes significant estimates and assumptions related to a number of factors. The Company considers the impact of factors that are specific to each of the reporting units such as industry and economic changes as well as projected sales and expense growth rates based upon annual budgets and longer-range strategic plans, which are highly sensitive to changes in domestic and foreign economic conditions, and the selection of appropriate discount rates. 
 
 Given the significant estimates and assumptions management makes to determine the fair value of the reporting units and the sensitivity of the operations to changes in U.S. and foreign economic conditions, we identified management s assumptions related to the sales and expense growth rates, the discount rates, and the terminal value calculation utilized in the valuation of the reporting units within the Company s goodwill impairment tests as a critical audit matter. Auditing the reasonableness of management s estimates and assumptions required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists. 
 
 Our audit procedures related to sales and expense growth rates, discount rates, and the terminal value calculation utilized in the valuation of the Company s reporting units included the following, among others: 
 
 We obtained an understanding of the relevant controls related to the valuation of the Company s reporting units and tested such controls for design and operating effectiveness, including management review controls related to sales and expense growth rates and the selection of appropriate discount rates. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of management s forecasted sales and expense growth rates by comparing actual results to management s historical forecasts. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of management s forecasts of sales and expense growth rates by comparing the forecasts to (1) the historical results, (2) internal communications to management and the Board of Directors, and (3) external communications made by management to analysts and investors, as applicable 
 We evaluated changes in the regulatory environment using industry reports containing analysis of the Company s markets and assessed whether these changes were reflected in management s forecasts of sales and expense growth rates. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the discount rates and tested the relevance and reliability of source information underlying the determination of the discount rates, tested the mathematical accuracy of the calculation, and developed a range of independent estimates and compared those to the discount rates selected by management. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness and tested the mathematical accuracy of the terminal value calculation. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2004. 
 
 February 24, 2023 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 BALCHEM CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 2022 2021 Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Inventories, net Prepaid expenses Derivative assets Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets with finite lives, net Right of use assets - operating leases Right of use assets - finance lease Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Trade accounts payable Accrued expenses Accrued compensation and other benefits Dividends payable Income tax payable Operating lease liabilities - current Finance lease liabilities - current Total current liabilities Revolving loan Deferred income taxes Operating lease liabilities - non-current Finance lease liabilities - non-current Derivative liabilities Other long-term obligations Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value. Authorized shares; ne issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value. Authorized shares; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 BALCHEM CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Cost of sales Gross margin Operating expenses: Selling expenses Research and development expenses General and administrative expenses Earnings from operations Other expenses: Interest expense, net Other, net ) Earnings before income tax expense Income tax expense Net earnings Basic net earnings per common share Diluted net earnings per common share 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 BALCHEM CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net earnings Other comprehensive (loss)/ income, net of tax: Net foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Unrealized gain/(loss) on cash flow hedge, net of taxes of , , and at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively 
 ) Net change in postretirement benefit plan, net of taxes of , , and at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 ) ) Other comprehensive (loss)/ income, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 BALCHEM CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Total Stockholders' Equity Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Shares Amount Balance - December 31, 2019 ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income Dividends per share) 
 ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Shares and options issued under stock plans Balance - December 31, 2020 Net earnings Other comprehensive (loss) ) ) Dividends per share) 
 ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Shares and options issued under stock plans Balance - December 31, 2021 ) Net earnings Other comprehensive (loss) ) ) Dividends per share) 
 ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Shares and options issued under stock plans Balance - December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

BALCHEM CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net earnings Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock compensation expense Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Provision for doubtful accounts Unrealized loss/(gain) on foreign currency transactions and deferred compensation ) Asset impairment charge Loss/(gain) on disposal of assets ) Changes in assets and liabilities, net of acquired balances Accounts receivable ) ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) ) Income taxes Other ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Capital expenditures and intangible assets acquired ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of assets Proceeds from insurance Purchase of convertible notes ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from revolving loan Principal payments on revolving loan ) ) ) Principal payment on acquired debt ) Cash paid for financing costs ) Principal payments on finance lease ) ) ) Proceeds from stock options exercised Dividends paid ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents end of period 
 
 Supplemental Cash Flow Information - see Note 13 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 BALCHEM CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (All amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 

NOTE 1 - 

36 

Table of Contents 

 - years 
 Equipment - years 
 
 Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense. Alterations and major overhauls that extend the lives or increase the capacity of plant assets are capitalized. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost of the assets and the related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any resultant gain or loss is included in earnings from operations. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, subject to the provisions of ASC 350, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other. 
 Goodwill at December 31, 2020 Impact due to change in foreign exchange rates ) Goodwill at December 31, 2021 Goodwill as a result of the Kappa acquisition Goodwill as a result of the Bergstrom acquisition Impact due to change in foreign exchange rates ) Goodwill at December 31, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 HNH ANH Specialty Products Other and Unallocated Total 
 - 
 Trademarks and trade names - 
 Developed technology - 
 Regulatory registration costs - 
 Patents and trade secrets - 
 Other - 

38 

Table of Contents 

39 

Table of Contents 

40 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 2 
 
 of the voting equity interests of Cardinal and its Bergstrom Nutrition business (collectively, "Bergstrom"). Bergstrom Nutrition is a leading science-based manufacturer of MSM, based in Vancouver, Washington. MSM is a widely used nutritional ingredient with strong scientific evidence supporting its benefits for joint health, sports nutrition, skin and beauty, healthy aging, and pet health. The addition of OptiMSM , Bergstrom Nutrition's MSM brand, to the Company's portfolio within the Human Nutrition and Health and Animal Nutrition and Health segments provides a synergistic scientific advantage in Balchem's key strategic therapeutic focus areas such as longevity and performance and is a strong fit with Balchem's specialty, science-backed mineral products. 
 
 The Company made payments of for the acquisition, amounting to to the former shareholders or on behalf of the former shareholders and to pay off Bergstrom's bank debt. Net of cash acquired of , total payments made to the former shareholders or on behalf of the former shareholders of Bergstrom were . The acquisition was primarily financed through the 2022 Credit Agreement (see Note 8, Revolving Loan). In connection with this transaction, the former shareholders of Bergstrom have an opportunity to receive an additional payment in 2024 if certain financial performance targets and other metrics are met, and therefore the Company recorded a contingent consideration liability, which was valued at as of December 31, 2022. As a result, total payments related to the transaction are expected to be , comprised of the upfront cash consideration of and the fair value of the earn-out payment of . 
 
 The goodwill of that arose on the acquisition date consists largely of expected synergies, including the combined entities' experience and technical problem-solving capabilities, and acquired workforce. of the goodwill is assigned to the Human Nutrition and Health business segment and of the goodwill is assigned to the Animal Nutrition and Health business segment. For tax purposes, a joint election under 338(h)(10) was made to treat the stock acquisition as a deemed asset acquisition, therefore generating tax amortizable goodwill. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Accounts receivable Inventories Property, plant and equipment Right of use assets Customer relationships Developed technology Trademarks Other assets Accounts payable ) Other current liabilities ) Bank debt ) Lease liabilities ) Goodwill Total consideration on acquisition date Increase to contingent consideration liability Total expected consideration To pay off bank debt Total expected payments 
 The estimated fair value of tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed is based on management s estimates and assumptions, which are subject to change. In preparing our preliminary fair value estimates of the intangible assets and certain tangible assets acquired, management, among other things, consulted an independent advisor. Valuation methods utilized include net realizable value for inventory, multi-period excess earnings method for customer relationships, the relief from royalty method for other intangible assets, and a scenario-based approach for the contingent consideration. The Company made certain measurement period adjustments based on changes in facts and circumstances as of the acquisition date, which resulted in an increase in the value of intangible assets of and a decrease in property, plant and equipment and goodwill of and , respectively. The purchase price and related allocation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is preliminary pending final working capital true-up negotiations with the sellers. 
 Customer relationships are amortized over a period utilizing a percentage of excess earnings over economic life method. The corporate trademark and product trademarks are amortized over years and years, respectively, and developed technology is amortized over years, utilizing the straight-line method as the consumption pattern of the related economic benefits cannot be reliably determined. 
 
 Transaction and integration costs related to the Bergstrom acquisition are included in general and administrative expenses and were for the year ended December 31, 2022. There were such amounts related to this acquisition for years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

42 

Table of Contents 

("kr" indicates the Norwegian krone), amounting to approximately kr to the former shareholders and approximately kr to Kappa's lenders to pay off all Kappa bank debt. Net of cash acquired of kr , total payments to the former shareholders were kr . Net of gains on foreign currency forward contracts of (see Note 20, Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities), these payments translated to approximately , amounting to approximately paid to the former shareholders and approximately to Kappa's lenders. Net of cash acquired of , total payments made to the former shareholders of Kappa were approximately . The acquisition was primarily financed through the 2018 Credit Agreement (see Note 8, Revolving Loan). In connection with this transaction, the former shareholders of Kappa have an opportunity to receive an additional payment in 2024 if certain financial performance targets and other metrics are met. There was contingent consideration liability recorded as of December 31, 2022. 
 The goodwill of that arose on the acquisition date consists largely of expected synergies, including the combined entities' experience and technical problem-solving capabilities, and acquired workforce. The goodwill is assigned to the Human Nutrition and Health business segment and is not deductible for income tax purposes. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Accounts receivable Inventories Property, plant and equipment Right of use assets Customer relationships Developed technology Trademarks Other assets Accounts payable ) Bank debt ) Lease liabilities ) Other liabilities ) Deferred income taxes, net ) Goodwill Total consideration on acquisition date Decrease to contingent consideration liability ) Net gain on foreign currency exchange forward contracts ) Total expected consideration Kappa bank debt paid on acquisition date Total expected payments 
 The estimated fair value of tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed is based on management s estimates and assumptions, which are subject to change. In preparing our preliminary fair value estimates of the intangible assets and certain tangible assets acquired, management, among other things, consulted an independent advisor. Valuation methods utilized include net realizable value for inventory, multi-period excess earnings method for customer relationships, the relief from royalty method for other intangible assets, and a scenario-based approach for the contingent consideration. The Company made certain measurement period adjustments based on changes in facts and circumstances as of the acquisition date, which resulted in a decrease in the value of intangible assets, contingent consideration, and deferred income tax liabilities of , , and , respectively, and an increase in goodwill of . The purchase price and related allocation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is preliminary pending management's final review of deferred tax liabilities related to certain non-deductible assets. 
 Customer relationships are amortized over a period utilizing a percentage of excess earnings over economic life method. The corporate trademark and product trademarks are amortized over years and years, respectively, and developed technology is amortized over years, utilizing the straight-line method as the consumption pattern of the related economic benefits cannot be reliably determined. 
 Transaction and integration costs related to the Kappa acquisition are included in general and administrative expenses and was for year ended December 31, 2022. There were such amounts related to this acquisition for year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 ) 2022 Supplemental pro forma combined financial 2021 Supplemental pro forma combined financial 
 
 The above selected unaudited pro forma information includes the following acquisition-related adjustments: (1) additional amortization of intangible assets and depreciation of fixed assets; (2) adjustments related to the fair value of the acquired inventory, (3) adjustments to interest expense on borrowings at rates in effect during the related period, factoring in estimated payments based on free cash flow, and (4) other one-time adjustments. 
 
 The pro forma information presented does not purport to be indicative of the results that actually would have been attained if these acquisitions had occurred at the beginning of the periods presented and is not intended to be a projection of future results. 

NOTE 3 - 
 
 Operating expenses Net earnings ) ) ) 
 
 On December 31, 2022, the Company had share-based compensation plan under which awards may be granted, which is described below. 
 
 In June 2017, the Company adopted the Balchem Corporation 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan 2017 Plan for officers, employees and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries. The 2017 Plan replaced the 1999 Stock Plan and amendments and restatements thereto (collectively to be referred to as the 1999 Plan"), which expired on April 9, 2018. No further awards will be made under the 1999 Plan, and the shares that remained available for grant under the 1999 Plan will only be used to settle outstanding awards granted under the 1999 Plan and will not become available under the 2017 Plan. The 2017 Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company. The 2017 Plan provides as follows: (i) for a termination date of June 13, 2027; (ii) the authorization of shares for future grants (which represents a reduction from the shares authorized for grant under the 1999 Plan); (iii) for the making of grants of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, and other stock-based awards, as well as for the making of cash performance awards; (iv) except as provided in an employment agreement as in effect on the effective date of the 2017 Plan, no automatic acceleration of outstanding awards upon the occurrence of a change in control of the Company; (v) certain annual limits on the number of shares and amount of cash that may be granted; (vii) for dividends or dividend equivalents otherwise payable on an unvested award to accrue and be paid only at such time as the vesting conditions applicable to the underlying award have been 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 after the date of grant. 
 
 The shares to be issued upon exercise of the outstanding options have been approved, reserved and are adequate to cover all exercises. As of December 31, 2022, the 2017 Plan had shares available for future awards. 
 
 The Company has Restricted Stock Grant Agreements with the Company's non employee directors and certain employees. Under the Restricted Stock Grant Agreements, certain shares of the Common Stock have been granted, ranging from shares to shares, to its non-employee directors and certain employees, subject to time-based vesting requirements. 
 
 The Company also has performance share PS awards, which provide the recipients the right to receive a certain number of shares of the Common Stock in the future, subject to an (1) EBITDA performance hurdle, where vesting is dependent upon the Company achieving a certain EBITDA percentage growth over the performance period, and (2) relative total shareholder return TSR market condition where vesting is dependent upon the Company s TSR performance over the performance period (typically relative to a comparator group consisting of the Russell 2000 index constituents. 
 
 The fair value of each option award issued under the Company s stock plans is estimated on the date of grant using either the Black-Scholes model or the Binomial model, whichever is deemed to be most appropriate. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the fair value of each option grant uses the assumptions noted in the following table. Expected volatilities are based on historical volatility of the Company s stock. The expected term of the options is based on the Company s historical experience of employees exercise behavior. Dividend yields are based on the Company s historical dividend yields. 
 Expected Term (in years) Risk-Free Interest Rate Dividend Yield 
 The value of the restricted shares is based on the fair value of the award at the date of grant. 
 Performance Share expense is measured based on the fair value at the date of grant utilizing a Black-Scholes methodology to produce a Monte-Carlo simulation model which allows for the incorporation of the performance hurdles that must be met before the Performance Share vests. The assumptions used in the fair value determination were risk free interest rates of , , and ; dividend yields of , , and ; volatilities of , , and ; and initial TSR s of - , , and in each case for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Expense is based on the estimated number of shares expected to vest, assuming the requisite service period is rendered and the probable outcome of the performance condition is achieved. The estimate is revised if subsequent information indicates that the actual number of shares likely to vest differs from previous estimates. Expense is ultimately adjusted based on the actual achievement of service and performance targets. The Performance Shares will cliff vest at the end of the third year following the grant in accordance with the performance metrics set forth. 
 Compensation expense for stock options and stock awards is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, generally three to for stock options, for employee restricted stock awards, for employee performance share awards, and for non-employee director restricted stock awards. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Exercised ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) Cancelled ) Outstanding at end of year Exercisable at end of year 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value for outstanding stock options was , and at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, with a weighted average remaining contractual term of years at December 31, 2022. Exercisable stock options at December 31, 2022 had an aggregate intrinsic value of with a weighted average remaining contractual term of years. 
 
 Total intrinsic value of stock options exercised 000s) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

47 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) Non-vested balance at end of year 
 
 Granted Vested ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) Non-vested balance at end of year 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, there was , and , respectively, of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements granted under the plans. As of December 31, 2022, the unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. We estimate that share-based compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2023 will be approximately . 
 Repurchase of Common Stock 
 shares. Since the inception of the program in June 1999, a total of shares have been purchased. The Company s prior presentation of reflecting treasury stock separately within stockholders equity has been adjusted to conform to the presentation adopted in 2021 as prescribed by the State of Maryland, where the Company is incorporated. In connection therewith, adjustments to balances previously reflected as treasury stock of and for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 were made to the consolidated statements of stockholders equity and prior references to Treasury shares purchased were updated to Repurchases of common stock , accordingly. There was no impact to total stockholders equity in any of the years presented as a result of these updates. The Company intends to acquire shares from time to time at prevailing market prices if and to the extent it deems it is advisable to do so based on its assessment of corporate cash flow, market conditions and other factors. The Company also repurchases shares from employees in connection with settlement of transactions under the Company's equity incentive plans. During 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company purchased , , and shares, respectively, from open market purchases and from employees on a net-settlement basis to provide cash to employees to cover the associated employee payroll taxes. These shares were purchased at an average cost of , , and per share, respectively. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 4 - 
 Work in progress Finished goods Total inventories 
 On a regular basis, the Company evaluates its inventory balances for excess quantities and obsolescence by analyzing demand, inventory on hand, sales levels and other information. Based on these evaluations, inventory balances are reserved, if necessary. The reserve for inventory was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

NOTE 5 - 
 Building Equipment Construction in progress Less: Accumulated depreciation Property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 Foreign Countries Total 
 Depreciation expense was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

NOTE 6 - 
 
 and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, subject to the provisions of ASC 350, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other. The increase in goodwill is the result of the acquisitions of Kappa and Bergstrom, partially offset by foreign exchange translation adjustments. 

49 

- 
 Trademarks and trade names - 
 Developed technology - 
 Other - 

Amortization of identifiable intangible assets was , and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Assuming no change in the gross carrying value of identifiable intangible assets, the estimated amortization expense is approximately in 2023, in 2024, in 2025, in 2026, and in 2027. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were identifiable intangible assets with indefinite useful lives as defined by ASC 350, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other. Identifiable intangible assets are reflected in the Company s consolidated balance sheets under Intangible assets with finite lives, net. There were no changes to the useful lives of intangible assets subject to amortization in 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act, FIFRA ), a health and safety statute, requires that certain products within our specialty products segment must be registered with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (the "EPA") because they are considered pesticides. Costs of such registrations are included as other in the table above. 

NOTE 7 
 / ownership), St. Gabriel CC Company, LLC, to design, develop, and construct an expansion of the Company s St. Gabriel aqueous choline chloride plant. The Company contributed the St. Gabriel plant, at cost, and all continued expansion and improvements are funded by the owners. The joint venture became operational as of July 1, 2016. St. Gabriel CC Company, LLC is a Variable Interest Entity (VIE) because the total equity at risk is not sufficient to permit the joint venture to finance its own activities without additional subordinated financial support. Additionally, voting rights votes each) are not proportionate to the owners obligation to absorb expected losses or receive the expected residual returns of the joint venture. The Company will receive up to 2/3 of the production offtake capacity and absorbs operating expenses approximately proportional to the actual percentage of offtake. The joint venture is accounted for under the equity method of accounting since the Company is not the primary beneficiary as the Company does not have the power to direct the activities of the joint venture that most significantly impact its economic performance. The Company recognized a loss of , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, relating to its portion of the joint venture s expenses in other expense. The Company made capital contributions to the investment totaling , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. The carrying value of the joint venture at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively, and is recorded in other assets. 

NOTE 8 
 
 , due on June 27, 2023. During the second quarter of 2022, the Company borrowed under the 2018 Credit Agreement to fund the Kappa acquisition (see Note 2,Significant Acquisitions). On July 27, 2022, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the "2022 Credit Agreement") with certain lenders in the form of a senior secured revolving credit facility, due on July 27, 2027. The 2022 Credit Agreement allows for up to of borrowing. The loans may be used for working capital, letters of credit, and other corporate purposes and may be drawn upon at the Company s discretion. The Company used initial proceeds from the 2022 Credit Agreement to repay the outstanding balance of due in June 2023 under the 2018 Credit Agreement. During the third quarter of 2022, the Company borrowed another to fund the Bergstrom acquisition (see Note 2, Significant Acquisitions). As of December 31, 2022, the total balance outstanding on the 2022 Credit Agreement amounted to . As of December 31, 2021, the total balance outstanding on the 2018 Credit Agreement amounted to . There are installment payments required on the revolving loans; they may be voluntarily prepaid in whole or in part without premium or penalty, and all outstanding amounts are due on the maturity date. In connection with entering into the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, the Company also modified its existing interest rate swap under the relief provided for in ASC 848, "Reference Rate Reform" (see Note 20 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities). 
 50 

Table of Contents 

at December 31, 2022. The Company is also required to pay a commitment fee on the unused portion of the revolving loan, which is based on the Company s consolidated net leverage ratio as defined in the 2022 Credit Agreement and ranges from to at December 31, 2022). The unused portion of the revolving loan amounted to at December 31, 2022. The Company is also required to pay, as applicable, letter of credit fees, administrative agent fees, and other fees to the arrangers and lenders. 
 
 Costs associated with the issuance of the revolving loans are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the 2022 Credit Agreement. Capitalized costs net of accumulated amortization totaled and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and are included in other assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Amortization expense pertaining to these costs totaled , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and are included in "Interest expense" in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of earnings. 
 
 The 2022 Credit Agreement contains quarterly covenants requiring the consolidated leverage ratio to be less than a certain maximum ratio and the consolidated interest coverage ratio to exceed a certain minimum ratio. At December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with these covenants. Indebtedness under the Company s loan agreements is secured by assets of the Company. 

NOTE 9 - 
 Share (000s) Weighted Average Common Shares - Basic Effect of Dilutive Securities Stock Options, Restricted Stock, and Performance Shares Weighted Average Common Shares - Diluted Net Earnings Per Share - Basic Net Earnings Per Share - Diluted 
 , , and for 2022, 2021, and 2020. Anti-dilutive shares could potentially dilute basic earnings per share in future periods and therefore, were not included in diluted earnings per share. 

NOTE 10 - 
 
 , , and , respectively. The decrease from 2021 to 2022 is primarily due to an increase in certain tax credits and deductions and certain lower state taxes. 
 
 On March 27, 2020, Congress passed the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, and on December 31, 2020, Congress passed an additional round of COVID relief legislation as part of the Bipartisan-Bicameral Omnibus COVID Relief Deal. The Company has reviewed the change in law and determined that it does not have a significant impact on the Company s tax provision or financial statements. In addition, Balchem will continue to evaluate and analyze the impact of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that was enacted on December 22, 2017 and the additional guidance that has been issued, and may be issued, by the U.S. Department of Treasury, the SEC, and/or the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") regarding this act. 

51 

Table of Contents 

 Foreign State Deferred: Federal ) ) ) Foreign ) ) State ) ) ) Total income tax provision 
 State income taxes, net of Federal income taxes Stock Options ) ) ) FDII ) ) ) Foreign rate differential Other ) ) Total income tax provision 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Restricted stock and stock options Lease liabilities Foreign currency and interest rate swaps Research and development Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax (liabilities): Amortization ) ) Depreciation ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Foreign currency and interest rate swaps ) Right of use assets ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax (liabilities) ) ) Valuation allowance ) Net deferred tax (liability) ) ) 
 
 In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based upon the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are deductible, management believes it is more likely than not the Company will not realize the benefits of these deductible differences. The amount of deferred tax asset realizable, however, could change if management s estimate of future taxable income should change. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has state income tax net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards of . The state NOL carryforwards will expire between 2026 and 2035. The Company believes that the benefit from the state NOL carryforwards will not be realized, therefore a valuation allowance has been established in the amount of . The Company also acquired an insignificant amount of NOL carryforwards with the acquisition of Chemogas Holding NV, a privately held specialty gases company headquartered in Grimbergen, Belgium ("Chemogas"). 
 Provisions of ASC 740-10 clarify whether or not to recognize assets or liabilities for tax positions taken that may be challenged by a tax authority. 
 Increases for tax positions of prior years Decreases for tax positions of prior years ) ) ) Increases for tax positions related to current year Balance at end of period 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 . During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, total interest and penalties amounted to approximate ly and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrued interest and penalties were and , respectivel y. 
 Balchem files income tax returns in the U.S. and in various states and foreign countries. In the major jurisdictions where the Company operates, it is generally no longer subject to income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2018 and management does not anticipate any material change in the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits to occur within the next twelve months. 

NOTE 11 - 
 reportable segments: Human Nutrition and Health, Animal Nutrition and Health, and Specialty Products. Sales and production of products outside of our reportable segments and other minor business activities are included in "Other and Unallocated." 
 
 Human Nutrition and Health 
 
 The Human Nutrition and Health ("HNH") segment provides human grade choline nutrients and mineral amino acid chelated products through this segment for nutrition and health applications. Choline is recognized to play a key role in the development and structural integrity of brain cell membranes in infants, processing dietary fat, reproductive development and neural functions, such as memory and muscle function. The Company's mineral amino acid chelates, specialized mineral salts, and mineral complexes are used as raw materials for inclusion in premier human nutrition products; proprietary technologies have been combined to create an organic molecule in a form the body can readily assimilate. Sales growth for human nutrition applications is reliant on differentiation from lower-cost competitive products through scientific data, intellectual property and customers' appreciation of brand value. Consequently, the Company makes investments in such activities for long-term value differentiation. This segment also serves the food and beverage industry for beverage, bakery, dairy, confectionary, and savory manufacturers. The Company partners with its customers from ideation through commercialization to bring on-trend beverages, baked goods, confections, dairy and meat products to market. The Company has expertise in trends analysis and product development. With its strong manufacturing capabilities in customized spray dried and emulsified powders, extrusion and agglomeration, blended lipid systems, liquid flavor delivery systems, juice and dairy bases, chocolate systems, ice cream bases and variegates, the Company is a one-stop solutions provider for beverage and dairy product development needs. Additionally, this segment provides microencapsulation solutions to a variety of applications in food, pharmaceutical and nutritional ingredients to enhance performance of nutritional fortification, processing, mixing, and packaging applications and shelf-life. Major product applications are baked goods, refrigerated and frozen dough systems, processed meats, seasoning blends, confections, sports and protein bars, dietary plans, and nutritional supplements. The Company also creates cereal systems for ready-to-eat cereals, grain-based snacks, and cereal based ingredients. Through the Kappa and Bergstrom acquisitions, respectively, this segment recently began manufacturing specialty vitamin K2, which is a fast-growing specialty vitamin that plays a crucial role in the human body for bone health, heart health and immunity, and MSM, which is a widely used nutritional ingredient that provides benefits for joint health, sports nutrition, skin and beauty, and healthy aging. 
 
 Animal Nutrition and Health 
 
 The Company s Animal Nutrition and Health ("ANH") segment provides nutritional products derived from its microencapsulation and chelation technologies in addition to the essential nutrient choline chloride. For ruminant animals, the Company s microencapsulated products boost health and milk production by delivering nutrient supplements that are biologically available, providing required nutritional levels. The Company s proprietary chelation technology provides enhanced nutrient absorption for various species of production and companion animals and is marketed for use in animal feed throughout the world. ANH also manufactures and supplies choline chloride, an essential nutrient for monogastric animal health, predominantly to the poultry, pet and swine industries. Choline, which is manufactured and sold in both dry and aqueous forms, plays a vital role in the metabolism of fat. In poultry, choline deficiency can result in reduced growth rates and perosis in young birds, while in swine production choline is a necessary and required component of gestating and lactating sow diets for both liver health and prevention of leg deformity. Through the Bergstrom acquisition, this segment recently began manufacturing MSM, which is a widely used nutritional ingredient that provides benefits for pet health. 

54 

Table of Contents 

 Animal Nutrition and Health Specialty Products Other and Unallocated (1) 
 Total 
 
 Business Segment Net Sales 
 2022 2021 2020 Human Nutrition and Health Animal Nutrition and Health Specialty Products Other and Unallocated (2) 
 Total 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Animal Nutrition and Health Specialty Products Other and Unallocated (2) 
 ) ) ) Interest and other expense ) ) ) Total 

Depreciation/Amortization 2022 2021 2020 Human Nutrition and Health Animal Nutrition and Health Specialty Products Other and Unallocated (2) 
 Total 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 2022 2021 2020 Human Nutrition and Health Animal Nutrition and Health Specialty Products Other and Unallocated (2) 
 Total 
 
 (1) Other and Unallocated assets consist of certain cash, capitalized loan issuance costs, other assets, investments, and income taxes, which the Company does not allocate to its individual business segments. It also includes assets associated with a few minor businesses which individually do not meet the quantitative thresholds for separate presentation. 
 (2) Other and Unallocated consists of a few minor businesses which individually do not meet the quantitative thresholds for separate presentation and corporate expenses that have not been allocated to a segment. Unallocated corporate expenses consist of: (i) Transaction and integration costs, ERP implementation costs, and unallocated legal fees totaling , and for years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020, respectively, and (ii) Unallocated amortization expense of , , and for years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 , and 2020, respectively, related to an intangible asset in connection with a company-wide ERP system implementation. 

56 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 12 - 
 Co-manufacturing Bill and Hold Consignment Product Sales Revenue Royalty Revenue Total Revenue 
 
 The following table presents revenues disaggregated by geography, based on customers' delivery addresses: 
 
 2022 2021 2020 United States Foreign Countries Total 
 
 Product Sales Revenues 
 
 The Company s primary operation is the manufacturing and sale of health and wellness ingredient products, in which the Company receives an order from a customer and fulfills that order. The Company s product sales are considered point-in-time revenue and consist of sub-streams: product sales, co-manufacturing, bill and hold, and consignment. 
 
 Under the co-manufacturing agreements, the Company is responsible for the manufacture of a finished good where the customer provides the majority of the raw materials. The Company controls the manufacturing process and the ultimate end-product before it is shipped to the customer. Based on these factors, the Company has determined that it is the principal in these agreements and therefore revenue is recognized in the gross amount of consideration the Company expects to be entitled for the goods provided. 
 
 Royalty Revenues 
 
 Royalty revenue consists of agreements with customers to use the Company s intellectual property in exchange for a sales-based royalty. Royalties are considered over time revenue and are recorded in the HNH segment. 
 
 Contract Liabilities 
 
 The Company records contract liabilities when cash payments are received or due in advance of performance, including amounts which are refundable. 
 
 The Company s payment terms vary by the type and location of customers and the products offered. The term between invoicing and when payment is due is not significant. For certain products or services and customer types, the Company requires payment before the products are delivered to the customer. 
 
 Practical Expedients and Exemptions 
 
 The Company generally expenses sales commissions when incurred because the amortization period would have been one year or less. These costs are recorded within selling and marketing expenses. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 13 - 
 Interest 
 Non-cash financing and investing activities: 
 2022 2021 2020 Dividends payable Contingent consideration liability 

NOTE 14) ) Net change of cash flow hedge (see Note 20 for further information) Unrealized gain/(loss) on cash flow hedge ) Tax ) ) Net of tax ) Net change in postretirement benefit plan (see Note 15 for further information) Prior service credit and gain arising during the period ) ) ) Amortization of prior service credit Amortization of loss ) ) ) Total before tax ) ) Tax ) ) Adjustment (1) 
 ) Net of tax ) ) Total other comprehensive (loss)/income ) ) 
 (1) One-time adjustment to the postretirement account. 
 Included in "Net foreign currency translation adjustment" were gains/(losses) of , , and ), related to a net investment hedge, net of taxes of ), ), and , for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. See Note 20, Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents ) ) Other comprehensive (loss)/gain ) ) ) Balance December 31, 2022 ) ) 

NOTE 15 - 
 401(k) savings plans for eligible employees, which were merged into plan on January 1, 2021. The remaining plan allows participants to make pretax contributions and the Company matches certain percentages of those pretax contributions. The remaining plan also has a discretionary profit sharing portion and matches 401(k) contributions with shares of the Company s Common Stock. All amounts contributed to the plan are deposited into a trust fund administered by independent trustees. On June 21, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of Kappa, which sponsors defined contribution plan for its employees. In addition, on August 30, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of Bergstrom, which sponsors defined contribution plan for its employees. The plan allows participants to make pretax and after tax contributions. Bergstrom matches certain percentages of those contributions.The Company provided for profit sharing contributions and matching 401(k) savings plan contributions of and in 2022, and in 2021, and and in 2020, respectively. 
 Postretirement Medical Plans 
 The Company provides postretirement benefits in the form of unfunded postretirement medical plans; one that is under a collective bargaining agreement and covers eligible retired employees of the Verona, Missouri facility and a plan for those named as executive officers in the Company s proxy statement. The Company uses a December 31 measurement date for its postretirement medical plans. In accordance with ASC 715, Compensation Retirement Benefits, the Company is required to recognize the over funded or underfunded status of a defined benefit post retirement plan (other than a multiemployer plan) as an asset or liability in its statement of financial position, and to recognize changes in that funded status in the year in which the changes occur through comprehensive income. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Service cost with interest to end of year Interest cost Participant contributions Benefits paid ) ) Actuarial loss Benefit obligation at end of year 
 Employer contributions Participant contributions Benefits paid ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year ) Fair value of plan assets Funded status ) ) Unrecognized prior service cost Unrecognized net gain ) ) Net amount recognized in consolidated balance sheet (after ASC 715) (included in other long-term obligations) ) ) Accrued postretirement benefit cost (included in other long-term obligations) N/A N/A 
 Interest cost Amortization of prior service cost Amortization of gain ) ) ) Total net periodic benefit cost 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Years 2028-2032 
 
 Assumptions to determine net cost: 
 2022 2021 2020 Discount rate 
 Defined Benefit Pension Plans 
 The Company contributes to multiemployer defined benefit plan under the terms of a collective-bargaining agreement covering its union-represented employees of the Verona, Missouri facility. The risks of participation in this multiemployer plan are different from single-employer plans in the following aspects: (a) assets contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers, (b) if a participating employer stops contributing to the plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers, and (c) if the Company was to stop participating in its multiemployer plan, the Company would be required to pay that plan an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan, referred to as the withdrawal liability. 
 increase in the 2022 contribution rate. There have been no other significant changes that affect the comparability of 2022 and 2021 contributions. The Company does not represent more than 5 of the contributions to this pension fund. 
 Pension Fund EIN/Pension Plan Number Pension Plan Protection Act Zone Status FIP/RP Status Pending/ Implemented Contributions of Balchem Corporation Surcharge Imposed Expiration Date of Collective- Bargaining Agreement 2022 2021 2022 2021 2020 Central States, Southeast and Southwest Areas Pension Fund 36-6044243 Critical Declining as of 1/1/22 Critical Declining as of 1/1/21 Implemented No 7/12/2025 
 
 The Company provides an unfunded defined benefit pension plan for employees working in Belgium. The plan provides for the payment of a lump sum at retirement or payments in case of death of the covered employees. 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Service cost with interest to end of year Interest cost Participant contributions Benefits paid ) ) Actuarial gain ) ) Exchange rate changes ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year 
 Actual return on plan assets Employer contributions Participant contributions Benefits paid ) ) Exchange rate changes ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year) ) Fair value of plan assets Funded status ) ) Unrecognized prior service cost N/A N/A Unrecognized net (gain)/loss N/A N/A Net amount recognized in consolidated balance sheet (after ASC 715) (included in other long-term obligations) ) ) Accrued postretirement benefit cost (included in other long-term obligations) N/A N/A 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost Amortization of net loss Total net periodic benefit cost 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Years 2028-2032 
 
 Assumptions to determine net cost: 
 2022 2021 2020 Discount rate Expected return on assets 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 
 The Company maintains an unfunded, non-qualified deferred compensation plan for the benefit of a select group of management or highly compensated employees. Assets of the plan are held in a rabbi trust, which are subject to additional risk of loss in the event of bankruptcy or insolvency of the Company. The deferred compensation liability as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively, and was included in other long-term obligations on the Company's balance sheet. The related rabbi trust assets were and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and were included in other non-current assets on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 

NOTE 16 - 

63 

NOTE 17 
 of which are held for trading purposes. The Company estimates that the fair value of all financial instruments at December 31, 2022 and 2021 does not differ materially from the aggregate carrying values of its financial instruments recorded in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The estimated fair value amounts have been determined by the Company using available market information and appropriate valuation methodologies. Considerable judgment is necessarily required in interpreting market data to develop the estimates of fair value, and, accordingly, the estimates are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that the Company could realize in a current market exchange. The carrying value of debt approximates fair value as the interest rate is based on market and the Company s consolidated leverage ratio. The Company s financial instruments also include cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities, which are carried at cost and approximate fair value due to the short-term maturity of these instruments. Cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 and 2021 included and in money market funds, respectively. 
 Non-current assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 included and , respectively, of rabbi trust funds related to the Company's deferred compensation plan. The money market and rabbi trust funds are valued using level one inputs, as defined by ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement. 
 The contingent consideration liabilities included on the balance sheet at of December 31, 2022 amount to and were valued using level three inputs, as defined by ASC 820, "Fair Value Measurement". 
 and at December 31, 2022, respectively. The derivative liabilities related to the cross-currency swap and the interest rate swap were and at December 31, 2021, respectively. 

NOTE 18 

, , and , respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. The raw materials purchased and subsequently sold amounted to , , and , respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. These services and raw materials are primarily recorded in cost of goods sold net of the finished goods received from St. Gabriel CC Company, LLC of , , and , respectively for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had receivables of and , respectively, recorded in accounts receivable from St. Gabriel CC Company, LLC for services rendered and raw materials sold. The Company also had payables of and , respectively, recorded in accounts payable for finished goods received from St. Gabriel CC Company, LLC. In addition, the Company had receivables in the amount of related to non-contractual monies owed from St. Gabriel CC Company, LLC, recorded in receivables as of December 31, 2021. There were such receivables as of December 31, 2022. The Company had payables in the amount of related to non-contractual monies owed to St. Gabriel CC Company, LLC, recorded in accounts payable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 19 
 
 from December 31, 2022. In addition, the Company has historically not been exercising purchase options under the equipment leases as it does not make economic sense to buy the equipment. Instead, the Company has historically replaced the equipment with new leases. Therefore, the Company determined that the reasonably certain criterion could not be met as it relates to purchase options. The Company has no residual value guarantees in lease transactions. 
 
 On June 22, 2022, the Company signed a real estate sublease for approximately square feet of office space, which serves as the Company's new corporate headquarters and will also serve as a laboratory facility. The sublease commenced in the fourth quarter of 2022 and the Company recognized a right of use asset and lease liability as of the commencement date in accordance with ASC 842, Lease Accounting. 
 
 The Company did not identify any embedded leases. As indicated above, the Company elected the practical expedient to combine lease and non-lease components and recognizes the combined amount on the consolidated balance sheet. Management determined that since the Company has a centralized treasury function, the parent company would either fund or guarantee a subsidiary's loan for borrowing over a similar term. As such, the Company's management determined it is appropriate to utilize a corporate based borrowing rate for all locations. The Company developed tranches of leases based on lease terms and these tranches reflect the composition of the current lease portfolio. The Company's borrowing history shows that interest rates of a term loan or a line of credit depend on the duration of the loan rather than the nature of the assets purchased by those funds. Based on this understanding, the Company elected to use a portfolio approach to discount rates, applying corporate rates to the tranches of leases based on lease terms. Based on the Company's risk rating, the company applied the following discount rates for new leases entered into during 2022: (1) - years, (2) - years, (3) - years, and (4) + years, . 
 
 In connection with an acquisition in 2019, the Company assumed a finance lease commitment for a warehouse, with an expiration date of March 31, 2033. The warehouse can be purchased at a pre-determined price beginning in 2023. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Finance leases Total 
 
 Lease liabilities - current 2022 2021 Operating leases Finance leases Total 
 Lease liabilities - non-current 2022 2021 Operating leases Finance leases Total 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Finance Lease cost Amortization of ROU asset Interest on lease liabilities Total finance lease Total lease cost Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Operating cash flows from operating leases Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities, net of ROU asset disposals ROU assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities, net of ROU asset disposals Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases years years years Weighted-average remaining lease term - finance leases years years years Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases Weighted-average discount rate - finance leases 
 
 Rent expense charged to operations under operating lease agreements for 2022, 2021, and 2020 aggregated approximately , , and , respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 20 
), receive-floating interest rate swap with a notional amount of and a maturity date of June 27, 2023. The receive-floating interest rate was based on the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") in the original trade agreement. Due to the discontinuation of LIBOR, in the third quarter of 2022, the Company modified its existing interest rate swap to reference 1-month CME Term SOFR (CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate) in the amended trade terms. This modification was made under the relief provided for in ASC 848, "Reference Rate Reform" and therefore the derivative continues to qualify for hedge accounting. The Company's risk management objective and strategy with respect to the interest rate swap is to protect the Company against adverse fluctuations in interest rates by reducing its exposure to variability in cash flows relating to interest payments on a portion of its outstanding debt. The Company is meeting its objective since changes in the cash flows of the interest rate swap are expected to exactly offset the changes in the cash flows attributable to fluctuations in the contractually specified interest rate on the interest payments associated with the 2022 Credit Agreement. The net interest income related to the interest rate swap contract was for the year ended December 31, 2022. The net interest expense related to the interest rate swap contract were and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These amounts were recorded in the consolidated statements of operations under interest expense, net. 
 
 At the same time, the Company also entered into a pay-fixed ), receive-fixed cross-currency swap to manage foreign exchange risk related to the Company's net investment in Chemogas. The derivative has a notional amount of , an effective date of May 28, 2019, and a maturity date of June 27, 2023. The interest income related to the cross-currency swap contract was , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, which were recorded in the consolidated statements of operations under interest expense, net. 
 
 The derivative instruments are with a single counterparty and are subject to a contractual agreement that provides for the net settlement of all contracts through a single payment in a single currency in the event of default on or termination of any one contract. As such, the derivative instruments are categorized as a master netting arrangement and presented as a net "Derivative asset" or "Derivative liability" on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 ) Cross-currency swap ) Derivative assets (liabilities) ) 
 
 On a quarterly basis, the Company assesses whether the hedging relationship related to the interest rate swap is highly effective at achieving offsetting changes in cash flow attributable to the risk being hedged based on the following factors: (1) the key features and terms as enumerated above for the interest rate swap and hedged transactions match during the period (2) it is probable that the Swap Counterparty will not default on its obligations under the swap, and (3) the Company performs a qualitative review each quarter to assess whether the relationship qualifies for hedge accounting. 
 
 In addition, on a quarterly basis the Company assesses whether the hedging relationship related to the cross-currency swap is highly effective based on the following evaluations: (1) the Company will always have a sufficient amount of non-functional currency (EUR) net investment balance to at least meet the cross-currency notional amount until the maturity date of the hedge (2) it is probable that the Swap Counterparty will not default on its obligations under the swap, and (3) the Company performs a qualitative review each quarter to assess whether the relationship qualifies for hedge accounting. 
 
 If any mismatches arise for either the interest rate swap or cross-currency swap, the Company will perform a regression analysis to determine if the hedged transaction is highly effective. If determined not to be highly effective, the Company will discontinue hedge accounting. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 ) Net investment hedge (cross-currency swap), net of tax Net foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) 
 
 On June 21, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of Kappa (as defined in Note 2, Significant Acquisitions). In the process of acquiring Kappa, the Company entered into short-term foreign currency exchange forward contracts with JP Morgan Chase, N.A to manage fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates related to the acquisition. The Company did not designate these contracts as hedged transactions under the applicable sections of ASC Topic 815, "Derivatives and Hedging". For the year ended December 31, 2022, the net gains on these forward contracts of were recorded in other income or loss in the condensed consolidated statements of earnings. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not maintain any open foreign currency exchange forward contracts as all contracts expired before June 30, 2022. 
 
 forward exchange contracts: 
 
 Date entered into Date expired on Balchem to sell Balchem to buy June 15, 2022 June 21, 2022 USD NOK June 15, 2022 June 17, 2022 USD EUR June 15, 2022 June 21, 2022 USD EUR June 15, 2022 June 21, 2022 EUR NOK 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 21 - 
 Gross margin Earnings before income taxes Net earnings Basic net earnings per common share Diluted net earnings per common share 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 BALCHEM CORPORATION 
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In thousands) 
 Additions charged to costs and expenses Adjustments/deductions (a) 
 ) ) Balance - December 31, 2020 Additions charged to costs and expenses Adjustments/deductions (a) 
 ) ) Balance - December 31, 2021 Additions charged to costs and expenses Adjustments/deductions (a) 
 ) ) Balance - December 31, 2022 (a) Represents write-offs and other adjustments 

71 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Additionally, in designing disclosure controls and procedures, our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our principal executive and principal financial officers to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets; provide reasonable assurances that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and our directors; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 
 
 We completed the Bergstrom and Kappa acquisitions in 2022 (See Note 2, Significant Acquisitions). Management s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting excludes the internal controls over financial reporting of Bergstrom and Kappa. The acquisitions contributed approximately 2.4 of our net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022, and accounted for approximately 24.5 of our assets as of December 31, 2022. Registrants are permitted to exclude acquisitions from their assessment of internal controls over financial reporting during the first year if, among other circumstances and factors, there is not adequate time between the consummation date of the acquisition and the assessment date for assessing internal controls. Management is in the process of implementing internal control procedures for these subsidiaries. 
 As of December 31, 2022, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework (New Framework) to conduct an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Based on this assessment, management has determined that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Attestation Report of Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The independent registered public accounting firm of RSM US LLP has issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting, which is included herein. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no significant change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers of the Registrant, and Corporate Governance. 
 
 The information regarding our executive officers is included in Part I of this report under the heading Information about our Executive Officers. 
 
 The other information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information contained under the headings Proposal 1. Election of Directors , Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, and Corporate Governance in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022 (the 2023 Proxy Statement ). 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information contained under the headings Executive Compensation, Compensation Committee Report, and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information contained under the headings Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and of Management and Equity Compensation Plan Information in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence. 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information contained under the headings Related Party Transactions and Director Independence in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information contained under the heading Information Relating to Proposal 2. Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm of our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 
 1. Financial Statements Page Number Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 28 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 31 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 32 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 33 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 34 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 35 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 36 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 71 
 3. Exhibits 2.1 Share Purchase Agreement between Kechu MidCo AS as the S el ler and Balchem Corporation and Balchem B.V. as the B uyers regarding the sale and purchase of the shares in Kechu BidCo AS (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 15, 2022) . 
 3.1 Balchem Corporation Composite Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 16, 2006 ). 
 3.2 Balchem Corporation Articles of Amendment (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the Company s definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 25, 2008). 
 3.3 Balchem Corporation Articles of Amendment (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the Company s definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 28, 2011). 
 3.4 By-laws of the Company, as amended and restated as of December 5 , 202 2 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3. 1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 7 , 202 2 
 4.1 Description of Securitie s (filed herewith ). 
 10.1 Balchem Corporation 401(k) Basic Plan Document #01, as amended by the Balchem Corporation 401(K) Plan Amendment of January 1, 2023 (filed herewith). 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 10.2 Balchem Corporation Second Amended and Restated 1999 Stock Plan, (incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8, File No. 333-155655, filed on November 25, 2008, and to the Company's Proxy Statement, filed on April 25, 2008 ). 
 10.3 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated July 27 , 2022 (the "Amended Credit Agreement") among Balchem Corporation, the Domestic Guarantors (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the Lenders (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 1, 2022). 
 10.4 Security and Pledge Agreement dated Ju ly 27, 20 22 among Balchem Corporation, the Obligors, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 1 , 20 22 ). 
 10.5 Balchem Corporation 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8, File No. 333-219722, filed on August 4, 2017 and Appendix A to the Company's Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed on April 27, 2017) . 
 10.6 Forms of Restricted Stock Grant Agreement, Performance Share Unit Grant Agreement and Stock Option Agreement under the Balchem Corporation 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 2 8 , 2019 . 
 10.7 Balchem Corporation Officer Retiree Program (filed herewith) . 
 10.8 Balchem Corporation Director Retiree Program (filed herewith ). 
 10.9 Employment Agreement, dated as of April 22, 201 5 , between the Company and Theodore L. Harris (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 5 , 201 5 ). 
 10.10 Offer Letter dated January 10, 2019 between the Company and C. Martin Bengtsson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 4, 2019) . 
 10.11 Theodore L. Harris Stock Option Grant Agreement, dated September 15, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated November 4, 2022) . 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of Registrant (filed herewith) . 
 23.1 Consent of RSM US LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Each of the Exhibits noted by an asterisk is a management compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: February 24, 2023 BALCHEM CORPORATION By:/s/ Theodore L. Harris Theodore L. Harris, Chairman, President and and Chief Executive Officer 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 /s/ Theodore L. Harris Theodore L. Harris, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Date: February 24, 2023 /s/ C. Martin Bengtsson C. Martin Bengtsson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Date: February 24, 2023 /s/ William A. Backus William A. Backus, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer Date: February 24, 2023 /s/ David B. Fischer David B. Fischer, Director Date: February 24, 2023 /s/ Kathleen B. Fish Kathleen B. Fish, Director Date: February 24, 2023 /s/ Daniel E. Knutson Daniel E. Knutson, Director Date: February 24, 2023 /s/ Joyce J. Lee Joyce J. Lee, Director Date: February 24, 2023 /s/ Perry W. Premdas Perry W. Premdas, Director Date: February 24, 2023 /s/ John Y. Televantos Dr. John Y. Televantos, Director Date: February 24, 2023 /s/ Matthew D. Wineinger Matthew D. Wineinger, Director Date: February 24, 2023 
 
 78 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 descriptionofsecurities-ex.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 

Exhibit 4.1 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Balchem Corporation had one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act its common stock, par value 0.06-2 3 per share common stock ). References herein to we, us, our and the Company refer to Balchem Corporation and not to any of its subsidiaries. 
 
 The following description of our common stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the applicable provisions of the Maryland General Corporation law (the MGCL ), the Company s Composite Articles of Incorporation (our charter ), and its Amended and Restated Bylaws (our bylaws ). Each of our charter and our bylaws is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part. We encourage you to read our charter, bylaws, our Corporate Governance Guidelines (which are available on our website), and the applicable provisions of the MGCL for additional information. 
 
 General 
 
 Under our charter, we may issue up to 122,000,000 shares of stock, comprised of 120,000,000 shares of common stock and 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 25.00 per share preferred stock ). 
 
 Our charter authorizes our board of directors (our Board to issue shares of stock of the Company or securities convertible into shares of its stock. As allowed by the MGCL, our charter authorizes our Board, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock, in one or more series, each series to be with such preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption as our Board shall determine, with the foregoing potentially having the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of the Company. We believe that the power to issue additional shares of our stock and to classify unissued shares of our preferred stock and to issue the classified shares provides us with increased flexibility in structuring possible future financings and acquisitions and in meeting other needs which might arise, but our issuance of additional shares of stock could dilute voting and other stockholder rights. See Certain Provisions of Our Charter and Bylaws and of Maryland Law below. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 All of the outstanding shares of our common stock are duly authorized, fully paid and nonassessable. Our common stockholders are entitled to receive dividends when authorized by our Board and declared by us out of assets legally available for the payment of dividends. They are also (i) entitled to share ratably in our assets legally available for distribution to our 

stockholders in the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, after payment of, or adequate provision for, all of our known debts and liabilities, and (ii) generally are not liable for our debts or obligations. These rights may be subject to the preferential rights of any other class or series of our stock, including any preferred stock. All shares of common stock have equal dividend and liquidation rights. 
 
 Each outstanding share of common stock is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders and, except for the rights that may be held by the holders of shares of any subsequently issued class or series of preferred stock, the holders of our common stock possess exclusive voting power. There is no cumulative voting in the election of our directors. A majority of votes cast at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present is sufficient to elect a director, other than in the case of a contested election, in which case a plurality of the votes cast is sufficient to elect a director. A contested election is any election of directors with respect to which (i) the Company receives notice that a stockholder has nominated an individual for election as a director in compliance with our bylaws and (ii) such nomination has not been withdrawn by the stockholder prior to the date when the Company first mails notice of the meeting to its stockholders and, as a result, the number of nominees for director is greater than the number of directors to be elected at the meeting. The Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines set forth the procedures that are applicable if an incumbent director in an uncontested election receives a greater number of withhold votes for election than for votes. For all other matters, unless a different number is required by law, our charter or our bylaws, a majority of votes cast at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present is sufficient to approve or authorize such other matter. 
 
 Our stockholders have no exchange, sinking fund or redemption rights, and have no preemptive rights to subscribe for any future issuance of our securities. Because our stockholders do not have preemptive rights, we may issue additional shares of stock that may reduce their proportionate voting and financial interest in the Company. Rights to receive dividends on our common stock may be limited by the terms of any future classified and issued shares of our preferred stock. 
 
 A Maryland corporation generally may not dissolve, amend its charter, merge, convert, consolidate, sell all or substantially all of its assets or engage in a statutory share exchange unless declared advisable by its board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders holding at least two-thirds of the shares entitled to vote on the matter. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for shares of our common stock is Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc. 
 
 Certain Provisions of Our Charter and Bylaws and of Maryland Law 
 
 Our Board of Directors 

Our Board is divided into three classes, with the term of each class of directors expiring in a different successive year. Directors of each class are elected to serve until the third annual meeting following their election and until their successors are duly elected and qualify. As a general matter, a classified board can render a change in control of the Company or removal of incumbent management more difficult. We believe that the classification of our Board helps to assure the continuity and stability of our strategies and policies as determined by our Board. 
 
 Board vacancies may be filled by a majority of the remaining members of our Board even if such majority is less than a quorum. A director elected by our Board to fill a vacancy shall be elected to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualifies. 
 
 Under our bylaws, directors may be removed from office by the affirmative vote of a majority of all of the votes of stockholders entitled to be cast for the election of directors and any resulting vacancy for the unexpired term of the removed director shall be filled by action of the stockholders. In addition, the MGCL provides that, for so long as our Board is classified, a director may only be removed for cause. 
 
 Business Combinations 
 
 Under the MGCL, business combinations (as defined therein) between the Company and an interested stockholder or any affiliate thereof are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder became an interested stockholder. An interested stockholder is defined as 
 
 any person that beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the voting power of the corporation s outstanding voting stock or 
 
 an affiliate or associate of the corporation and was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding stock of the corporation at any time within the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question. 
 
 Our Board may approve in advance the transaction by which such person otherwise would have become an interested stockholder, in which case, that person will not be an interested stockholder. 
 
 After the five-year prohibition, any business combination between us and an interested stockholder or any affiliate thereof generally must be recommended by our Board and approved by the affirmative vote of at least 
 
 80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of voting stock and 

two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom or with whose affiliate the business combination is to be effected or shares held by any affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder. 
 
 These super-majority vote requirements do not apply if, among other conditions, our stockholders receive a minimum price, as defined under the MGCL, for their shares in the form of cash or other consideration in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares. The statute permits various exemptions from its provisions, including, without limitation, business combinations that are exempted by our Board prior to the time that an interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. 
 
 Control Share Acquisitions 
 
 The MGCL provides that a holder of control shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition has no voting rights with respect to such shares except to the extent approved by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding interested shares, as defined in MGCL section 3-701(g). A control share acquisition means the acquisition of ownership of, or the power to direct the exercise of voting power with respect to, control shares, subject to certain exceptions. Control shares are voting shares of stock that, if aggregated with all other shares of stock owned by the acquiror or in respect of which the acquiror is entitled to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power, except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy, would entitle the acquiror to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the ranges of voting power specified in the MGCL section 3-701(d)(i) (iii). Control shares do not include shares the acquiror is entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval or shares acquired directly from the corporation. 
 
 A person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition may compel our Board to call a special meeting of stockholders to consider the voting rights of the shares within 50 days of demand. This right is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including an undertaking to pay the expenses of the meeting and delivering an acquiring person statement as described in the MGCL. If no request for a meeting is made, the Company may present the question at any stockholders meeting. 
 
 If voting rights are not approved at the meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement, then we may redeem for fair value any or all of the control shares, except those for which voting rights have previously been approved. Fair value is determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, as of the meeting date of the non-approval of the voting rights or, if no meeting is held, as of the date of the last control share acquisition by the acquiror. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a stockholders meeting and the acquiror becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares entitled to vote, all other stockholders may exercise appraisal rights. The fair value of the shares as determined for purposes of appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquiror in the control share acquisition. 

The control share acquisition statute does not apply to shares acquired in a merger, consolidation, or statutory share exchange if we are a party to the transaction or to acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter or our bylaws. 
 
 Our bylaws contain a provision exempting any and all acquisitions by any person of our shares of stock from the Control Share Acquisition Act. This bylaw provision may be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. 
 
 Subtitle 8 
 
 Title 3, Subtitle 8, of the Corporations and Associations Article of the Annotated Code of Maryland Subtitle 8 permits a Maryland corporation, such as the Company, with at least three directors who are not officers or employees of the corporation or affiliates of, or nominated by, a person seeking to acquire control of the corporation and a class of stock registered under the Exchange Act, to elect to be subject to any or all of the following provisions, by provision in its charter or bylaws or a resolution of its board of directors and notwithstanding any contrary provision in the charter or bylaws and without any action by stockholders 
 
 a classified board 
 
 a two-thirds vote requirement for removing a director 
 
 a requirement that the number of directors be fixed only by the board of directors 
 
 a requirement that a vacancy on the board be filled only by the remaining directors and for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred or 
 
 a majority requirement for the calling by stockholders of a special meeting of stockholders. 
 
 We have not elected to be subject to any provisions of Subtitle 8. However, through a provision in our bylaws unrelated to Subtitle 8, we have had a classified board for more than 25 years. In the future, our Board may elect, without stockholder approval, to be subject to one or more of the provisions of Subtitle 8. 
 
 Meetings of Stockholders 
 
 Under our bylaws, annual meetings of stockholders must be held each year at a date, time and place determined by our Board. Special meetings of stockholders may be called by the chair of our Board, our chief executive officer, our president and our Board. Additionally, subject to the provisions of our bylaws, a special meeting of stockholders to act on any matter that may properly be considered at a meeting of stockholders must be called by our secretary upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast at least 25 of all of the votes entitled to be cast 

on the matter at such meeting. Only matters set forth in the notice of a special meeting of stockholders may be considered and acted upon at such a meeting. 
 Advance Notice of Director Nominations and New Business 
 
 Our bylaws provide that, with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders, nominations of individuals for election to our Board and the proposal of business to be considered by stockholders may be made only 
 
 pursuant to our notice of the meeting (or any supplement thereto) by or at the direction of our Board 
 
 otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of our Board or 
 
 by a stockholder of record of the Company at the time such notice of meeting is delivered, who is entitled to vote at the meeting, and who complies with the advance notice procedures of our bylaws. 
 
 With respect to special meetings of stockholders, only the business specified in the notice of the meeting may be brought before the meeting. Nominations of individuals for election to our Board at a special meeting at which directors are to be elected may only be made 
 
 by or at the direction of our Board or 
 
 provided that our Board has determined that directors will be elected at the meeting, by a stockholder of record at the time of giving notice, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and upon such election, and who complies with the advance notice procedures of our bylaws. 
 
 The purpose of requiring stockholders to give advance notice of nominations and other proposals is to afford our Board and our stockholders the opportunity to consider the qualifications of the proposed nominees or the advisability of the other proposals and, to the extent considered necessary by our Board, to inform stockholders and make recommendations regarding the nominations or other proposals. 
 
 Limitation of Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers 
 
 The MGCL permits a Maryland corporation to include in its charter a provision limiting the liability of its directors and officers to the corporation and its stockholders for money damages except for liability resulting from (i) actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services or (ii) active and deliberate dishonesty that is established by a final judgment and that is material to the cause of action. Our charter contains such a provision that eliminates directors and officers liability to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. 
 
 Our bylaws obligate us, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, to indemnify any present or former director or officer or any individual who, while a director or officer of the 

Company and at the request of the Company, serves or has served another corporation, real estate investment trust, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise as a director, officer, partner, trustee, member or manager, is made or threatened to be made a party to, or witness in, a proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity, and to pay or reimburse his or her reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to the maximum extent permitted by law. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.1>
 3
 baseplan401kasamended-ex101.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 

Exhibit 10.1 

BASIC PLAN DOCUMENT #01 

Copyright 2002-2022 Empower Retirement, LLC All Rights Reserved. 

EMPOWER RETIREMENT, LLC TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 ARTICLE 1 INTRODUCTION 1 
 Section 1.01 Plan 1 
 Section 1.02 Application of Plan 1 
 ARTICLE 2 DEFINITIONS 2 
 ARTICLE 3 PARTICIPATION 18 
 Section 3.01 Elective Deferrals and Voluntary Contributions 18 
 Section 3.02 Matching Contributions 18 
 Section 3.03 Employer Contributions 18 
 Section 3.04 Transfers 18 
 Section 3.05 Termination and Rehires 18 
 Section 3.06 Limitations on Exclusions 18 
 Section 3.07 Procedures for Admission 19 
 Section 3.08 Participants Receiving Differential Military Pay 19 
 ARTICLE 4 CONTRIBUTIONS 20 
 Section 4.01 Elective Deferrals and Voluntary Contributions 20 
 Section 4.02 Matching Contributions 22 
 Section 4.03 Employer Contributions 23 
 Section 4.04 Safe Harbor Contributions and Qualified Non-Elective Matching Contributions 25 
 Section 4.05 Prevailing Wage Contributions 27 
 Section 4.06 Rollover Contributions 28 
 Section 4.07 Transfers 29 
 Section 4.08 Military Service 30 
 Section 4.09 Timing of Contributions 30 
 Section 4.10 Arrangements Adopted by More Than One Employer 30 
 Section 4.11 SIMPLE 401(k) Provisions 32 
 Section 4.12 Deemed IRAs 34 
 ARTICLE 5 LIMITATIONS ON CONTRIBUTIONS 35 
 Section 5.01 Annual Limitation on Elective Deferrals 35 
 Section 5.02 Nondiscrimination 35 
 Section 5.03 Special Rules 37 
 Section 5.04 Correction of Discriminatory Contributions 39 
 Section 5.05 Maximum Amount of Annual Additions 41 
 ARTICLE 6 VESTING 43 
 Section 6.01 Participant Contributions 43 
 Section 6.02 Employer Contributions 43 
 Section 6.03 Forfeitures 44 
 ARTICLE 7 DISTRIBUTIONS 46 
 Section 7.01 Commencement of Distributions 46 
 Section 7.02 Timing and Form of Distributions 46 
 Section 7.03 Force-Out of Small Balances 48 
 Section 7.04 Beneficiary 49 
 Section 7.05 Minimum Distribution Requirements 49 
 Section 7.06 Direct Rollovers 53 
 Section 7.07 Minor or Legally Incompetent Payee 55 
 Section 7.08 Missing Payee 55 
 Section 7.09 Distributions Upon Termination of Plan 55 
 Section 7.10 Joint and Survivor Annuities 56 
 ARTICLE 8 IN-SERVICE DISTRIBUTIONS AND LOANS 58 
 Section 8.01 Hardship 58 
 Section 8.02 Specified Age, Specified Age and Service 59 
 Section 8.03 Other Withdrawals 59 
 Section 8.04 Transfer Account 60 
 Section 8.05 Rules Regarding In-Service Distributions 60 
 Section 8.06 Loans 61 
 ARTICLE 9 INVESTMENT AND TRUST VALUATION 63 
 Section 9.01 Investment of Assets 63 
 Section 9.02 Participant Self-Direction 63 
 i 

Section 9.03 Individual Accounts 64 
 Section 9.04 Qualifying Employer Investments 64 
 Section 9.05 Allocation of Earnings and Losses 65 
 Section 9.06 Voting Rights 65 
 Section 9.07 Life Insurance 66 
 Section 9.08 Qualifying Longevity Annuity Contract (QLAC) 66 
 ARTICLE 10 SPECIAL TOP-HEAVY RULES 68 
 Section 10.01 Top-Heavy Status 68 
 Section 10.02 Minimum Allocations 68 
 Section 10.03 Minimum Vesting 69 
 ARTICLE 11 PLAN ADMINISTRATION 71 
 Section 11.01 Plan Administrator 71 
 Section 11.02 Investment Fiduciary 72 
 Section 11.03 Compensation of Plan Administrator and Investment Fiduciary 73 
 Section 11.04 Plan Expenses 73 
 Section 11.05 Allocation of Fiduciary Responsibility 73 
 Section 11.06 Indemnification 73 
 Section 11.07 Claims Procedure 73 
 Section 11.08 Written Communication 74 
 ARTICLE 12 AMENDMENT, MERGER AND TERMINATION 75 
 Section 12.01 Amendment 75 
 Section 12.02 Merger and Transfer 76 
 Section 12.03 Termination 76 
 ARTICLE 13 MISCELLANEOUS 78 
 Section 13.01 Nonalienation of Benefits 78 
 Section 13.02 Rights of Alternate Payees 78 
 Section 13.03 No Right to Employment 79 
 Section 13.04 No Right to Trust Assets 79 
 Section 13.05 Governing Law 79 
 Section 13.06 Severability of Provisions 79 
 Section 13.07 Headings and Captions 79 
 Section 13.08 Gender and Number 79 
 Section 13.09 Disaster Relief 80 
 Section 13.10 Exclusive Benefit 80 
 Section 13.11 Return of Contributions 80 
 QUALIFIED PLANS' DISASTER RELIEF INTERIM AMENDMENT 82 
 ii 

ARTICLE 1 INTRODUCTION 

 ARTICLE 1 INTRODUCTION 
 Section 1.01 PLAN 
 This document Basic Plan Document and its related Adoption Agreement are intended to qualify as a tax-exempt Plan under Code sections 401(a). 
 Section 1.02 APPLICATION OF PLAN 
 Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, the provisions of this Plan shall apply to those individuals who are Eligible Employees of the Employer on or after the Effective Date. Except as otherwise specifically provided for herein, the rights and benefits, if any, of former Eligible Employees of the Employer whose employment terminated prior to the Effective Date, shall be determined under the provisions of the Plan, as in effect from time to time prior to that date. 
 1 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 2 DEFINITIONS 

 ARTICLE 2 DEFINITIONS 

Account means the balance of a Participant's interest in the Trust as of the applicable date as adjusted pursuant to Article 
 9. Account or Accounts shall include to the extent provided in the Adoption Agreement, an Elective Deferral Account, Pre-tax Elective Deferral Account, Roth Elective Deferral Account, Matching Contribution Account (and a Qualified Matching Contribution Account, if necessary), Non-Elective Contribution Account, Pension Contribution Account, Voluntary Contribution Account, Rollover Contribution Account, Qualified Non-Elective Contribution Account, Transfer Account, In-Plan Roth Rollover Account and such other Account(s) or subaccount(s) as the Plan Administrator, in its discretion, deems appropriate. 
 
 Actual Contribution Ratio means the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of Matching Contributions and Voluntary Contributions for a Participant for the Plan Year to the Participant's Section 414(s) Compensation for such year. 
 
 A Matching Contribution shall be considered for the Plan Year only if (a) it is made on account of the Participant's Elective Deferral Voluntary Contribution for that Plan Year, (b) it is allocated to his Matching Contribution Account during such Plan Year, and (c) it is paid to the Trust by the last day of the 12th month after the end of such Plan Year. 
 
 Voluntary Contributions are considered to have been made in the Plan Year in which contributed to the Trust. For purposes of the preceding sentence, an amount withheld from an Employee's pay (or a payment by the Employee to an agent of the Plan) is treated as contributed at the time of such withholding (or payment) if the funds paid are transmitted to the Trust within a reasonable period after the withholding (or payment). For purposes of determining the Actual Contribution Ratio, Elective Deferrals recharacterized pursuant to Section 5.04 shall be treated as a Voluntary Contribution. 
 
 Elective Deferrals, Qualified Non-Elective Contributions and Qualified Matching Contributions shall be counted in the Actual Contribution Ratio only if they meet the requirements of Section 5.03(b). The Actual Contribution Ratio of a Participant who does not receive a Matching Contribution or make a Voluntary Contribution shall be zero. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Plan is automatically deemed to meet the nondiscrimination requirements of Section 
 5.02 with respect to Matching Contributions, the Actual Contribution Ratio may be determined solely with respect to Voluntary Contributions or by aggregating with Matching Contributions. A Participant's Actual Contribution Ratio shall not include (a) contributions treated as disproportionate within the meaning of Section 5.03(f) (b) additional contributions made pursuant to Code section 414(u) by reason of a Participant's Qualified Military Service for the Plan Year for which the contributions are made, or for any other Plan Year or (c) Matching Contributions that are forfeited either to correct excess aggregate contributions or because the contributions to which they relate are excess deferrals, excess contributions, or excess aggregate contributions. 
 
 Actual Deferral Ratio means the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of Elective Deferrals made on behalf of a Participant for the Plan Year to the Participant's Section 414(s) Compensation for that year. 
 
 An Elective Deferral shall be considered for the Plan Year only if the Elective Deferral is allocated to the Participant's Account under the Plan as of a date within that year. For purposes of this rule, an Elective Deferral is considered allocated as of a date within a year only if (a) the allocation is not contingent on the Participant's participation in the Plan or performance of services on any date subsequent to that date (b) the Elective Deferral is actually paid to the Trust no later than the end of the 12-month period immediately following the year to which the contribution relates and (c) the Elective Deferral relates to Plan Compensation that would have been received by the Participant in the year but for the Participant's election to defer under the arrangement. 
 Qualified Non-Elective Contributions and Qualified Matching Contributions shall be counted in the Actual Deferral Ratio only if they meet the requirements of Section 5.03(b). 
 
 The Actual Deferral Ratio of a Participant who is eligible but does not make an Elective Deferral and, if applicable, who does not receive an allocation of Qualified Non-Elective Contributions and Qualified Matching Contributions shall be zero. A Participant's Actual Deferral Ratio shall not include (a) contributions treated as disproportionate within the meaning of Section 5.03(f) (b) a Nonhighly Compensated Employee's Excess Elective Deferrals (c) Elective Deferrals treated as Catch-up Contributions for the Plan Year for which the contributions were made or for any other Plan Year (d) additional Elective Deferrals made pursuant to Code section 414(u) by reason of a Participant's Qualified Military Service for the Plan Year for which the contributions are made, or for any other Plan Year or (e) to the extent necessary to demonstrate satisfaction of the requirement of Treas. Reg. section 
 
 2 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 2 DEFINITIONS 

1.401(m)-2(a)(6)(ii), Elective Deferrals taken into account for the Actual Contribution Percentage (ACP) test under Treas. Reg. section 1.401(m)-2(a)(6). 
 
 Adoption Agreement means the document executed in conjunction with this Basic Plan Document that contains the optional features selected by the Plan Sponsor. 
 
 Alternate Payee means the person entitled to receive payment of benefits under the Plan pursuant to a Qualified Domestic Relations Order. 
 
 Annual Addition means the sum of the following amounts credited to a Participant's Account for the Limitation Year 
 
 (a) Employer contributions allocated to a Participant's Account, including Elective Deferrals, Matching Contributions, Non-Elective Contributions, Pension Contributions and Qualified Non-Elective Contributions. Employer contributions shall also include Excess Elective Deferrals, unless such amounts are distributed no later than the first April 15 following the close of the Participant's taxable year 
 
 (b) Voluntary Contributions 
 
 (c) forfeitures 
 
 (d) amounts allocated to an individual medical account, as defined in Code section 415(l)(2), which is part of a pension or annuity plan maintained by the Employer 
 
 (e) amounts derived from contributions paid or accrued which are attributable to post-retirement medical benefits, allocated to the separate Account of a Key Employee, as defined in Code section 419A(d)(3), under a welfare benefit fund, as defined in Code section 419(e), maintained by the Employer and 
 
 (f) allocations under a simplified employee pension plan. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Annual Addition shall not include a restorative payment within the meaning of IRS Revenue Ruling 2002-45 and any superseding guidance. 
 
 Annuity Starting Date means the first day of the first period for which an amount is paid as an annuity or any other form. 
 
 Average Contribution Percentage means the average (expressed as a percentage) of the Actual Contribution Ratios of the Participants in a specified group. 
 
 Average Deferral Percentage means the average (expressed as a percentage) of the Actual Deferral Ratios of the Participants in a specified group. 
 
 Beneficiary means the person(s) entitled to receive benefits, under Section 7.04 of the Plan, upon the Participant's death. 
 
 Board means the governing body of the Plan Sponsor. If the Plan Sponsor is a sole proprietorship, the Board means the sole proprietor. 
 
 Catch-up Contribution means the contribution described in Section 5.01(d). 
 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 
 
 Committee means the committee that may be appointed by the Plan Sponsor pursuant to Section 11.01 to serve as Plan Administrator. 
 
 Determination Date means the last day of the preceding Plan Year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Determination Date for the first Plan Year shall be the last day of such year. 
 
 3 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 2 DEFINITIONS 

Disabled or Disability shall have the meaning specified in the Adoption Agreement. The determination of Disability shall be made by the Plan Administrator. 
 
 Early Retirement Age shall have the meaning set forth in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 Early Retirement Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 Earned Income means the net earnings from self-employment in the trade or business with respect to which the Plan is established, for which personal services of the individual are a material income-producing factor. Net earnings will be determined without regard to items not included in gross income and the deductions allocable to such items. Net earnings are reduced by contributions by the Employer to a qualified plan to the extent deductible under Code section 404. Net earnings shall be determined with regard to the deduction allowed to the taxpayer by Code section 164(f). 
 
 Effective Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section A.3 of the Adoption Agreement except as otherwise specified in the Plan or Adoption Agreement. 
 
 Elapsed Time Method means a service crediting method whereby an Employee is credited for an aggregate of all time periods (without regard to hours worked) beginning on the Employee's date of hire (or rehire, as applicable) and ending on the date that a break in service begins in accordance with Treas. Reg. section 1.410(a)-7. Under the Elapsed Time Method, an Employee's service is credited for any period of severance that is less than 12 consecutive months. 
 
 Elective Deferral means an Employee contribution made to the Plan as a Pre-tax Elective Deferral or a Roth Elective Deferral pursuant to Article 4 of the Plan. 
 
 Elective Deferral Account means so much of a Participant's Account as consists of a Participant's Elective Deferrals (and corresponding earnings) made to the Plan. Except as expressly provided elsewhere in the Plan, the Elective Deferral Account shall also include Catch-up Contributions described in Section 5.01 of the Plan. 
 
 Eligibility Computation Period means a consecutive 12-month period beginning with an Employee's Employment Commencement Date and each anniversary thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Adoption Agreement provides that the Eligibility Computation Period switches to the Plan Year his succeeding Eligibility Computation Period for such purpose will switch to the Plan Year, beginning with the Plan Year that includes the first anniversary of his Employment Commencement Date. If the Eligibility Computation Period switches to the Plan Year, an Employee who is credited with a Year of Eligibility Service in both the initial Eligibility Computation Period and the first Plan Year which commences prior to the first anniversary of the Employee's initial Eligibility Computation Period will be credited with two Years of Eligibility Service. 
 
 Eligible Employee means any Employee employed by the Employer, subject to the modifications and exclusions described in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 If the Adoption Agreement provides that the Plan is not a standardized plan and if an individual is subsequently reclassified as, or determined to be, an Employee by a court, the Internal Revenue Service or any other governmental agency or authority, or if the Employer is required to reclassify such individual as an Employee as a result of such reclassification or determination (including any reclassification by the Employer in settlement of any claim or action relating to such individual's employment status), such individual shall not become an Eligible Employee by reason of such reclassification or determination. 
 
 If the Adoption Agreement provides that the Plan is not a standardized plan, an individual who becomes employed by the Employer in a transaction between the Employer and another entity that is a stock or asset acquisition, merger, or other similar transaction involving a change in the employer of the employees of the trade or business shall not become eligible to participate in the Plan until the Plan Sponsor specifically authorizes such participation. 
 
 If the Adoption Agreement provides that the Plan is a standardized plan, an individual who becomes employed by the Employer in a transaction between the Employer and another entity that is a stock or asset acquisition, merger, or other similar transaction involving a change in the employer of the employees of the trade or business shall not become eligible to participate in 
 
 4 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 2 DEFINITIONS 

the Plan until after the end of the Plan Year following the Plan Year in which the transaction occurs unless the Plan Sponsor specifically authorizes such participation prior to the end of such period. 
 
 Employee means any individual who is employed by the Employer, including a Self-Employed Individual. The term Employee includes any Leased Employee of the Employer. If the Adoption Agreement provides that the Plan is not a standardized plan, no Leased Employee may become a Participant hereunder unless he becomes an Eligible Employee. The term Employee shall not include a person who is classified by the Employer as an independent contractor or a person (other than a Self-Employed Individual) who is not treated as an employee for purposes of withholding federal employment taxes. 
 
 Employer means the Plan Sponsor and any other entity that has adopted the Plan with the approval of the Plan Sponsor or any other entity required to be aggregated with the Employer under Code sections 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) and the regulations thereunder. In identifying Employer for purposes of Section 5.05, the definition in Code sections 414(b) and (c) shall be modified as provided in Code section 415(h). 
 
 Employment Commencement Date means the first date on which the Eligible Employee performs an Hour of Service. 
 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, all amendments thereto and all federal regulations promulgated pursuant thereto. 
 
 Excess Compensation means the amount by which an Eligible Employee's Plan Compensation for a Plan Year exceeds the integration level described in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 Excess Elective Deferral means Elective Deferrals made in excess of the limit described in Section 5.01. 
 
 Final Paycheck Pay means compensation paid by the later of (a) 2-1 2 months after an Employee's severance from employment with the Employer or (b) the end of the Limitation Year that includes the date of the Employee's severance from employment with the Employer if (1) the payment is regular compensation for services during the Participant's regular working hours, or compensation for services outside the Participant's regular working hours (e.g., overtime or shift differential), commissions, bonuses, or other similar payments and (2) the payment would have been paid to the Participant prior to a severance from employment if the Participant had continued in employment with the Employer. 
 
 Highly Compensated Employee means any Employee who during the Plan Year performs services for the Employer and 
 who 
 
 (a) was a More Than 5 Owner at any time during the Plan Year or the preceding Plan Year or 
 
 (b) during the preceding Plan Year (the Adoption Agreement may provide that the foregoing determination may be made with respect to the calendar year beginning with or within the preceding Plan Year) received Statutory Compensation in excess of the Code section 414(q)(1) amount 80,000 as adjusted) and, if provided in the Adoption Agreement, was a member of the top paid group of Employees within the meaning of Code section 414(q)(3). 
 
 The determination of who is a Highly Compensated Employee will be made in accordance with Code section 414(q) and the regulations thereunder to the extent they are not inconsistent with the method established above. 
 
 The term Highly Compensated Employee also includes a former Employee who was a Highly Compensated Employee when he separated from service or at any time after attaining age 55. 
 
 Hour of Service means 
 
 (a) Each hour for which an Employee is paid, or entitled to payment, for the performance of duties for the Employer. These hours will be credited to the Employee for the computation period in which the duties are performed. 
 
 (b) Each hour for which an Employee is paid, or entitled to payment, by the Employer on account of a period of time during which no duties are performed (irrespective of whether the employment relationship has terminated) due to vacation, 
 
 5 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 2 DEFINITIONS 

holiday, illness, incapacity (including disability), layoff, jury duty, military duty or leave of absence. No more than 501 Hours of Service will be credited under this paragraph for any single continuous period (whether or not such period occurs in a single computation period). 
 
 (c) Each hour for which back pay, irrespective of mitigation of damages, is either awarded or agreed to by the Employer. The same Hours of Service will not be credited both under paragraph (a) or paragraph (b), as the case may be, and under this paragraph (c). These hours will be credited to the Employee for the computation period or periods to which the award or agreement pertains rather than the computation period in which the award, agreement or payment is made. 
 
 Hours under this definition will be calculated and credited pursuant to DOL Reg. section 2530.200b-2 and any superseding guidance which is incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 Solely for purposes of determining whether a One-Year Break in Service has occurred, an individual who is absent from work for maternity or paternity reasons shall receive credit for the Hours of Service which would otherwise have been credited to such individual but for such absence, or in any case in which such hours cannot be determined, eight (8) Hours of Service per day of such absence. For purposes of this paragraph, an absence from work for maternity or paternity reasons means an absence (a) by reason of the pregnancy of the individual, (b) by reason of a birth of a child of the individual, (c) by reason of the placement of a child with the individual in connection with the adoption of such child by such individual, or (d) for purposes of caring for such child for a period beginning immediately following such birth or placement. The Hours of Service credited under this paragraph shall be credited (a) in the computation period in which the absence begins if the crediting is necessary to prevent a break in service in that period, or (b) in all other cases, in the following computation period. 
 
 If the Employer is a member of an affiliated service group (under Code section 414(m)), a controlled group of corporations (under Code section 414(b)), a group of trades or businesses under common control (under Code section 414(c)) or any other entity required to be aggregated with the Employer pursuant to Code section 414(o), service will be credited for any employment with such groups during the time the Employer is a member of the applicable group. Service will also be credited for any individual considered an Employee for purposes of this Plan under Code sections 414(n) or 414(o). 
 
 If the Employer maintains the plan of a predecessor employer, service with such employer will be treated as service for the Employer. 
 
 Service with respect to Qualified Military Service shall be credited in accordance with Code section 414(u) and service shall also be determined to the extent required by the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, for determining service under the Elapsed Time Method, an Hour of Service means each hour for which an Employee is paid or entitled to payment for the performance of duties for the Employer. 
 
 Initial Period means the period which commences when a Participant has an automatic contribution made pursuant to a Qualified Automatic Contribution Arrangement. The period may end on the last day of the first Plan Year that begins after the date of initial participation, or an earlier date determined at the Plan Administrator's discretion as long as the automatic enrollment amounts meet the minimum percentage requirements provided under Treas. Reg. section 1.401(k)-3(j)(2) for the applicable Plan Year. 
 
 In-Plan Roth Rollover means an Employee contribution made to the Plan as a rollover from another Account in the Plan pursuant to Section 4.06(c). 
 
 In-Plan Roth Rollover Account means so much of a Participant's Account as consists of a Participant's In-Plan Roth Rollover contributions (and corresponding earnings) made to the Plan. 
 
 Investment Fiduciary means the person(s) designated in the Adoption Agreement. The fiduciary shall be subject to standards of conduct as prescribed under ERISA. 
 
 Investment Funds means the funds in which the Trust is invested. 
 
 6 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 2 DEFINITIONS 

Investment Manager means an investment manager as described in section 3(38) of ERISA. 
 
 Key Employee means any Employee or former Employee (including any deceased Employee) who at any time during the Plan Year that includes the Determination Date is an officer of the Employer having an annual Statutory Compensation greater than 
 130,000 (as adjusted under Code section 416(i)(1)), a More Than 5 Owner of the Employer, or a 1 owner of the Employer having Statutory Compensation of more than 150,000. The determination of who is a Key Employee will be made in accordance with Code section 416(i)(1) and the applicable regulations and other guidance of general applicability issued thereunder. 
 
 Leased Employee means any person (other than an Employee of the Employer) who, pursuant to an agreement between the Employer and any other person leasing organization ), has performed services for the Employer (or for the Employer and related persons determined in accordance with Code section 414(n)(6)) on a substantially full time basis for a period of at least one year, and such services are performed under primary direction or control by the Employer. Contributions or benefits provided to a Leased Employee by the leasing organization which are attributable to services performed for the Employer shall be treated as provided by the Employer. A person shall not be considered a Leased Employee if (a) such person is covered by a money purchase pension plan providing (1) a nonintegrated employer contribution rate of at least 10 of compensation, as defined in Code section 415(c)(3), but including amounts contributed pursuant to a salary reduction agreement which are excludable from the employee's gross income under Code sections 125, 402(e)(3), 402(h), 403(b), 132(f) or 457 (2) immediate participation and (3) full and immediate vesting and (b) Leased Employees do not constitute more than 20 of the Employer's nonhighly compensated work force. 
 
 Limitation Year means the year specified in the Adoption Agreement for purposes of determining Annual Additions limits pursuant to Article 5. All qualified plans maintained by the Employer must use the same Limitation Year. If the Limitation Year is amended to a different consecutive 12-month period, the new Limitation Year must begin on a date within the Limitation Year in which the amendment is made. 
 
 Matched Employee Contribution means a Participant's Elective Deferrals, Catch-Up Contributions (unless excluded in the Adoption Agreement) and such other Employee contributions specified in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 Matching Contribution means an Employer Matching Contribution made to the Plan on behalf of the Participant pursuant to Article 4 of the Plan. 
 
 Matching Contribution Account means so much of a Participant's Account as consists of Matching Contributions (and corresponding earnings) made to the Plan. 
 
 More Than 5 Owner means any person who (a) owns (either directly or by attribution, under Code section 318) more than 5 of the outstanding stock of the Employer or stock possessing more than 5 of the total combined voting power of all stock of the Employer or, (b) in the case of an unincorporated business, any person who owns more than 5 of the capital or profits interest in the Employer. For purposes of Section 7.05, a Participant is treated as a More Than 5 Owner if such Participant is a More Than 5 Owner at any time during the Plan Year ending with or within the calendar year in which such owner attains age 
 70-1 2 and shall continue to be considered a More Than 5 Owner (and distributions must continue under Section 7.05) even if the Participant ceases to be a 5 owner in a subsequent year. 
 
 Non-Elective Contribution means a contribution made by the Employer that is allocated to a Participant's Non-Elective Contribution Account pursuant to Article 4. 
 
 Non-Elective Contribution Account means so much of a Participant's Account as consists of Non-Elective Contributions (and corresponding earnings) made to the Plan. 
 
 Non-Key Employee means any Employee or former Employee who is not a Key Employee. 
 
 Non-Resident Alien means any Employee who received no earned income (within the meaning of Code section 911(d)(2)) which constitutes income from services performed within the United States (within the meaning of Code section 861(a)(3)). 
 
 Nonhighly Compensated Employee means an Employee who is not a Highly Compensated Employee. 
 
 7 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 2 DEFINITIONS 

Normal Retirement Age shall have the meaning set forth in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 Normal Retirement Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 One-Year Break in Service means, unless otherwise provided in the Adoption Agreement, for purposes of determining eligibility service, an Eligibility Computation Period or, for purposes of determining a Year of Vesting Service, a Vesting Computation Period during which an Employee is credited with 500 or fewer Hours of Service. 
 
 One-Year Period of Severance means a Period of Severance of at least 12 consecutive months. In the case of an individual who is absent from work for maternity or paternity reasons, the consecutive 12-month period beginning on the first anniversary of the first date of such absence shall not constitute a One-Year Period of Severance. For purposes of this paragraph, an absence from work for maternity or paternity reasons means an absence (a) by reason of the pregnancy of the individual, (b) by reason of the birth of a child of the individual, (c) by reason of the placement of a child with the individual in connection with the adoption of such child by such individual, or (d) for purposes of caring for such child for a period beginning immediately following such birth or placement. 
 
 Participant means an Employee who participates in the Plan in accordance with Article 3. A Participant also includes any Employee (or former Employee) with an Account balance, including an Account balance that is a result of a rollover contribution or a transfer from an IRA or a qualified plan. 
 
 Part-Time, Temporary and or Seasonal Employee means an Employee who is scheduled to work less than the number of Hours of Service specified in the Adoption Agreement in the relevant Eligibility Computation Period. To the extent that the Employee is actually credited with at least 1,000 Hours of Service in the relevant Eligibility Computation Period the Employee will enter the plan on the next Entry Date. 
 
 Pension Contribution means a contribution made by the Employer that is allocated to a Participant's Pension Contribution Account pursuant to Article 4. 
 
 Pension Contribution Account means so much of a Participant's Account as consists of Pension Contributions (and corresponding earnings) made to the Plan. 
 
 Period of Severance means a continuous period of time during which the Employee does not perform an Hour of Service for the Employer. Such period begins on the date the Employee retires, dies, quits or is discharged, or if earlier, the 12-month anniversary of the date on which the Employee was otherwise first absent from service. 
 
 Permissive Aggregation Group means the Required Aggregation Group of plans, plus any other plan or plans of the Employer which, when considered as a group with the Required Aggregation Group, would continue to satisfy the requirements of Code sections 401(a)(4) and 410. 
 
 Plan Administrator means the person(s) designated pursuant to the Adoption Agreement and Section 11.01. The Plan Administrator shall also be the named fiduciary within the meaning of ERISA section 402. 
 
 Plan Compensation means Statutory Compensation as adjusted to the extent specified in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 Plan Compensation must be determined without regard to any rules under Code section 3401(a) that limit the remuneration included in wages based on the nature or location of the employment or the services performed (such as the exception for agricultural labor in Code section 3401(a)(2)). For any Self-Employed Individual covered under the Plan, Plan Compensation shall mean Earned Income. 
 
 For any Plan Year, the annual compensation of each Participant taken into account in determining allocations for any Plan Year beginning after December 31, 2001, shall not exceed 200,000, as adjusted for cost-of-living increases in accordance with Code section 401(a)(17)(B). Annual compensation means Plan Compensation during the Plan Year or such other consecutive 12-month period over which Plan Compensation is otherwise determined under the Plan (the determination period). The cost-of-living 
 
 8 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 2 DEFINITIONS 

adjustment in effect for a calendar year applies to annual compensation for the determination period that begins with or within such calendar year. 
 
 If a determination period consists of fewer than 12 months, the annual compensation limit is an amount equal to the otherwise applicable annual compensation limit multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of months in the short determination period, and the denominator of which is 12. 
 
 Plan Sponsor means the entity described in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 Plan Year means the consecutive 12-month period described in the Adoption Agreement. In the event the Plan incurs a short Plan Year of less than 12 consecutive months, the requirements of the Department of Labor Regulations in 2530.202 and 2530.203 and corresponding Treas. Reg. section 1.410(a) shall be satisfied. 
 
 Post Severance Compensation means amounts paid by the later of (a) 2-1 2 months after an Employee's severance from employment with the Employer or (b) the end of the applicable Limitation Year Plan Year that includes the date of severance from employment with the Employer and those amounts would have been included in the definition of compensation if they were paid prior to the Participant's severance from employment with the Employer. However, the payment must be for (a) unused accrued bona fide sick, vacation, or other leave, but only if the Participant would have been able to use the leave if the Employee had continued in employment or (b) received by a Participant pursuant to a nonqualified unfunded deferred compensation plan, but only if the payment would have been paid to the Participant at the same time if the Participant had continued in employment with the Employer and only to the extent that the payment is includible in the Participant's gross income. 
 
 Post Year End Compensation means amounts earned during a year but not paid during that year solely because of the timing of pay periods and pay dates if (a) these amounts are paid during the first few weeks of the next year (b) the amounts are included on a uniform and consistent basis with respect to all similarly situated Employees and (c) no compensation is included in more than one year. 
 
 Pre-tax Elective Deferral means Elective Deferrals that are not includible in the Participant's gross income at the time deferred. 
 
 Pre-tax Elective Deferral Account means so much of a Participant's Account as consists of a Participant's Pre-tax Elective Deferrals (and corresponding earnings) made to the Plan. 
 
 Present Value means a benefit in a defined benefit plan of equivalent value and shall be based only on the interest and mortality rates specified in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 Qualified Automatic Contribution Arrangement or QACA means a Plan that is a safe harbor plan exempt from most testing under Code section 401(k)(13) or Code section 401(m)(12). 
 
 Qualified Domestic Relations Order means any judgment, decree, or order (including approval of a property settlement agreement) that constitutes a qualified domestic relations order within the meaning of Code section 414(p). 
 
 Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity means for a married Participant, an immediate annuity for the life of the Participant with a survivor annuity for the life of the Participant's spouse that is not less than 50 and not more than 100 of the amount of the annuity and which is payable during the joint lives of the Participant and the spouse and is the amount of benefit that can be purchased with the Participant's vested Account balance subject to Section 7.10. The percentage of the survivor annuity under the Plan shall be at least 50 unless a different percentage is elected in the Adoption Agreement. For a single Participant, a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity means an immediate annuity for the life of the Participant and which is the amount of benefit which can be purchased with the Participant's vested Account balance subject to Section 7.10. The terms of such annuity contract shall comply with the provisions of this Plan and the annuity contract shall be nontransferable. 
 
 Qualified Matching Contribution means a Matching Contribution made by the Employer pursuant to Section 4.04. 
 
 Qualified Military Service means qualified military service as defined in Code section 414(u). 
 
 9 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 2 DEFINITIONS 

Qualified Non-Elective Contribution means a Non-Elective Contribution made by the Employer pursuant to Section 4.04. 
 
 Qualified Non-Elective Contribution Account means so much of a Participant's Account as consists of Qualified Non-Elective Contributions (and corresponding earnings) made to the Plan. 
 
 Qualified Optional Survivor Annuity means an immediate annuity for the life of the Participant with a survivor annuity that is equal to the applicable percentage of the amount of the annuity that is payable during the joint lives of the Participant and the spouse, and that is the actuarial equivalent of a single life annuity for the life of the Participant. The survivor percentage of the Qualified Optional Survivor Annuity shall be determined in accordance with the following 
 
 (a) If the Plan provides for a specific Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity survivor annuity percentage and such percentage is less than 75 , then the Plan's Qualified Optional Survivor Annuity shall be 75 . 
 
 (b) If the Plan provides for a specific Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity survivor annuity percentage and such percentage is greater than or equal to 75 , then the Plan's Qualified Optional Survivor Annuity shall be 50 . 
 
 (c) If the Plan does not provide for a specific Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity survivor annuity percentage, then the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity survivor annuity percentage shall be 50 and the Qualified Optional Survivor Annuity survivor annuity percentage shall be 75 . 
 
 Qualified Reservist Distributions means the distributions described in Section 8.03(c). 
 
 Qualifying Longevity Annuity Contract (QLAC) means an annuity contract, purchased from an insurance company on or after July 2, 2014, for the benefit of a Participant under the plan, as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.401(a)(9)-6, Q&A 17. 
 
 Required Aggregation Group means (a) each qualified plan of the Employer in which at least one Key Employee participates or participated at any time during the Plan Year containing the Determination Date or any of the four preceding Plan Years (regardless of whether the Plan has terminated), and (b) any other qualified plan of the Employer which enables a plan described in (a) to meet the requirements of Code sections 401(a)(4) or 410. 
 
 Required Beginning Date means April 1 of the calendar year following the later of the calendar year in which the Participant attains age 70-1 2 or the calendar year in which the Participant retires, except that benefit distributions to a More Than 5 Owner must commence by April 1 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Participant attains age 70-1 2. The Adoption Agreement may provide that for a Participant other than a More Than 5 Owner (a) the Required Beginning Date is April 1 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Participant attains age 70-1 2 or (b) the Participant may elect to begin receiving distributions at the date specified in the preceding sentence or the date specified in clause (a) of this sentence. 
 
 Rollover Contribution means an Employee contribution made to the Plan as a rollover from another eligible retirement plan or individual retirement account pursuant to Article 4 of the Plan. 
 
 Rollover Contribution Account means so much of a Participant's Account as consists of a Participant's Rollover Contributions (and corresponding earnings) made to the Plan. 
 
 Roth Elective Deferral means an Elective Deferral that is (a) designated irrevocably by the Participant at the time of the cash or deferred election as a Roth Elective Deferral that is being made in lieu of all or a portion of the Pre-tax Elective Deferrals the Participant is otherwise eligible to make under the Plan and (b) treated by the Employer as includible in the Participant's income at the time the Participant would have received that amount in cash if the Participant had not made a cash or deferred election. Except as otherwise provided, Roth Elective Deferrals shall be subject to the same conditions and limitations as apply to Elective Deferrals. 
 
 Roth Elective Deferral Account means so much of a Participant's Account as consists of a Participant's Roth Elective Deferrals (and corresponding earnings) made to the Plan. The Plan will maintain a record of the amount of Roth Elective Deferrals in each Participant's Roth Elective Deferral Account. 
 
 10 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 2 DEFINITIONS 

Safe Harbor Notice means the notice described in Treas. Reg. sections 1.401(k)-3(d) and 1.401(m)-3(e), and any superseding guidance. The Safe Harbor Notice must provide comprehensive notice of the Employee's rights and obligations under the Plan and must be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the average Eligible Employee. The Safe Harbor Notice must be provided within a reasonable period before the beginning of the Plan Year (or, in the year an Employee becomes eligible, within a reasonable period before the Employee becomes eligible). A Safe Harbor Notice that is provided at least 30 days, but not more than 90 days is deemed to be provided in a reasonable period. If the Plan is a Qualified Automatic Contribution Arrangement, the Safe Harbor Notice must contain the additional requirements of and be provided within the timeframe required under Treas. Reg. section 1.401(k)-3(k)(4) and any superseding guidance. 
 
 Section 414(s) Compensation means Section 415 Compensation. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Plan Administrator retains the discretion to define Section 414(s) Compensation in accordance with Code section 414(s) and Treas. Reg. section 1.414(s)-1. The Plan Administrator has the discretion to determine Section 414(s) Compensation regardless of election made in defining Statutory Compensation or Plan Compensation. Any exclusion of the following compensation items will qualify as a safe harbor definition of Section 414(s) Compensation (i) reimbursements or other expense allowances, fringe benefits (cash and noncash), moving expenses, deferred compensation, and welfare benefits (ii) any portion of the compensation of some or all Highly Compensated Employees (iii) all compensation in excess of a specified dollar amount. The period used to determine an Employee's compensation for a Plan Year must be either the Plan Year or the calendar year ending within the Plan Year. Whichever period is selected by the Plan Administrator must be applied uniformly to determine the compensation of every Eligible Employee under the Plan for that Plan Year. The Plan Administrator may, however, limit the period taken into account under either method to that portion of the Plan Year or calendar year in which the Employee was an Eligible Employee, provided that this limit is applied uniformly to all Eligible Employees under the Plan for the Plan Year. In the case of a Highly Compensated Employee whose Actual Deferral Ratio is determined under Treas. Reg. section 1.401(k)-2(a)(3)(ii), period of participation includes periods under another plan for which Elective Deferrals are aggregated under Treas. Reg. section 1.401(k)-2(a)(3)(ii). Section 414(s) Compensation shall be limited by any dollar limits described in Code section 401(a)(17). The Plan Administrator may include Post Severance Compensation or determine Section 414(s) Compensation using Post Year End Compensation. 
 
 Section 415 Compensation means a definition of Statutory Compensation that 
 
 (a) Includes all of the following 
 
 (1) The Employee's wages, salaries, fees for professional services, and other amounts received (without regard to whether or not an amount is paid in cash) for personal services actually rendered in the course of employment with the Employer maintaining the Plan, to the extent that the amounts are includible in gross income (or to the extent amounts would have been received and includible in gross income but for an election under Code section 125(a), 132(f)(4), 402(e)(3), 402(h)(1)(B), 402(k), or 457(b)). These amounts include, but are not limited to, commissions paid to salespersons, compensation for services on the basis of a percentage of profits, commissions on insurance premiums, tips, bonuses, fringe benefits, and reimbursements or other expense allowances under a nonaccountable plan as described in Treas. Reg. section 1.62-2(c). 
 
 (2) Amounts described in Code section 104(a)(3), 105(a), or 105(h), but only to the extent that these amounts are includible in the gross income of the Employee. 
 
 (3) Amounts paid or reimbursed by the Employer for moving expenses incurred by an Employee, but only to the extent that at the time of the payment it is reasonable to believe that these amounts are not deductible by the Employee under Code section 217. 
 
 (4) The value of a nonstatutory option (which is an option other than a statutory option as defined in Treas. Reg. section 1.421-1(b)) granted to an Employee by the Employer, but only to the extent that the value of the option is includible in the gross income of the Employee for the taxable year in which granted. 
 
 (5) The amount includible in the gross income of an Employee upon making the election described in Code 
 section 83(b). 
 
 (6) Amounts that are includible in the gross income of an Employee under the rules of Code section 409A or 457(f)(1)(A) or because the amounts are constructively received by the Employee. 
 
 11 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 2 DEFINITIONS 

(b) Excludes all of the following 
 
 (1) Contributions (other than elective contributions described in Code section 402(e)(3), 408(k)(6), 408(p)(2)(A)(i), or 457(b)) made by the Employer to a plan of deferred compensation (including a simplified employee pension plan described in Code section 408(k) or a simple retirement account described in Code section 408(p), and whether or not qualified) to the extent that the contributions are not includible in the gross income of the Employee for the taxable year in which contributed. In addition, any distributions from a plan of deferred compensation (whether or not qualified) are not considered as compensation for Code section 415 purposes, regardless of whether such amounts are includible in the gross income of the Employee when distributed. 
 
 (2) Amounts realized from the exercise of a nonstatutory option (which is an option other than a statutory option as defined in Treas. Reg. section 1.421-1(b)), or when restricted stock or other property held by an Employee either becomes freely transferable or is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture (see Code section 83 and regulations promulgated thereunder). 
 
 (3) Amounts realized from the sale, exchange, or other disposition of stock acquired under a statutory stock option (as defined in Treas. Reg. section 1.421-1(b)). 
 
 (4) Other amounts that receive special tax benefits, such as premiums for group-term life insurance (but only to the extent that the premiums are not includible in the gross income of the Employee and are not salary reduction amounts that are described in Code section 125). 
 
 (5) Other items of remuneration that are similar to any of the items listed in paragraphs (b)(1) through (b)(4) 
 of this Section. 
 
 Section 415 Safe Harbor Option means Section 415 Compensation which excludes all of the following 
 
 (a) Amounts described in Code section 104(a)(3), 105(a), or 105(h), but only to the extent that these amounts are includible in the gross income of the Employee. 
 
 (b) Amounts paid or reimbursed by the Employer for moving expenses incurred by an Employee, but only to the extent that at the time of the payment it is reasonable to believe that these amounts are not deductible by the Employee under Code section 217. 
 
 (c) The value of a nonstatutory option (which is an option other than a statutory option as defined in Treas. Reg. section 1.421-1(b)) granted to an Employee by the Employer, but only to the extent that the value of the option is includible in the gross income of the Employee for the taxable year in which granted. 
 
 (d) The amount includible in the gross income of an Employee upon making the election described in Code section 
 83(b). 
 
 (e) Amounts that are includible in the gross income of an Employee under the rules of Code section 409A or 457(f)(1)(A) or because the amounts are constructively received by the Employee. 
 
 Self-Employed Individual means any individual who has Earned Income for the taxable year from the trade or business for which the Plan is established, including an individual who would have Earned Income but for the fact that the trade or business had no net profits for the taxable year. An individual shall not be a Self-Employed Individual unless he or she is also an owner of the Employer. 
 
 Short Plan Year means any Plan Year that is not a full 12-month period due to either a plan amendment, or a plan effective date for a new plan that is fewer than 12 months before the plan year end. Unless otherwise selected in the Adoption Agreement, the following provisions shall apply 
 
 12 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 2 DEFINITIONS 

(a) If the Short Plan Year is the Plan's initial Plan Year, for eligibility and vesting (if service prior to the adoption of the Plan is counted) where the Computation Period is based on the Plan Year, the applicable Computation Period will be the normal Plan Year, regardless of the initial Short Plan Year. However, for vesting purposes only, if the Plan Sponsor elects to exclude service prior to the adoption of the Plan, the Computation Period shall begin on the first day of the Short Plan Year and end on the date that is 12 months following the first day of the Short Plan Year. 
 
 (b) If the Plan is amended to create the Short Plan Year, and eligibility and vesting service are based on the Plan Year, the applicable Computation Period shall begin on the first day of the Short Plan Year and end on the date that is 12 months following the first day of the Short Plan Year. This will apply only for an Employee who has at least one (1) hour of service during the Short Plan Year. 
 
 (c) The compensation limit for a Short Plan Year is an amount equal to the otherwise applicable annual compensation limit multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of months in the Short Plan Year, and the denominator of which is 12. 
 
 (d) Where an Employer contribution is allocated for a Short Plan Year, an allocation condition set forth in the Adoption Agreement that requires a set number of hours of service will not be prorated as a result of the Short Plan Year. 
 
 (e) If the Plan uses the permitted disparity method to allocate Employer contributions for the Short Plan Year, the integration level will be prorated accordingly based on the number of months in the Short Plan Year. 
 
 In all other respects, the Plan shall be operated for a Short Plan Year in the same manner as for a normal 12-month Plan 
 Year. 
 
 Statutory Compensation shall have the meaning set forth in the Adoption Agreement and described below. 
 
 Statutory Compensation must be determined without regard to any rules under Code section 3401(a) that limit the remuneration included in wages based on the nature or location of the employment or the services performed (such as the exception for agricultural labor in Code section 3401(a)(2)). For any Self-Employed Individual, Statutory Compensation shall mean Earned Income. 
 
 Statutory Compensation shall include the following 
 
 (a) Any amount which is contributed by the Employer pursuant to a salary reduction agreement and which is not includible in the gross income of the Participant under Code sections 125, 402(e)(3), 402(h), 403(b), 132(f) or 457 
 
 (b) Differential military pay (as defined in Code section 3401(h)(2)), to the extent applicable 
 
 (c) Final Paycheck Pay 
 
 (d) Compensation paid to a Participant who is permanently and totally disabled, to the extent applicable and 
 
 (e) Back pay, as defined in Treas. Reg. section 1.415(c)-2(g)(8), will be treated as Statutory Compensation for the Limitation Year to which the back pay relates to the extent the back pay represents wages and compensation that would otherwise be included under this definition. 
 
 The exclusions from Statutory Compensation for payments after severance from employment do not apply to payments to a Participant who does not currently perform services for the Employer by reason of Qualified Military Service to the extent those payments do not exceed the amounts the Participant would have received if the individual had continued to perform services for the Employer rather than entering Qualified Military Service. 
 
 Notwithstanding any other provision hereof to the contrary, the annual Statutory Compensation of each Employee taken into account under the Plan for any Plan Year shall not exceed 200,000, (as adjusted under Code section 401(a)(17) for such year). 
 
 13 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 2 DEFINITIONS 

If a Plan Year consists of fewer than 12 months, the applicable limitation under Code section 401(a)(17) will be multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of months in such year, and the denominator of which is 12. 
 
 Straight Life Annuity means an annuity payable in equal installments for the life of the Participant that terminates upon the Participant's death. 
 
 Termination and Termination of Employment means any absence from service that ends the employment of the Employee with the Employer. 
 
 Top-Heavy means a Plan that for any Plan Year meets the definition in Section 10.01. 
 
 Top-Heavy Ratio means 
 
 (a) If the Employer maintains one or more defined contribution plans (including any simplified employee pension plan) and the Employer has not maintained any defined benefit plan which during the 5-year period ending on the Determination Date(s) has or has had accrued benefits, the Top-Heavy Ratio for this Plan alone or for the Required or Permissive Aggregation Group, as appropriate, is a fraction, the numerator of which is the sum of the Account balances of all Key Employees as of the Determination Date(s), including any part of any Account balance distributed in the one-year period ending on the Determination Date(s) (5-year period ending on the Determination Date in the case of a distribution made for a reason other than severance from employment, death or Disability), and the denominator of which is the sum of all Account balances including any part of any Account balance distributed in the 1-year period ending on the Determination Date(s) (5-year period ending on the Determination Date in the case of a distribution made for a reason other than severance from employment, death or Disability), both computed in accordance with Code section 416 and the regulations thereunder. Both the numerator and denominator of the Top-Heavy Ratio are increased to reflect any contribution not actually made as of the Determination Date, but which is required to be taken into account on that date under Code section 416 and the regulations thereunder. 
 
 (b) If the Employer maintains one or more defined contribution plans (including any simplified employee pension plan) and the Employer maintains or has maintained one or more defined benefit plans which during the 5-year period ending on the Determination Date(s) has or has had any accrued benefits, the Top-Heavy Ratio for any Required or Permissive Aggregation group, as appropriate, is a fraction, the numerator of which is the sum of Account balances under the aggregated defined contribution plan or plans for all Key Employees, determined in accordance with (a) above, and the Present Value of accrued benefits under the aggregated defined benefit plan or plans for all Key Employees as of the Determination Date(s), and the denominator of which is the sum of the Account balances under the aggregated defined contribution plan or plans for all Participants, determined in accordance with (a) above, and the Present Value of accrued benefits under the defined benefit plan or plans for all Participants as of the Determination Date(s), all determined in accordance with Code section 416 and the regulations thereunder. The accrued benefits under a defined benefit plan in both the numerator and denominator of the Top-Heavy Ratio are increased for any distribution of an accrued benefit made in the one-year period ending on the Determination Date (5-year period ending on the Determination Date in the case of a distribution made for a reason other than severance from employment, death, or Disability). 
 
 (c) For purposes of (a) and (b) above the value of Account balances and the Present Value of accrued benefits will be determined as of the most recent Valuation Date that falls within or ends with the 12-month period ending on the Determination Date, except as provided in Code section 416 and the regulations thereunder for the first and second Plan Years of a defined benefit plan. The Account balances and accrued benefits of a Participant (1) who is a Non-Key Employee but who was a Key Employee in a prior year, or (2) who has not been credited with at least one Hour of Service with any Employer maintaining the Plan at any time during the one-year period ending on the Determination Date will be disregarded. The calculation of the Top-Heavy Ratio, and the extent to which distributions, in-service withdrawals, rollovers, and transfers are taken into account will be made in accordance with Code section 416 and the regulations thereunder. Deductible Employee contributions will not be taken into account for purposes of computing the Top-Heavy Ratio. When aggregating plans the value of account balances and accrued benefits will be calculated with reference to the determination dates that fall within the same calendar year. 
 
 The accrued benefit of a Non-Key Employee shall be determined under (x) the method, if any, that uniformly applies for accrual purposes under all defined benefit plans maintained by the Employer or (y) if there is no such method, as if such benefit accrued not more rapidly than the slowest accrual rate permitted under the fractional rule of Code section 411(b)(1)(C). 
 
 14 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 2 DEFINITIONS 

Transfer Account means so much of a Participant's Account as consists of amounts transferred from another eligible retirement plan (and corresponding earnings) pursuant to Article 4 in a transaction that was not an eligible rollover distribution within the meaning of Code section 402. 
 
 Trust means the funding vehicle of the Plan to which the terms of a separate trust agreement shall apply. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Plan and any conflicting provision contained in any associated trust, custodial account document, or any document that is incorporated by reference, the terms of this Plan will govern. 
 
 Trustee means the person or persons designated by the Plan Sponsor in a separate trust agreement to serve as the Trustee to the extent the assets of the Plan are not held solely by an insurance company. 
 
 Union Employee means any Employee who is included in a unit of Employees covered by a collective bargaining agreement, if retirement benefits were the subject of good faith bargaining, and if the collective bargaining agreement does not provide for participation in this Plan. 
 
 Valuation Date has the meaning specified in the Adoption Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in the Adoption Agreement to the contrary and in the event that there is to be a distribution, transfer of assets or division of assets from the Plan, the Plan Administrator may in its sole discretion declare a special Valuation Date for that portion of the Plan that is not daily-valued to protect the interests of Participants in the Plan or the Participant receiving the distribution. 
 
 Vesting Computation Period means, for purposes of determining Years of Vesting Service, the period described in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 Voluntary Contribution means an Employee contribution made to the Plan on an after-tax basis. The term Voluntary Contribution shall not include Roth Elective Deferrals. 
 
 Voluntary Contribution Account means so much of a Participant's Account as consists of a Participant's Voluntary Contributions (and corresponding earnings) made to the Plan. 
 
 W-2 Compensation means wages, within the meaning of Code section 3401(a), and all other payments of compensation to an Employee by the Employer (in the course of the Employer's trade or business) for which the Employer is required to furnish the Employee a written statement under Code sections 6041(d), 6051(a)(3), and 6052. W-2 Compensation shall be determined without regard to any rules under Code section 3401(a) that limit the remuneration included in wages based on the nature or location of the employment or the services performed (such as the exception for agricultural labor in Code section 3401(a)(2)). 
 
 Withholding Compensation means wages within the meaning of Code section 3401(a) for the purposes of income tax withholding at the source, but determined without regard to any rules that limit the remuneration included in wages based on the nature or location of the employment or the services performed (such as the exception for agricultural labor in Code section 3401(a)(2)). 
 
 Year of Eligibility Service means, with respect to any Employee, an Eligibility Computation Period during which he completes at least the service specified in the Adoption Agreement. If the Plan uses the Elapsed Time Method (a) Year of Eligibility Service means a 12-month period of time beginning on an Employee's Employment Commencement Date and ending on the date on which eligibility service is being determined (b) in order to determine the number of whole Years of Eligibility Service under the Elapsed Time Method, nonsuccessive periods of service and less than whole year periods of service shall be aggregated on the basis that 12 months of service (30 days are deemed to be a month in the case of the aggregation of fractional months) or 365 days of service are equal to a whole year of service (c) an Employee will also receive credit for any Period of Severance of less than 12 consecutive months and (d) if less than one Year of Eligibility Service is required in Article 3, such service shall be determined by substituting such period for 12-month and Year where they appear in this paragraph. 
 
 All eligibility service with the Employer is taken into account except that if permitted in the Adoption Agreement, the following service shall be disregarded in determining Years of Eligibility Service 
 
 15 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 2 DEFINITIONS 

(a) One-Year Holdout. If an Employee has a One-Year Break in Service (One-Year Period of Severance to the extent the Plan uses the Elapsed Time Method), Years of Eligibility Service before such period will not be taken into account until the Employee has completed a Year of Eligibility Service after returning to employment with the Employer. 
 
 Where a Plan's service requirement is two years of service, if an Employee experiences a one-year break in service prior to satisfying the two years of service eligibility requirement, any service prior to the break in service will not be taken into account. 
 
 (b) Rule of Parity. If an Employee does not have any nonforfeitable right to the Account balance derived from Employer contributions, Years of Eligibility Service before a period of five (5) consecutive One-Year Breaks in Service (One-Year Periods of Severance to the extent the Plan uses the Elapsed Time Method) will not be taken into account in computing eligibility service. Elective Deferrals are taken into account for purposes of determining whether a Participant is a nonvested Participant for purposes of Code section 411(a)(6)(D)(iii). 
 
 If a Participant's Years of Eligibility Service are disregarded pursuant to the foregoing, such Participant will be treated as a new Employee for eligibility purposes. If a Participant's Years of Eligibility Service may not be disregarded pursuant to the foregoing, such Participant shall participate in the Plan pursuant to the terms of Article 3. 
 
 To the extent provided in the Adoption Agreement, eligibility service may also include service with employers other than the Employer. 
 
 Year of Vesting Service means a Vesting Computation Period during which the Employee completes at least the number of hours specified in the Adoption Agreement. If the Plan uses the Elapsed Time Method (a) Year of Vesting Service means a 
 12-month period of time beginning on an Employee's Employment Commencement Date and ending on the date on which vesting service is being determined (b) in order to determine the number of whole Years of Vesting Service under the Elapsed Time Method, nonsuccessive periods of service and less than whole year periods of service shall be aggregated on the basis that 12 months of service (30 days are deemed to be a month in the case of the aggregation of fractional months) or 365 days of service are equal to a whole year of service and (c) an Employee will also receive credit for any Period of Severance of less than 12 consecutive months. 
 
 All Years of Vesting Service with the Employer are taken into account except that for an Employee who has five consecutive One-Year Breaks in Service (One-Year Periods of Severance to the extent the Plan uses the Elapsed Time Method) all periods of service after such breaks in service periods of severance shall be disregarded for the purpose of vesting the Employee's 
 Employer-derived Account balance that accrued before such breaks in service periods of severance, but except as otherwise expressly provided, both the service before and after such breaks in service periods of severance shall count for purposes of vesting the Employee's Employer-derived Account balance that accrues after such breaks in service periods of severance pursuant to Article 6. 
 
 In addition, if permitted in the Adoption Agreement, the following service shall be disregarded in determining Years of Vesting Service 
 
 (a) One-Year Holdout. If an Employee has a One-Year Break in Service (One-Year Period of Severance to the extent the Plan uses the Elapsed Time Method), Years of Vesting Service before such period will not be taken into account until the Employee has completed a Year of Vesting Service after returning to employment with the Employer. 
 
 (b) Rule of Parity. If an Employee does not have any nonforfeitable right to the Account balance derived from Employer contributions, Years of Vesting Service before a period of five (5) consecutive One-Year Breaks in Service (One-Year Periods of Severance to the extent the Plan uses the Elapsed Time Method) will not be taken into account in computing vesting service. Elective Deferrals are taken into account for purposes of determining whether a Participant is a nonvested Participant for purposes of Code section 411(a)(6)(D)(iii). 
 
 (c) Years of Vesting Service before age 18 or Years of Vesting Service before the Employer maintained this Plan or a predecessor plan will not be taken into account in computing vesting service to the extent provided in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 16 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 2 DEFINITIONS 

To the extent provided in the Adoption Agreement, vesting service may also include service with employers other than the Employer. 
 17 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 3 PARTICIPATION 

ARTICLE 3 PARTICIPATION 

Section 3.01 ELECTIVE DEFERRALS AND VOLUNTARY CONTRIBUTIONS 
 
 Each Eligible Employee shall become a Participant eligible to make Elective Deferrals and Voluntary Contributions on the date specified in the Adoption Agreement provided that he is an Eligible Employee on such date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant shall be eligible to make Elective Deferrals or Voluntary Contributions only to the extent such contributions are permitted in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 Section 3.02 MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS 
 
 Each Eligible Employee shall become a Participant eligible to receive Matching Contributions on the date specified in the Adoption Agreement provided that he is an Eligible Employee on such date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant shall be eligible to receive Matching Contributions only to the extent such contributions are permitted in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 Each Eligible Employee shall become a Participant eligible to receive safe harbor contributions on the date specified in the Adoption Agreement provided that he is an Eligible Employee on such date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant shall be eligible to receive safe harbor contributions only to the extent such contributions are permitted in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 Section 3.03 EMPLOYER CONTRIBUTIONS 
 
 (a) Non-Elective Contributions. Each Eligible Employee shall become a Participant eligible to receive Non-Elective Contributions on the date specified in the Adoption Agreement provided that he is an Eligible Employee on such date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant shall be eligible to receive Non-Elective Contributions only to the extent such contributions are permitted in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 (b) Pension Contributions. Each Eligible Employee shall become a Participant eligible to receive Pension Contributions on the date specified in the Adoption Agreement provided that he is an Eligible Employee on such date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant shall be eligible to receive Pension Contributions only to the extent such contributions are permitted in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 Section 3.04 TRANSFERS 
 
 If a change in job classification or a transfer results in an individual no longer qualifying as an Eligible Employee, such Employee shall cease to be a Participant for purposes of Article 4 (or shall not become eligible to become a Participant) as of the effective date of such change of job classification or transfer. Should such Employee again qualify as an Eligible Employee or if an Employee who was not previously an Eligible Employee becomes an Eligible Employee, he shall become a Participant with respect to the contributions for which the eligibility requirements have been satisfied as of the later of the effective date of such subsequent change of status or the date the Employee meets the eligibility requirements of this Article 3. 
 
 Section 3.05 TERMINATION AND REHIRES 
 
 If an Employee has a Termination of Employment, such Employee shall cease to be a Participant for purposes of Article 4 (or shall not become eligible to become a Participant except as provided in Article 4) as of his Termination of Employment. An individual who has satisfied the applicable eligibility requirements set forth in Article 3, including passing an entry date, before his Termination date, and who is subsequently reemployed by the Employer as an Eligible Employee, shall resume or become a Participant immediately upon his rehire date with respect to the contributions for which the eligibility requirements of this Article 3 have been satisfied. An individual who has not so qualified for participation on his Termination date, and who is subsequently reemployed by the Employer as an Eligible Employee, shall be eligible to participate as of the later of the effective date of such reemployment or the date the individual meets the eligibility requirements of this Article 3. The determination of whether a rehired Eligible Employee satisfies the requirements of Article 3 shall be made after the application of any applicable break in service rules. 
 
 Section 3.06 LIMITATIONS ON EXCLUSIONS 
 
 18 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 3 PARTICIPATION 

(a) Exclusions. Any Employee exclusion entered in the Adoption Agreement shall not be valid to the extent that such exclusion results in only Nonhighly Compensated Employees participating with the lowest amount of Plan Compensation or lowest amount of service so that the Plan still meets the coverage requirements of Code section 410(b). 
 
 (b) Coverage. The Plan must provide that an Eligible Employee who has attained age 21 and who has completed one Year of Eligibility Service (two Years of Eligibility Service may be used for contributions other than Elective Deferrals if the Plan provides a nonforfeitable right to 100 of the Participant's applicable Account balance after not more than 2 Years of Eligibility Service) shall commence participation in the Plan no later than the earlier of (1) the first day of the first Plan Year beginning after the date on which such Eligible Employee satisfied such requirements or (2) the date that is 6 months after the date on which he satisfied such requirements. A maximum age of 26 may be used instead where the plan is maintained exclusively for employees of an educational institution (as defined in Code section 170(b)(1)(A)(ii)) by an Employer which is exempt from tax under Code section 501(a) which provides that each Participant having at least 1 year of service has a right to 100 percent of his accrued benefit under the Plan which is nonforfeitable (within the meaning of Code section 411) at the time such benefit accrues. 
 
 (c) A Participant shall be treated as benefiting under the Plan for any Plan Year during which the Participant received or is deemed to receive an allocation in accordance with Treas. Reg. section 1.410(b)-3(a). Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, no Participant shall earn an allocation hereunder except as provided under the terms of the Plan as in effect on the last day of the Plan Year after giving effect to all retroactive amendments that may be permitted under applicable Internal Revenue Service procedures and other applicable law including, without limitation, any amendment permitted under Treas. Reg. section 1.401(a)(4)-11. 
 
 (d) Modifications. The completion of a 'fill-in' blank in the Adoption Agreement shall not be considered to be a modification to the Pre-Approved Plan document unless the language used to complete the 'fill-in' blank is contrary to the notes and guidelines that accompany the option. If a completed 'fill-in' blank violates is contrary to the notes and guidelines that accompany the option, the language is a modification to the Pre-Approved Plan document. 
 
 Section 3.07 PROCEDURES FOR ADMISSION 
 
 The Plan Administrator shall prescribe such forms and may require such data from Participants as are reasonably required to enroll a Participant in the Plan or to effectuate any Participant elections made pursuant to this Article 3. 
 
 Section 3.08 PARTICIPANTS RECEIVING DIFFERENTIAL MILITARY PAY 
 
 To the extent selected in the Adoption Agreement and pursuant to Code section 414(u)(12), IRS Notice 2010-15 and any superseding guidance, a Participant receiving differential wage payments (as defined in Code section 3401(h)(2)) shall be treated as an Employee of the Employer making the payment and the differential wage payments may be treated as Plan Compensation under the Plan to the extent selected in the Adoption Agreement. 
 19 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 4 CONTRIBUTIONS 

ARTICLE 4 CONTRIBUTIONS 

Section 4.01 ELECTIVE DEFERRALS AND VOLUNTARY CONTRIBUTIONS 
 
 (a) Elections. Each Participant may execute elections pursuant to this Section 4.01 in the form and manner prescribed by the Plan Administrator. The Plan Administrator shall provide each Participant with the forms necessary to elect the amount of Elective Deferrals and Voluntary Contributions. Such election shall provide that a Participant may elect to reduce his Plan Compensation by amounts specified in the Adoption Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant shall be eligible to make Elective Deferrals or Voluntary Contributions only to the extent such contributions are permitted in the Adoption Agreement. The Plan Administrator may adopt a policy for the expiration of such elections. 
 
 (b) Modifications. As of the date a Participant first meets the eligibility requirements of Section 3.01, he may elect to contribute to the Plan. Subsequent to that date, a Participant may elect to start, increase, reduce or totally suspend his elections pursuant to this Section 4.01, effective as of the dates specified in the Adoption Agreement. If the Adoption Agreement specifies that the Plan is a safe harbor 401(k) plan, a Participant may modify his election during the 30-day period following receipt of the Safe Harbor Notice. However, if the Plan is a Qualified Automatic Contribution Arrangement, a Participant may modify his election during the timeframe outlined in section 4.01(g)(2) below. 
 
 (c) Procedures. A Participant shall make an election described in Subsection (b) in such form and manner as may be prescribed by procedures established by the Plan Administrator. Such procedures may include, but not be limited to specifying that elections be made at such time in advance as the Plan Administrator may require, allowing on a nondiscriminatory basis a Participant to make a separate election as to any bonuses or other special pay, or requiring elections be made in a dollar amount or percentage of pay. A Participant's election regarding Elective Deferrals may be made only with respect to an amount which the Participant could otherwise elect to receive in cash and which is not currently available to the Participant. The Plan Administrator may allow Participants, on a nondiscriminatory basis, to defer on Plan Compensation actually received after Termination of Employment. 
 
 (d) Reduction in Elections. The Plan Administrator may reduce or totally suspend a Participant's election if the Plan Administrator determines that such election may cause the Plan to fail to satisfy any of the requirements of Article 5. 
 
 (e) Catch-up Contributions. Unless otherwise elected in the Adoption Agreement, all Participants who are eligible to make Elective Deferrals under this Plan shall be eligible to make Catch-up Contributions pursuant to Section 5.01(d). 
 
 (f) Roth Elective Deferrals. To the extent provided in the Adoption Agreement, Participants shall be eligible to irrevocably designate some or all of their Elective Deferrals as either Pre-tax Elective Deferrals or Roth Elective Deferrals. However, the Plan Administrator may, on a nondiscriminatory basis, require a Participant to elect all of their Elective Deferrals as either Pre-tax Elective Deferrals or Roth Elective Deferrals. All elections shall be subject to the same election procedures, limits on modifications and other terms and conditions on elections as specified in the Plan. If Roth Elective Deferrals are not permitted, all Elective Deferrals shall be designated as Pre-tax Elective Deferrals. 
 
 (g) Automatic Enrollment. To the extent provided in the Adoption Agreement, upon the initial satisfaction of the eligibility requirements of Article 3 with respect to Elective Deferrals (and at the effective date of the addition of an automatic enrollment feature for current Participants or expiration of an Elective Deferral election), an Eligible Employee described in the Adoption Agreement shall be deemed to have made an Elective Deferral election in the amount provided in the Adoption Agreement provided that 
 
 (1) In a reasonable period of time before the deemed election takes place the Eligible Employee shall receive a notice that explains the automatic Elective Deferral election, his or her Plan Compensation reduction percentage and the individual's right to elect to have no such Elective Deferrals made to the Plan or to alter the amount of those contributions, including the procedure for exercising that right and the timing for implementation of any such election. The Eligible Employee must have a reasonable opportunity to file an election to receive cash in lieu of Elective Deferrals before such deemed election is made. If the Adoption Agreement indicates the Plan intends to be an eligible automatic contribution arrangement (EACA), the notice must meet the additional requirements below 
 
 20 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 4 CONTRIBUTIONS 

(A) The notice must be provided within a reasonable period before the beginning of each Plan Year or, in the Plan Year the Employee is first eligible to make a cash or deferred election (or first becomes covered under the automatic contribution arrangement as a result of a change in employment status), within a reasonable period before the Employee becomes a covered Employee. A notice satisfies the timing requirements of this paragraph only if it is provided sufficiently early so that the Employee has a reasonable period of time after receipt of the notice in order to make the election described under Treas. Reg. section 1.414(w)-1(e)(2). 
 
 (B) The notice must describe how contributions made under the arrangement will be invested in the absence of any investment election. 
 
 (C) The notice must describe the right to make a permissible withdrawal (as described in Section 4.01(g)(5)(B)), if applicable, and the procedures to elect such a withdrawal. 
 
 (2) If the default election is pursuant to a Qualified Automatic Contribution Arrangement, the default election must be effective no later than the earlier of (i) the pay date for the second payroll period that begins after the date the notice is provided, or (ii) the first pay date that occurs at least 30 days after the notice is provided. Notwithstanding any delay in when the first default contribution is made, Qualified Non-Elective Contributions that are based on a full year's contributions and any rate of Matching Contributions that varies based on Plan Compensation must be based on Plan Compensation earned since the Participant was first eligible under the Plan. 
 
 (3) Unless otherwise selected in the Adoption Agreement, if the Plan provides for Roth Elective Deferrals, all Elective Deferrals made under Subsection (g) shall be designated as Pre-tax Elective Deferrals. 
 
 (4) Administrator Discretion. The Plan Administrator may, on a uniform and nondiscriminatory basis, provide that a new Initial Period shall begin for an Employee who either (1) is terminated for a full Plan Year and is rehired in a subsequent Plan Year or (2) has not had automatic Elective Deferrals made on their behalf for a full Plan Year. The Plan Administrator may also, on a uniform and nondiscriminatory basis, provide that an affirmative election expires and that the Employee must make a new affirmative election or he or she will be subject to automatic deferrals and any related increases. 
 
 (5) Elections to End or Reduce Automatic Enrollment 
 
 (A) If the Adoption Agreement indicates the Plan is not an Eligible Automatic Contribution Arrangement (EACA) and the Plan Administrator elects to allow withdrawals, the Eligible Employee may file an election to receive cash in lieu of Elective Deferrals at the time such deemed election is made or within the 60-day period thereafter. Upon an election to receive cash in lieu of Elective Deferrals, the Participant shall not receive a refund of any Elective Deferral made. The Eligible Employee may make a subsequent affirmative election to make Elective Deferrals at a later date that is effective as provided in Section 4.01(b). 
 
 (B) Eligible Automatic Contribution Arrangement (EACA). To the extent the Adoption Agreement indicates the Plan intends to be an eligible automatic contribution arrangement (EACA), if the Adoption Agreement allows for permissible withdrawals, an Employee for whom Elective Deferrals have been automatically made may elect to withdraw all of the contributions made on his or her behalf including earnings thereon to the date of the withdrawal. This withdrawal right is available only if the withdrawal election is made within the earlier of 90 or the number of days specified in the Adoption Agreement after the date of the first contribution under an EACA. Any Matching Contribution made with respect to the amount withdrawn (adjusted for allocable gains and losses) shall be forfeited. A withdrawal request will be treated as an affirmative election to stop having Elective Deferrals made unless the Employee affirmatively elects otherwise. 
 
 (i) Election Period. The Plan Administrator may, on a uniform and nondiscriminatory basis, require an election period shorter than 90 days, provided that such election period be at least 30 days. 
 
 (ii) Treatment of Refunds. Elective Deferrals refunded pursuant to this Subsection and any related Matching Contributions forfeited, shall not be taken into account in determining an Employee's Actual Deferral Ratio and Actual Contribution Ratio under the Actual Deferral Percentage (ADP) and ACP tests, and shall be disregarded in determining 
 
 21 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 4 CONTRIBUTIONS 

limitations under Code section 402(g). Any amounts refunded under this Paragraph are not eligible rollover contributions. No spousal consent is required for a refund under this Section. 
 
 (iii) The provisions of this Section are separately applied to each portion of the Plan after the application of the mandatory disaggregation rules of Code section 410(b). 
 
 (iv) New Hire Treatment. The Plan Administrator may, on a uniform and nondiscriminatory basis, treat an Employee as a new hire if an Employee either (1) is terminated for a full Plan Year and is rehired in a subsequent Plan Year or (2) has not had automatic Elective Deferrals made on their behalf for a full Plan Year. 
 
 (v) Fees. The amount distributed may be reduced by fees pursuant to Treas. Reg. section 
 1.414(w)-1(c)(3)(ii). 
 
 (vi) Refund Deadline. The extended testing deadline of Code section 4979 shall apply only if all Employees eligible to make Elective Deferrals are covered under the EACA for the entire Plan Year (or the portion of the Plan Year the Employees are Eligible Employees). 
 
 (vii) The provisions of this Subsection are subject to any requirements under Code section 414(w), Code section 4979, the final Treasury Regulations issued February 24, 2009 and any corresponding guidance or regulations issued thereunder. 
 
 (h) Contribution and Allocation of Elective Deferrals and Voluntary Contributions. The Employer shall contribute to the Plan with respect to each pay period an amount equal to the Elective Deferrals and Voluntary Contributions of Participants for such pay period, as determined pursuant to the elections in force pursuant to this Section. There shall be directly and promptly allocated to the Elective Deferral Account and Voluntary Contribution Account of each Participant the Elective Deferrals and Voluntary Contributions, respectively, contributed by the Employer to the Plan by reason of any election in force with respect to that Participant. 
 
 Section 4.02 MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS 
 
 (a) Amount of Matching Contributions. Subject to the limitations described in Article 5, the Employer shall contribute to the Plan an amount specified in the Adoption Agreement on behalf of each Participant who made a Matched Employee Contribution and who has completed any service requirements specified in the Adoption Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant shall be eligible to receive an allocation of Matching Contributions only to the extent such contributions are permitted in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 (1) Fixed Match. If selected in the Adoption Agreement, the Employer will make a Fixed Matching Contribution to the Plan pursuant to the formula(s) chosen. 
 
 (2) Discretionary Match. If selected in the Adoption Agreement, the Employer may elect to make a Discretionary Matching Contribution. The Employer has discretion over the amount, formula, and timing of any contribution made unless otherwise indicated in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 (b) Contribution and Allocation of Matching Contributions. Matching Contributions shall be made to the Plan and promptly allocated to the Matching Contribution Accounts of Participants who meet the requirements of Subsection (a) and in the amount determined pursuant to Subsection (a) as soon as administratively feasible after the end of the periods described in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 (1) If the Employer funds Matching Contributions more frequently than the determination period indicated in the Adoption Agreement, a true-up contribution will be made to any Participant who did not receive a Matching Contribution based on Matched Employee Contributions or Plan Compensation for the entire determination period indicated in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 22 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 4 CONTRIBUTIONS 

(2) If the Adoption Agreement specifies that the Catch-up Contributions specified in Section 5.01 shall not be matched, any Matching Contributions made on an Elective Deferral and, if applicable, a Voluntary Contribution that are subsequently classified as a Catch-up Contribution shall be forfeited to the extent allocated. 
 
 (3) If the Adoption Agreement provides that the Plan is intended to be a safe harbor 401(k) plan and safe harbor match is made separately with respect to each payroll period (or with respect to all payroll periods ending with or within each month or quarter of a Plan Year), such safe harbor match must be contributed to the Plan by the last day of the immediately following Plan Year quarter. 
 
 (c) Participant. For purposes of this Section, Participant shall mean an Eligible Employee who has met the eligibility requirements of Article 3 with respect to Matching Contributions. 
 
 (d) Coverage Failures. If the application of the rules described above causes the Plan to fail to meet the minimum coverage requirements of Code section 410(b) as of the last day of the Plan Year (the Plan does not benefit a percentage of Nonhighly Compensated Employees that is at least 70 of the percentage of Highly Compensated Employees who benefit under the Plan) for any Plan Year with respect to Matching Contributions because the Employer's Matching Contributions have not been allocated to a sufficient number or percentage of Participants for such year, then the list of Participants eligible to share in such contributions for such year shall be expanded to include the Participants described in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 (1) If the Adoption Agreement specifies that all non-excludable Participants shall be entitled to share in such contributions for such year, then the following additional Participants shall be eligible to share in such contributions 
 
 (A) Any Participant who remains in the Employer's employ on the last day of such Plan Year and 
 
 (B) Any Participant who completes at least 501 Hours of Service during such Plan Year (whether or not he remains in the Employer's employ on the last day of such Plan Year). 
 
 (2) If the Adoption Agreement specifies that just enough Participants shall be entitled to share in such contributions for such year, then the following additional Participants shall be eligible to share in such contributions 
 
 (A) The list of Participants eligible to share in the Employer's Matching Contributions for such Plan Year shall be expanded to include the minimum number of Participants who would not otherwise be eligible as are necessary to satisfy the minimum coverage requirements under Code section 410(b). The specific Participants who shall become eligible to share in the Employer's Matching Contribution for such Plan Year pursuant to this Paragraph (A) shall be those Participants who remain in the Employer's employ on the last day of such Plan Year and who have completed the greatest amount of service during the Plan Year. 
 
 (B) If, after the application of Paragraph (A) above, the minimum coverage requirements of Code section 410(b) are still not satisfied, then the list of Participants eligible to share in the Employer's Matching Contribution for such Plan Year shall be further expanded to include the minimum number of Participants who do not remain in the Employer's employ on the last day of the Plan Year as are necessary to satisfy such requirements. The specific Participants who shall become eligible to share in the Employer's contribution for such Plan Year pursuant to this Paragraph (B) shall be those Participants who had completed the greatest amount of service during the Plan Year before terminating their employment with the Employer. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Plan Administrator always retains the option to meet the minimum coverage requirements of Code section 410(b) by using the average benefits test of Code section 410(b)(2). 
 
 Section 4.03 EMPLOYER CONTRIBUTIONS 
 
 (a) Amount. 
 
 (1) Non-Elective Contributions. Subject to the limitations described in Article 5, the Employer shall, to the extent specified in the Adoption Agreement, make Non-Elective Contributions to the Plan on behalf of each Participant who has completed any service requirements specified in the Adoption Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant shall be 
 
 23 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 4 CONTRIBUTIONS 

eligible to receive an allocation of Non-Elective Contributions only to the extent such contributions are permitted in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 (2) Pension Contributions. Subject to the limitations described in Article 5, the Employer shall make Pension Contributions to the Plan on behalf of each Participant who has completed any service requirements specified in the Adoption Agreement (to the extent not funded by forfeitures). Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant shall be eligible to receive an allocation of Pension Contributions only to the extent such contributions are permitted in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 (b) Allocation of Employer Contributions. 
 
 (1) Allocation of Non-Elective Contributions. Non-Elective Contributions shall be allocated to the Non-Elective Contribution Accounts of each Participant eligible to share in such allocations pursuant to Subsection (a)(1) in the manner described in the Adoption Agreement. If the Adoption Agreement provides that the Plan uses an Age Weighted or New Comparability allocation formula, the minimum allocation gateway requirement must be satisfied. The minimum allocation gateway requires each eligible Nonhighly Compensated Employee to have an allocation rate that is not less than the lesser of 5 , or one-third of the allocation rate of the Highly Compensated Employee with the highest allocation rate. An allocation rate is the amount of contributions allocated to a Participant for a year, expressed as a percentage of Statutory Compensation for the 5 test or Section 414(s) Compensation for the 1 3 test. 
 
 (2) Allocation of Pension Contributions. Pension Contributions shall be allocated to the Pension Contribution Accounts of each Participant eligible to share in such allocations pursuant to Subsection (a)(2) in the manner described in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 (3) Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Plan Year this Plan is integrated and benefits any Participant who benefits under another qualified plan or simplified employee pension plan, as defined in Code section 408(k), maintained by the Employer that provides for permitted disparity (or imputes disparity), Employer contributions shall be allocated to the Non-Elective Account Pension Contribution Account of each Participant in the ratio that such Participant's total Plan Compensation bears to the total Plan Compensation of all Participants. The allocation to a Participant who exceeds his cumulative disparity limit shall be determined in accordance with applicable Treasury Regulations. The cumulative permitted disparity limit for a Participant is 35 total cumulative permitted disparity years. Total cumulative permitted disparity years means the number of years credited to the Participant for allocation or accrual purposes under this Plan or any other qualified plan or simplified employee pension plan (whether or not terminated) ever maintained by the Employer that provided for permitted disparity. For purposes of determining the Participant's cumulative permitted disparity limit, all Plan Years ending in the same calendar year are treated as the same year. If the Participant has not benefited under a defined benefit or target benefit plan for any year beginning on or after January 1, 1994, the Participant has no cumulative disparity limit. 
 
 (c) Participant. For purposes of this Section, Participant shall mean an Eligible Employee who has met the eligibility requirements of Article 3 with respect to Non-Elective Contributions or Pension Contributions, as applicable. 
 
 (d) Coverage Failures. If the application of the rules described above causes the Plan to fail to meet the minimum coverage requirements of Code section 410(b) as of the last day of the Plan Year (the Plan does not benefit a percentage of Nonhighly Compensated Employees that is at least 70 of the percentage of Highly Compensated Employees who benefit under the Plan) for any Plan Year with respect to contributions described in this Section 4.03 because such contributions have not been allocated to a sufficient number or percentage of Participants for such year, then the list of Participants eligible to share in such contributions for such year shall be expanded to include the Participants described in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 (1) If the Adoption Agreement specifies that all non-excludable Participants shall be entitled to share in such contributions for such year, then the following additional Participants shall be eligible to share in such contributions 
 
 (A) Any Participant who remains in the Employer's employ on the last day of such Plan Year and 
 
 (B) Any Participant who completes at least 501 Hours of Service during such Plan Year (whether or not he remains in the Employer's employ on the last day of such Plan Year). 
 
 24 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 4 CONTRIBUTIONS 

(2) If the Adoption Agreement specifies that just enough Participants shall be entitled to share in such contributions for such year, then the following additional Participants shall be eligible to share in such contributions 
 
 (A) The list of Participants eligible to share in such contributions for such Plan Year shall be expanded to include the minimum number of Participants who would not otherwise be eligible as are necessary to satisfy the minimum coverage requirements under Code section 410(b). The specific Participants who shall become eligible to share in such contributions for such Plan Year pursuant to this Paragraph (A) shall be those Participants who remain in the Employer's employ on the last day of such Plan Year and who have completed the greatest amount of service during the Plan Year. 
 
 (B) If, after the application of Paragraph (A) above, the minimum coverage requirements of Code section 410(b) are still not satisfied, then the list of Participants eligible to share in such contributions for such Plan Year shall be further expanded to include the minimum number of Participants who do not remain in the Employer's employ on the last day of the Plan Year as are necessary to satisfy such requirements. The specific Participants who shall become eligible to share in the Employer's contribution for such Plan Year pursuant to this Paragraph (B) shall be those Participants who had completed the greatest amount of service during the Plan Year before terminating their employment with the Employer. Individuals similarly situated will be treated the same. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Plan Administrator always retains the option to meet the minimum coverage requirements of Code section 410(b) by using the average benefits test of Code section 410(b)(2). 
 
 (e) Disability. In addition to the foregoing, if the Adoption Agreement specifies that contributions described in this Section shall be allocated to Disabled Participants, a Participant who does not meet the requirements of Subsection (a) due to Disability shall be eligible to share in such contributions (including Disabled Participants that have Terminated Employment) provided that such Disability would also constitute a disability pursuant to Code section 22(e). The Employer shall allocate the applicable contributions on behalf of each such Disabled Participant on the basis of the Plan Compensation each such Participant would have received for the Limitation Year if the Participant had been paid at the rate of Plan Compensation paid immediately before suffering a Disability. Contributions allocated to Participants suffering a Disability pursuant to this Subsection shall be fully (100 vested when made. Such allocations shall cease on the first to occur of the following 
 
 (1) the last day of the Plan Year in which occurs the anniversary specified in the Adoption Agreement of the date the Plan Administrator determines that the Participant's Disability commenced 
 
 (2) the date the Participant ceases to suffer from a Disability 
 
 (3) the date the Participant refuses to submit to a periodic examination by the Employer or its agent to determine the existence of a Disability or 
 
 (4) the date the Participant dies. 
 
 Section 4.04 SAFE HARBOR CONTRIBUTIONS AND QUALIFIED NON-ELECTIVE MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS 
 
 (a) Amount of Safe Harbor Contributions. 
 
 (1) In General. If the Adoption Agreement specifies that the Plan will satisfy the 401(k) safe harbor provisions, the Employer shall, subject to the limitations described in Article 5, make Qualified Non-Elective Contributions or Qualified Matching Contributions on behalf of each Employee who is eligible to make Elective Deferrals during the Plan Year, and meets any additional requirements provided in the Adoption Agreement to receive safe harbor contributions. In the absence of an election in the Adoption Agreement such Qualified Non-Elective Contributions shall be made on behalf of each Employee who is eligible to make Elective Deferrals during the Plan Year. Qualified Non-Elective Contributions described in this Subsection (1) shall be allocated to the Qualified Non-Elective Contribution Account of each Participant eligible to share in such allocations in the ratio that such Participant's Plan Compensation bears to the Plan Compensation of all eligible Participants. In accordance with Treas. Reg. sections 1.40l(k)-l(e)(7) and 1.40l(m)-l(c)(2), it is impermissible for the Employer to use ADP and ACP testing for a Plan Year in which it is intended for the Plan through its written terms to be a safe harbor plan and the Employer fails to satisfy the requirements of such safe harbor provisions for the Plan Year. 
 
 25 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 4 CONTRIBUTIONS 

(2) Follow-Up Notice. This Subsection shall apply if the Adoption Agreement specifies that a Qualified 
 Non-Elective Contribution described in Subsection (1) will be made to the Plan only if the Plan Sponsor provides a follow-up notice. The Plan Administrator shall provide a contingent notice each year and shall provide a follow-up notice only in the event that safe harbor contributions will be made. The contingent notice and, if applicable, the follow-up notice, shall be provided pursuant to Treas. Reg. section 1.401(k)-3(f) and any superseding guidance. If the follow-up notice is not provided, the Plan will not satisfy the 401(k) safe harbor provisions and the Plan will be subject to the nondiscrimination requirements of Section 5.02. 
 
 (b) Qualified Non-Elective Contributions. In addition to the safe harbor contributions described above, the Employer in its discretion may make additional Qualified Non-Elective Contributions for the benefit of such Participants as determined by the Employer. Qualified Non-Elective Contributions shall be (1) allocated to the Participant's Account as of a date within that year within the meaning of Treas. Reg. section 1.401(k)-2(a)(4)(i)(A) (2) nonforfeitable when allocated to a Participant's Account unless attributable to withdrawal rights under an Eligible Automatic Contribution Arrangement or Qualified Automatic Contribution Arrangement and (3) distributed only under the rules applicable for Elective Deferrals in accordance with Treas. Reg. section 1.401(k)-1(d). A Qualified Non-Elective Contribution of a Nonhighly Compensated Employee will not be taken into account in satisfying the requirements of Section 5.02 to the extent (1) it does not qualify for inclusion in the Actual Deferral Ratio (2) it is a disproportionate contribution within the meaning of Treas. Reg. sections 1.401(k)-2(a)(6)(iv) or 1.401(m)-2(a)(6)(v) and any superseding guidance or (3) the Plan uses the prior year testing method. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Qualified Non-Elective Contributions that are made in connection with an Employer's obligation to pay prevailing wages under the Davis-Bacon Act (46 Stat. 1494), Public Law 71-798, Service Contract Act of 1965 (79 Stat. 1965), Public Law 89-286, or similar legislation can be taken into account for a plan year for a Nonhighly Compensated Employee to the extent such contributions do not exceed 10 of that Nonhighly Compensated Employee's Plan Compensation. 
 
 (1) Participants Eligible to Receive Qualified Non-Elective Contributions. The Employer may determine, in its discretion whether allocations of Qualified Non-Elective Contributions shall be limited to Participants who are credited with at least a certain number of Hours of Service during the Plan Year or who remain in the Employer's employ on the last day of the Plan Year. The Employer may limit Qualified Non-Elective Contributions contributed under this Subsection to Nonhighly Compensated Employees eligible to make Elective Deferrals during the Plan Year that meet any additional requirements determined by the Employer. The Employer may also provide Qualified Non-Elective Contributions to those in any or all portions of a disaggregated plan as provided in Section 5.03. 
 
 (2) Permissible Methods of Allocation. The Employer in its discretion may make additional Qualified Non-Elective Contributions in the ratio that such Participant's Plan Compensation bears to the Plan Compensation of all eligible Participants or in one of the following manners 
 
 (A) First to the Qualified Non-Elective Contribution Account of the Participant who is a Nonhighly Compensated Employee with the lowest Plan Compensation and is eligible to share in such allocations in an amount determined by the Employer not to exceed 5 of such Participant's Plan Compensation (the Base QNEC Rate ). If any Qualified Non-Elective Contributions remain after the foregoing, the Employer may then allocate Qualified Non-Elective Contributions to other Participants who are Nonhighly Compensated Employees eligible to share in such allocations with the next lowest Plan Compensation in the amount of the Base QNEC Rate of Plan Compensation until such contributions are fully allocated to one half of eligible Nonhighly Compensated Employees within the meaning of Treas. Reg. section 1.401(k)-2(a)(6)(iv)(B) (the Base NHCEs ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Base QNEC Rate may exceed 5 provided, that the Employer contribution is sufficient to provide the Base QNEC Rate to all Base NHCEs. 
 
 (B) If any Qualified Non-Elective Contributions remain after the foregoing, the Employer may then allocate Qualified Non-Elective Contributions to the Participant who is a Nonhighly Compensated Employee with the lowest Plan Compensation and is eligible to share in such allocations in an additional amount not to exceed the Base QNEC Rate contributed pursuant to Paragraph (1) above (the Additional QNEC Rate of such Participant's Plan Compensation. The total of the Base QNEC Rate and the Additional QNEC Rate may not exceed twice the Plan's representative contribution rate as defined in Treas. Reg. section 1.401(m)-2(a)(6)(v)(B). If any Qualified Non-Elective Contributions remain after the foregoing, the Employer may then allocate Qualified Non-Elective Contributions to other Participants who are Nonhighly Compensated Employees eligible to share in such allocations with the next lowest Plan Compensation in the amount of the Additional QNEC Rate of such Participant's Plan Compensation until such contributions are fully allocated to the Base NHCEs. 
 
 26 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 4 CONTRIBUTIONS 

(C) If any Qualified Non-Elective Contributions remain after the foregoing, the Employer may then allocate Qualified Non-Elective Contributions to the Participant who is a Nonhighly Compensated Employee eligible to share in such allocations with the lowest Plan Compensation and who is not a Base NHCE in the amount equal to the sum of the Base QNEC Rate and the Additional QNEC Rate of such Participant's Plan Compensation. If any Qualified Non-Elective Contributions remain after the foregoing, the Employer may then allocate Qualified Non-Elective Contributions to other Participants who are Nonhighly Compensated Employees eligible to share in such allocations with the next lowest Plan Compensation and who are not Base NHCEs in the amount equal to the sum of the Base QNEC Rate and the Additional QNEC Rate of such Participant's Plan Compensation until such contributions are fully allocated to all eligible Nonhighly Compensated Employees who are not Base NHCEs. 
 
 (D) If any Qualified Non-Elective Contributions remain after the foregoing, the Employer may then allocate Qualified Non-Elective Contributions to Participants eligible to share in such allocations in the ratio that each Participant's Plan Compensation bears to the Plan Compensation of all eligible Participants. 
 
 (E) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Employer may instead allocate the Qualified Non-Elective Contributions as a flat dollar amount pursuant to this Subsection (2). The Employer may first allocate a flat dollar amount determined by the Employer (the Base QNEC Dollar Amount to the Qualified Non-Elective Contribution Account of the Participant who is a Nonhighly Compensated Employee with the lowest Plan Compensation and is eligible to share in such allocations. If any Qualified Non-Elective Contributions remain after the foregoing, the Employer may then allocate Qualified Non-Elective Contributions to other Participants who are Nonhighly Compensated Employees eligible to share in such allocations with the next lowest Plan Compensation in the amount of the Base QNEC Dollar Amount until such contributions are fully allocated to the eligible Nonhighly Compensated Employees. Such Qualified Non-Elective Contributions may be used to satisfy the provisions of Section 5.02 to the extent not considered disproportionate under Subsection 5.03(f) below. 
 
 (c) Qualified Matching Contributions. The Employer in its discretion may make Matching Contributions designated as Qualified Matching Contributions for the benefit of such Participants and in such manner determined at the discretion of the Employer. The Employer may determine, in its discretion whether allocations of Qualified Matching Contributions shall be limited to Participants who are credited with at least a certain number of Hours of Service during the Plan Year or who remain in the Employer's employ on the last day of the Plan Year. Such Qualified Matching Contributions shall be nonforfeitable when allocated to a Participant's Account unless attributable to withdrawal rights under an Eligible Automatic Contribution Arrangement or Qualified Automatic Contribution Arrangement and may only be distributed upon the Participant's (1) attainment of age 59-1 2 or (2) severance from employment, death, or Disability. 
 
 (d) Safe Harbor Contributions Made to Another Plan. The Employer may elect to make safe harbor contributions required under this Plan to another plan which (1) has the same Plan Year as this plan, (2) applies all of the safe harbor requirements to any safe harbor contributions originating from this plan, and (3) applies eligibility conditions such that any eligible employee under this plan is eligible to receive the safe harbor contribution in the recipient plan. Safe harbor contributions made to another plan may be used to satisfy the safe harbor contributions with respect to only one plan. 
 
 (e) In addition, the Employer may, in its discretion, make Qualified Non-Elective Contributions or Qualified Matching Contributions for a Plan Year that shall be allocated in the manner prescribed by the Employer to correct any operational or demographic failure pursuant to any correction program or policy established by the Internal Revenue Service or the Department of Labor. 
 
 Section 4.05 PREVAILING WAGE CONTRIBUTIONS 
 
 (a) General. If the Adoption Agreement specifies, the Employer will make prevailing wage contributions to the Plan on behalf of each Participant who performs an hour or more of service under a contract subject to the Davis-Bacon Act. 
 
 (b) Amount. The Plan Administrator may elect in the Adoption Agreement to determine the prevailing wage contribution based on 1) the applicable federal, state, or municipal prevailing wage laws, or 2) contribution rates set forth in an Addendum to the Adoption Agreement. If the Plan Administrator sets its own prevailing wage contribution rate(s) for the Plan, the total prevailing wage benefits determined under federal, state, or municipal law are still owed to affected participants any benefit not contributed to the Plan must be provided to the Participant in another manner. Where the Plan Administrator elects to set its 
 
 27 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 4 CONTRIBUTIONS 

own hourly rates in an Addendum to the Adoption Agreement, the Plan Administrator retains the discretion to make a prevailing wage contribution to the Plan that is based on applicable federal, state, or municipal rates where those rates dictate a larger mandatory benefit than the rates set in an Addendum to the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 (c) Default Provisions. Unless otherwise elected in the Adoption Agreement, the following default provisions apply 
 
 (1) Only Nonhighly Compensated Employees shall be eligible to receive prevailing wage contributions. 
 
 (2) There shall be no age or service eligibility requirements for purposes of determining an Employee's eligibility for prevailing wage contributions. 
 
 (3) Allocation Conditions. There shall be no hours of service or last day requirement(s) applied to receipt of prevailing wage contributions. 
 
 (4) All prevailing wage contributions shall be 100 vested. 
 
 If the Plan Administrator uses the Adoption Agreement to modify any of the above default provisions, the Plan Administrator may not be entitled to full credit for the prevailing wage contribution. The applicable prevailing wage law should be consulted to fully understand the implications of any modification. 
 
 (d) Offset. If the Plan Administrator elects in the Adoption Agreement, prevailing wage contributions made to the Plan to satisfy prevailing wage requirements under federal, state, or municipal law can be used to offset Employer Contributions. Prevailing wage contributions used to offset Employer Contributions will be subject to any restriction on distribution otherwise applicable to the Employer contribution type which was offset. 
 
 Section 4.06 ROLLOVER CONTRIBUTIONS 
 
 (a) To the extent provided in the Adoption Agreement, the Plan Administrator may direct the Trustee to accept Rollover Contributions made in cash or other form acceptable to the Trustee. Rollover Contributions shall be allocated to the Participant's Eligible Employee's (to the extent elected in the Adoption Agreement) Rollover Contribution Account. The Plan may accept the following Rollover Contributions to the extent allowed by the Plan Administrator in its sole discretion 
 
 (1) A rollover from a plan qualified under Code section 401(a) or 403(a) if the contribution qualifies as a tax-free rollover as defined in Code section 402(c). If it is later determined that the amount received does not qualify as a tax-free rollover, the amount shall be refunded to the Eligible Employee. 
 
 (2) A rollover from a Conduit Individual Retirement Account , as determined in accordance with procedures established by the Plan Administrator and only if the contribution qualifies as a tax-free rollover as defined in Code section 402(c). If it is later determined that the amount received does not qualify as a tax-free rollover, the amount shall be refunded to the Eligible Employee. 
 
 (3) A direct rollover of an eligible rollover distribution of after-tax employee contributions from a qualified plan described in Code section 401(a) or 403(a). The Plan shall separately account for amounts so transferred, including separately accounting for the portion of such contribution which is includible in gross income and the portion of such contribution which is not so includible. 
 
 (4) Any rollover of an eligible rollover distribution from an annuity contract described in Code section 403(b). The Plan shall separately account for after-tax amounts so transferred, including separately accounting for the portion of such contribution which is includible in gross income and the portion of such contribution which is not so includible. 
 
 (5) Any rollover of an eligible rollover distribution from an eligible plan under Code section 457(b) which is maintained by a state, political subdivision of a state, or any agency or instrumentality of a state or political subdivision of a state. 
 
 28 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 4 CONTRIBUTIONS 

(6) Any rollover contribution of the portion of a distribution from an individual retirement account or annuity described in Code sections 408(a) or 408(b) that is eligible to be rolled over and would otherwise be includible in gross income. 
 
 (7) If the Plan permits Roth Elective Deferrals, the Plan may accept a Rollover Contribution to a Roth Elective Deferral Account only if it is a direct rollover from another Roth elective deferral account under an applicable retirement plan described in Code section 402A(e)(1) and only to the extent the rollover is permitted under the rules of Code section 402(c). 
 
 (8) Any additional rollover contribution as may be permitted by applicable law. 
 
 (b) Self Direction. Unless otherwise restricted in the Adoption Agreement, if a Participant is permitted to self-direct the investment of his or her Rollover Contribution Account, a Participant may elect to invest in qualifying employer securities or qualifying employer real property with such Account. 
 
 (c) In-Plan Roth Rollovers. To the extent provided in the Adoption Agreement and to the extent permitted by Code section 402A(c), Notice 2010-84 and any superseding guidance, a distribution from the Plan other than from a designated Roth Account that is an eligible rollover distribution (as defined in Code section 408A(e)) may be rolled over to a designated Roth Account maintained under this Plan for the benefit of the individual to whom the distribution is made. The Plan will maintain such records as are necessary for the proper reporting of In-Plan Roth Rollovers. A Participant is required to include the taxable amount of an In-Plan Roth Rollover in their gross income. The taxable amount of the In-Plan Roth Rollover is deemed to be the fair market value of the distribution less any basis in the amounts rolled over. If the In-Plan Roth Rollover includes employer securities, the fair market value of the transaction shall include any net unrealized appreciation within the meaning of Code section 402(e)(4). If In-Plan Roth Rollovers are permitted for all distributions permitted under the Code and to the extent provided in the Adoption Agreement, 
 In-Plan Roth Rollovers are permitted at the following times 
 
 (1) Upon the attainment of the age specified in the Adoption Agreement except Elective Deferrals, Qualified Non-Elective Contributions, Qualified Matching Contributions and the portion of any Account that has been used to satisfy the safe harbor requirements of Code sections 401(k)(12) or 401(k)(13) or 401(m)(11) or 401(m)(12) shall not be eligible for withdrawal until the Participant attains age 59-1 2. 
 
 (2) After-tax, Rollover and Voluntary Accounts can be converted to an In-Plan Roth Rollover Account at any 
 time. 
 
 (3) From a Participant's Matching Contribution Account or Non-Elective Contribution Account after 5 years of Participation. In-service withdrawals are allowed from a Participant's Matching Contribution Account or Non-Elective Contribution Account on funds held for at least 2 years. Withdrawals after 5 years of Participation or 2 years of accumulation are only permitted from the Matching Contribution Account to the extent such Account has not been used to satisfy the requirements of Code sections 401(k)(12) or 401(k)(13) or 401(m)(11) or 401(m)(12) or to the extent such contributions has not been treated as Qualified Matching Contributions. 
 
 (4) Immediately after Termination of Employment. 
 
 (d) In-Plan Roth Transfers. To the extent provided in the Adoption Agreement, the Plan shall allow Participants to elect to transfer any amount not otherwise distributable under the Plan to a designated Roth Elective Deferral Account (or sub-Account) maintained for the Participant within the Plan. The Plan shall not be treated as violating the provisions of Code section 401(k)(2)(B)(i) solely by reason of such transfer. Amounts transferred will retain the restrictions on distribution the account had before such transfer. 
 
 (e) Plan Administrator Procedures. The Plan Administrator may establish uniform procedures that include, but are not limited to, prescribing limitations on the frequency and minimum amount of rollovers provided, that no procedures involving minimum amounts shall prescribe a minimum withdrawal greater than 1,000. 
 
 Section 4.07 TRANSFERS 
 
 29 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 4 CONTRIBUTIONS 

The Trustee may be directed to accept a direct transfer of assets, made without the consent of the affected Employees, from the trustee of any other qualified plan described in Code section 401(a) to the extent permitted by the Code and the regulations and rulings thereunder. In the event assets are transferred to the Plan pursuant to the foregoing sentence, the transferred assets shall be accounted for separately in the Transfer Account of the affected Employees to the extent necessary to preserve a more favorable vesting schedule or any other legally-protected benefits available to such Employees under the transferor plan. The Plan Administrator shall establish a vesting schedule for the Transfer Account provided that such schedule is not less favorable than the vesting schedule under the transferor plan. 
 
 Section 4.08 MILITARY SERVICE 
 
 (a) In General. Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan to the contrary, contributions, benefits and service credit with respect to Qualified Military Service shall be provided in accordance with Code section 414(u). 
 
 (b) Death or Disability During Qualified Military Service. To the extent provided in the Adoption Agreement, pursuant to Code section 414(u)(9), IRS Notice 2010-15 and any superseding guidance a Participant who dies or becomes Disabled while performing Qualified Military Service will be treated as if he had been employed by the Employer on the day preceding death or Disability and terminated employment on the day of death or Disability and receive benefit accruals related to the period of Qualified Military Service as provided under Code section 414(u)(8), except as provided below 
 
 (1) All Participants eligible for benefits under the Plan by reason of this Section shall be provided benefits on reasonably equivalent terms. 
 
 (2) For the purposes of applying Code section 414(u)(8)(C), a Participant's Elective Deferrals shall be determined based on the Participant's average actual contributions for 
 
 (A) the 12-month period of service with the Employer immediately prior to Qualified Military 
 Service, or 
 
 (B) if service with the Employer is less than such 12-month period, the actual length of continuous service with the Employer. 
 
 Section 4.09 TIMING OF CONTRIBUTIONS 
 
 Amounts contributed to the Plan with funds provided by Participants will be remitted to the Trustee as soon as practicable, and in accordance with DOL regulations and any other applicable guidance. 
 
 Section 4.10 ARRANGEMENTS ADOPTED BY MORE THAN ONE EMPLOYER 
 
 In General. This Section applies to arrangements adopted by two or more employers that are not aggregated under Code sections 414(b), (c), (m), or (o). Other employers that are not aggregated with the Employer under Code sections 414(b), (c), (m), or 
 (o) may participate in the Plan as described below as a multiple employer plan within the meaning of ERISA section 3(2) and Code section 413(c) Multiple Employer Plan ). 
 
 (a) Method of Adoption. The Plan Sponsor shall execute a Master Adoption Agreement and each Adopting Entity shall execute a joinder participation agreement which contains only those Adoption Agreement provisions, if any, which may be overridden by an entity other than the Plan Sponsor. The execution of the joinder participation agreement by an Adopting Entity shall constitute the adoption of the same plan as the Plan Sponsor and not the adoption of a separate plan for the Adopting Entity. An Adopting Entity may amend its joinder participation agreement at any time with the approval of the Plan Sponsor. However, an Adopting Entity may not modify the definition of Plan Administrator, Limitation Year or Plan Sponsor. The Plan Sponsor and all Adopting Entities acknowledge that the Plan is a Multiple Employer Plan subject to the rules of Code section 413(c) and the regulations thereunder which are herein incorporated by reference. The Plan Sponsor and all Adopting Entities also acknowledge the specific annual reporting requirements, and different procedures for obtaining determination letters from the Internal Revenue Service regarding the qualified status of the Plan. 
 
 30 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 4 CONTRIBUTIONS 

(b) Definitions. The following terms are modified as used in the Plan 
 
 (1) Adopting Entity means an entity who executes a joinder participation agreement. 
 
 (2) Adoption Agreement means the Adoption Agreement for the Plan Sponsor. For any Adopting Entity, Adoption Agreement means the Adoption Agreement as amended in that entity's joinder participation agreement (as provided in Section 4.10(a)). 
 
 (3) Plan Sponsor means the executor of the Master Adoption Agreement described in Section 4.10(a). 
 
 (c) Application of Code section 413(c). The provisions of Code section 413(c) shall apply to the Plan and this Section shall be interpreted consistent with Code section 413(c) and any applicable guidance. 
 
 (1) Eligibility Service. Code section 410(a) shall be applied as if all Employees of each Employer who maintains the Plan were employed by a single Employer. An Employee who transfers employment between Adopting Entities or the Plan Sponsor shall not be considered to have a Termination of Employment. 
 
 (2) Exclusive Benefit. For purposes of Code section 401(a), in determining whether the Plan of an Employer is for the exclusive benefit of its Employees and their Beneficiaries all Participants shall be considered to be its Employees. 
 
 (3) Vesting. Code section 411 shall be applied as if all Employers who maintain the Plan constituted a single Employer, except that the application of any rules with respect to breaks in service shall be made under regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Labor. 
 
 (4) Funding. To the extent the Plan is subject to Code section 412, the provisions of Code sections 413(c)(4) and 413(c)(5) shall apply. 
 
 (d) Other Rules. 
 
 (1) Contributions and forfeitures arising hereunder must be restricted to Participants who are employed by the entity under which the forfeitures arose. 
 
 (2) Each Employer will separately determine Actual Contribution and Actual Deferral Ratios, the minimum coverage requirements of Code section 410(b) and Code section 401(a)(4) testing as provided in Treas. Reg. section 1.413-2(a)(3)(ii). 
 
 (3) Top-Heavy. Article 11 applies separately to each Employer as provided in Treas. Reg. section 1.416-1, Q&A 
 G-2. 
 
 (4) Maximum Annual Additions. Except as provided in Treas. Reg. section 1.415(f)-1(g)(2)(i) (regarding aggregation of multiemployer plans with plans other than multiemployer plans), for purposes of applying Section 5.05, Annual Additions attributable to a Participant from all of the Employers maintaining the Plan must be taken into account. Furthermore, in applying the limitations of Section 5.05 with respect to a Participant, the total Statutory Compensation received by the Participant from all of the Employers maintaining the Plan is taken into account under the Plan, unless Treas. Reg. section 1.415-1(e) and any superseding guidance specifies otherwise. 
 
 (5) For purposes of determining a Participant's Required Beginning Date under Section 7.05, a Participant may be considered a More Than 5 Owner with one Employer and not a More Than 5 Owner with another Employer. 
 
 (e) No Modification to Pre-Approved Language. The execution of a joinder participation agreement shall not be considered a modification to the IRS pre-approved language of the Plan. 
 
 (f) Cessation of Participation. Plan participation of an Adopting Entity may be ended by the Plan Administrator or by the Adopting Entity itself. Cessation of participation will be treated in accordance with Code Section 414(l). 
 
 31 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 4 CONTRIBUTIONS 

(1) Cessation by the Plan Administrator. In the event that the Plan Administrator ends the Adopting Entity's participation in the Plan, the Plan Administrator will direct that Plan assets attributable to employees of the terminating Adopting Entity be transferred to a defined contribution plan maintained by the terminating Adopting Entity. If the terminating Adopting Entity does not maintain a separate plan which can receive assets, or refuses to set-up such a plan, the Plan Administrator may establish a plan for the terminating Adopting Entity and may direct that Plan assets attributable to employees of the terminating employer be transferred to the plan. Distribution of employee assets will not be made available as a result of the cessation of plan participation. 
 
 (2) Withdrawal by the Adopting Entity. In the event that the Adopting Entity withdraws from Plan participation, the Plan Administrator will direct that Plan assets attributable to employees of the terminating employer be transferred to another plan sponsored by the terminating Adopting Entity which is eligible to receive a transfer of assets. Distribution of employee assets will not be made available as a result of the withdrawal by an Adopting Entity. 
 
 (g) Fiduciary Act to Join the Plan. By executing a joinder participation agreement, each Adopting Entity, acting as a fiduciary with respect to its current and future Employees, thereby ratifies and confirms the appointment of all parties to the Plan and all action taken to establish and maintain the Plan. The term parties to the Plan in the preceding sentence shall include, but not be limited to, the Plan Administrator, Trustee and Investment Fiduciary. 
 
 (h) Each Adopting Entity shall be jointly and severally liable for Plan expenses. 
 
 (i) Each Adopting Entity shall indemnify and hold harmless the Plan Administrator (and their delegates), any other Adopting Entities, any person serving as the Trustee or Investment Fiduciary from all claims, liabilities, losses, damages and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses for its failure to operate in accordance with the Plan or any intentional or negligent act or omission with respect to the Plan including but not limited to failure of oversight and or appointment. The Plan Administrator may in its discretion utilize any IRS or DOL correction program and any fees or costs associated with such program are the responsibility of the offending Adopting Entity. 
 
 Section 4.11 SIMPLE 401(K) PROVISIONS 
 
 (a) This Section 4.11 shall apply only if the Adoption Agreement provides that this is a SIMPLE 401(k) Plan. Rules of Application 
 
 (1) The provisions of this Section 4.11 shall apply for a year only if 
 
 (A) The Employer is an eligible employer and 
 
 (B) No contributions are made, or benefits accrued, for services during the year, on behalf of any Eligible Employee under any other plan, contract, pension, or trust described in Code section 219(g)(5)(A) or (B), maintained by the Employer. 
 
 (2) To the extent that any other provision of the Plan is inconsistent with the provisions of this Section, the provisions of this Section govern. 
 
 (b) Definitions. 
 
 (1) Compensation means, for purposes of Subsections (b)(2), (c)(1) and (c)(2) of this Section, the sum of the wages, tips, and other compensation from the Employer subject to federal income tax withholding (as described in Code section 6051(a)(3)) and the Employee's salary reduction contributions made under this or any other Code section 401(k) plan, and, if applicable, elective deferrals under a Code section 408(p) SIMPLE IRA Plan, a SARSEP, or a Code section 403(b) annuity contract, compensation deferred under a Code section 457 plan required to be reported by the Employer on Form W-2 (as described in Code section 6051(a)(8)). Compensation also includes amounts paid for domestic service (as described in Code section 3401(a)(3)). For Self-Employed Individuals, Compensation means net earnings from self-employment determined under Code section 1402(a) prior to subtracting any contributions made under this Plan on behalf of the individual. The provisions of the Plan implementing the limit on Compensation under Code section 401(a)(17) apply to the Compensation under Subsection (c). 
 
 32 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 4 CONTRIBUTIONS 

(2) An eligible employer means, with respect to any year, an Employer that had no more than 100 Employees who received at least the amount of Compensation from the Employer specified in the Adoption Agreement for the preceding year. In applying the preceding sentence, all Employees of controlled groups of corporations under Code section 414(b), all Employees of trades or businesses (whether incorporated or not) under common control under Code section 414(c), all Employees of affiliated service groups under Code section 414(m), and leased employees required to be treated as the Employer's Employees under Code section 414(n), are taken into account. An eligible employer that elects to have this Section 4.11 apply to the Plan and that fails to be an eligible employer for any subsequent year, is treated as an eligible employer for the two (2) years following the last year the Employer was an eligible employer. If the failure is due to any acquisition, disposition, or similar transaction involving an eligible employer, the preceding sentence applies only if the provisions of Code section 410(b)(6)(C)(i) are satisfied. 
 
 (3) Eligible Employee means, for purposes of this Section 4.11, any Employee who is entitled to make Elective Deferrals under the terms of the Plan. 
 
 (4) Year means the calendar year. 
 
 (c) Contributions. 
 
 (1) Salary Reduction Contributions. 
 
 (A) Each Eligible Employee may make a salary reduction election to have his or her Compensation reduced for the year in any amount selected by the Employee subject to the limitation in Subsection (c)(1)(B). The Employer will make a salary reduction contribution to the Plan, as an Elective Deferral, in the amount by which the Employee's Compensation has been reduced. 
 
 (B) The total salary reduction contribution for any Employee cannot exceed the limitation on salary reduction contributions in effect for the year. The limitation on salary reduction contributions was 10,000 for 2005. After 2005, the 
 10,000 limit is adjusted by the Secretary of the Treasury for cost-of-living increases under Code section 408(p)(2)(E). Any such adjustments will be in multiples of 500. The amount of an Employee's salary reduction contributions permitted for a year is increased for Employees aged 50 or over by the end of the Year by the amount of allowable Catch-up Contributions. Allowable Catch-up Contributions was 2,500 for 2006. After 2006, the 2,500 limit is adjusted by the Secretary of the Treasury for 
 cost-of-living increases under Code section 414(v)(2)(C). Any such adjustments will be in multiples of 500. Catch-up contributions are otherwise treated the same as other salary reduction contributions. 
 
 (2) Other Contributions. 
 
 (A) Matching Contributions. Each year, the Employer will contribute a Matching Contribution to the Plan on behalf of each Employee who makes a salary reduction election under Subsection (c)(1). The amount of the Matching Contribution will be equal to the Employee's salary reduction contribution up to a limit of 3 of the Employee's Compensation for the full year. 
 
 (B) Non-Elective Contributions. For any year, instead of a Matching Contribution, the Employer may elect to contribute a Non-Elective Contribution of 2 of Compensation for the full year for each Eligible Employee who received at least the amount of Compensation from the Employer specified in the Adoption Agreement for the year. 
 
 (3) Limitation on Other Contributions. No Employer or Employee contributions may be made to this Plan for the year other than salary reduction contributions described in Subsection (c)(1), Matching or Non-Elective Contributions described in Subsection (c)(2) and Rollover Contributions described in Treas. Reg. section 1.402(c)-2, Q&A-1(a). 
 
 (4) The provisions of the Plan implementing the limitations of Code section 415 apply to contributions made pursuant to Subsections (c)(1) (other than Catch-up Contributions) and (c)(2). 
 
 (d) Election and Notice Requirements. 
 
 33 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 4 CONTRIBUTIONS 

(1) Election Period. 
 
 (A) In addition to any other election periods provided under the Plan, each Eligible Employee may make or modify a salary reduction election during the 60-day period immediately preceding each January 1. 
 
 (B) For the year an Employee becomes eligible to make salary reduction contributions under this Section 4.11, the 60-day election period requirement of Subsection (d)(1)(A) is deemed satisfied if the Employee may make or modify a salary reduction election during a 60-day period that includes either the date the Employee becomes eligible or the day before. 
 
 (C) Each Employee may terminate a salary reduction election at any time during the year. 
 
 (2) Notice requirements. 
 
 (A) The Employer will notify each Eligible Employee prior to the 60-day election period described in Subsection (d)(1) that he or she can make a salary reduction election or modify a prior election during that period. 
 
 (B) The notification described in Subsection (d)(2)(A) will indicate whether the Employer will provide a 3 Matching Contribution described in Subsection (c)(2)(A) or a 2- Non-Elective Contribution described in Subsection (c)(2)(B). 
 
 (e) Vesting Requirements. All benefits attributable to contributions described in Subsections (c)(1) and (c)(2) are nonforfeitable at all times, and all previous contributions made under the Plan are nonforfeitable as of the beginning of the year the Section 4.11 provisions apply. 
 
 (f) Top-Heavy Rules. The Plan is not treated as a Top-Heavy plan under Code section 416 for any year for which this Section 4.11 applies. 
 
 (g) Nondiscrimination tests. The ADP and ACP tests described in section 5.02 of the Plan are treated as satisfied for any year for which this Section 4.11 applies. 
 
 Section 4.12 DEEMED IRAs 
 
 (a) Applicability. This Section 4.12 shall apply only if the Adoption Agreement provides that Deemed IRAs are permitted. The Plan Administrator may permit a Participant to make Employee contributions to a traditional IRA established under Code section 408 or a Roth IRA established under Code section 408A. The Plan shall establish a separate Account or annuity for the designated IRA contributions of each Participant and any earnings properly allocable to the contributions, and maintain separate recordkeeping with respect to each such IRA. 
 
 (b) Reporting Duties. The Plan Administrator shall cause the trustee of a trust established pursuant to Subsection (d) or annuity contract issuer to comply with the reporting requirements of Code section 408(i) with respect to all IRAs that are established and maintained under the Plan. 
 
 (c) Voluntary Employee Contributions. For purposes of this Section, a voluntary Employee contribution means any contribution (other than a mandatory contribution within the meaning of Code section 411(c)(2)) that is made by the Participant and which the Participant has designated, at or prior to the time of making the contribution, as a contribution to which this Section applies. 
 
 (d) IRAs established pursuant to this Section shall be held in a trust or an annuity separate from the Trust established under the Plan to hold contributions other than deemed IRA contributions and shall satisfy the applicable requirements of Code sections 408 and 408A. 
 34 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 5 LIMITATIONS ON CONTRIBUTIONS 

ARTICLE 5 LIMITATIONS ON CONTRIBUTIONS 

Section 5.01 ANNUAL LIMITATION ON ELECTIVE DEFERRALS 
 
 (a) Amount. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, elective deferrals made under this Plan, or any other qualified plan maintained by the Employer may not exceed, during any taxable year, the dollar limitation contained in Code section 402(g) in effect at the beginning of such taxable year. For purposes of this Section 5.01, elective deferrals shall mean qualified cash or deferred arrangements described in Code section 401(k), any salary reduction simplified employee pension plan described in Code section 408(k)(6), any SIMPLE IRA plan described in Code section 408(p) and any plan described under Code section 501(c)(18), and any Employer contributions made on the behalf of a Participant for the purchase of an annuity contract under Code section 403(b) pursuant to a salary reduction agreement. 
 
 (b) Refund of Excess Elective Deferrals. In the event that Elective Deferrals under this Plan when added to a Participant's other elective deferrals under any other plan or arrangement (whether or not maintained by the Employer) exceed the limit described in the preceding Subsection, the Plan Administrator shall distribute, by April 15 of the following calendar year, the excess amount of Elective Deferrals adjusted for income loss thereon. The Plan Administrator may use any reasonable method for computing the income allocable to Excess Elective Deferrals, provided that the method does not violate Code section 401(a)(4), is used consistently for all Participants and for all corrective distributions under the Plan for the Plan Year, and is used by the Plan for allocating income to Participant's Accounts. The Plan will not fail to use a reasonable method for computing the income allocable to Excess Elective Deferrals merely because the income allocable to Excess Elective Deferrals is determined on a date that is no more than 7 days before the actual distribution. In addition, the Plan Administrator may allocate income in any manner permitted under Treas. Reg. section 1.401(k)-2(b)(2)(iv). Unless a Participant otherwise specifies, a distribution of Excess Elective Deferrals for a year shall be made first from the Participant's pre-tax Elective Deferral account, to the extent such deferrals were made for the year. 
 
 A Participant's claim that the excess was caused by elective deferrals made under a plan or arrangement not maintained by the Employer shall be made in writing and shall be submitted to the Plan Administrator no later than the date specified by the Plan Administrator following the calendar year in which such deferrals occurred. For purposes of determining the necessary reduction, Elective Deferrals previously distributed or recharacterized pursuant to Section 5.04 or returned to the Participant pursuant to Section 5.04 shall be treated as distributed under this Section 5.01. If the Plan permits Roth Elective Deferrals, the Plan Administrator shall determine the ordering rule for refunds of Excess Elective Deferrals. Such ordering rule may provide that the Participant may elect to have refunds made either from his Pre-tax Elective Deferrals or Roth Elective Deferrals or any combination thereof. 
 
 (c) Forfeiture of Matching Contributions Related to Excess Elective Deferrals. In the event a Participant receives a distribution of Excess Elective Deferrals pursuant to Subsection (b), the Participant shall forfeit any Matching Contributions allocated to the Participant by reason of the distributed Elective Deferrals to the extent that additional Matching Contributions are not made pursuant to Treas. Reg. section 1.401(a)(4)-11(g)(3)(vii)(B). Elective Deferrals not taken into account in determining Matching Contributions under Section 4.02 shall be treated as being reduced first. Amounts forfeited shall be used pursuant to Section 6.03(d). 
 
 (d) Catch-up Contributions. Unless otherwise elected in the Adoption Agreement, all Participants who are eligible to make Elective Deferrals under this Plan shall be eligible to make Catch-up Contributions in accordance with, and subject to the limitations of, Code section 414(v). Catch-up Contributions are Elective Deferrals made to the Plan that are in excess of an otherwise applicable Plan limit and that are made by Participants who are aged 50 or over by the end of their taxable years. An otherwise applicable Plan limit is a limit in the Plan that applies to Elective Deferrals without regard to Catch-up Contributions, such as the limits on Annual Additions, the dollar limitation on Elective Deferrals under Code section 402(g) (not counting Catch-up Contributions) and the limit imposed by the ADP test under Code section 401(k)(3). Catch-up Contributions for a Participant for a taxable year may not exceed the dollar limit on Catch-up Contributions under Code section 414(v)(2)(B)(i) for the taxable year as adjusted for cost-of-living increases. Catch-up Contributions are not subject to the limits on Annual Additions, are not counted in the ADP test and are not counted in determining the minimum allocation under Code section 416 (but Catch-up Contributions made in prior years are counted in determining whether the Plan is Top-Heavy). 
 
 Section 5.02 NONDISCRIMINATION 
 
 35 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 5 LIMITATIONS ON CONTRIBUTIONS 

(a) Elective Deferrals. If the Adoption Agreement specifies that the Plan is a safe harbor 401(k) plan, the Plan shall comply with the Safe Harbor Notice requirements as described in Article 2 and the Plan shall be deemed to meet the requirements of this Subsection 5.02(a) with respect to Elective Deferrals. However, if the Adoption Agreement does not specify that the Plan is a safe harbor 401(k) plan, the Plan is not deemed to meet the requirements of this Subsection 5.02(a) and the Plan must meet one of the following two tests with respect to Elective Deferrals for any Plan Year 
 
 (1) The Average Deferral Percentage for Participants who are Highly Compensated Employees for the Plan Year shall not exceed the prior Plan Year's Average Deferral Percentage for Participants who were Nonhighly Compensated Employees for the prior Plan Year multiplied by 1.25 or 
 
 (2) The Average Deferral Percentage for Participants who are Highly Compensated Employees for the Plan Year shall not exceed the prior Plan Year's Average Deferral Percentage for Participants who were Nonhighly Compensated Employees for the prior Plan Year multiplied by 2.0 provided that the Average Deferral Percentage for Participants who are Highly Compensated Employees does not exceed the prior Plan Year's Average Deferral Percentage for Participants who were Nonhighly Compensated Employees for the prior Plan Year by more than two percentage points or such lesser amount as the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe. 
 
 To the extent specified in the Adoption Agreement or, if the Adoption Agreement specifies that the Plan is a safe harbor 401(k) plan (and ADP testing is required pursuant to Section 5.03(g)), the Average Deferral Percentage test specified in Subsections (1) and (2), above, will be applied by comparing the current Plan Year's Average Deferral Percentage for Participants who are Highly Compensated Employees with the current Plan Year's Average Deferral Percentage for Participants who are Nonhighly Compensated Employees. The Employer must issue a supplemental notice if the Plan suspends safe harbor contributions and changes to a current year ADP testing method in accordance with Treas. Reg. section 1.401(k)-3(d), (f) and (g). 
 
 The Employer may elect prior year testing for purposes of this Subsection 5.02(a) for a Plan Year only if the Plan has used current year testing for purposes of this Subsection 5.02(a) for each of the preceding 5 Plan Years (or if lesser, the number of Plan Years the Plan has been in existence) or if, as a result of a merger or acquisition described in Code section 410(b)(6)(C)(i), the Employer maintains both a plan using prior year testing and a plan using current year testing and the change is made within the transition period described in Code section 410(b)(6)(C)(ii). 
 
 If the Adoption Agreement provides that testing will be performed using the prior year data, for the first Plan Year the Plan permits any Participant to make Elective Deferrals and this Plan is not a successor Plan, the prior Plan Year's Average Deferral Percentage for Participants who are Nonhighly Compensated Employees shall be specified in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 If, for the applicable year for determining the ratios of the Nonhighly Compensated Employees for a Plan Year, there are no eligible Nonhighly Compensated Employees (i.e., all of the Eligible Employees under the cash or deferred arrangement for the applicable year are Highly Compensated Employees), the tests described in this Subsection (a) are deemed to be satisfied for the Plan Year. 
 
 (b) Matching Contributions and Voluntary Contributions. If the Adoption Agreement specifies that the Plan is a safe harbor 401(k) plan with respect to the ACP safe harbor of Code section 401(m)(11) or 401(m)(12), the Plan shall comply with the Safe Harbor Notice requirements as described in Article 2 and the Plan shall be deemed to meet the requirements of this Subsection 5.02(b) with respect to Matching Contributions and the Plan shall meet one of the following two tests with respect to Voluntary Contributions. However, if the Adoption Agreement does not specify that the Plan is a safe harbor 401(k) plan with respect to the ACP safe harbor of Code section 401(m)(11) or 401(m)(12), the Plan is not deemed to meet the requirements of this Subsection 5.02(b) and the Plan must meet one of the following two tests with respect to Matching Contributions and Voluntary Contributions for any Plan Year 
 
 (1) The Average Contribution Percentage for Participants who are Highly Compensated Employees for the Plan Year shall not exceed the prior Plan Year's Average Contribution Percentage for Participants who were Nonhighly Compensated Employees for the prior Plan Year multiplied by 1.25 or 
 
 36 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 5 LIMITATIONS ON CONTRIBUTIONS 

(2) The Average Contribution Percentage for Participants who are Highly Compensated Employees for the Plan Year shall not exceed the prior Plan Year's Average Contribution Percentage for Participants who were Nonhighly Compensated Employees for the prior Plan Year multiplied by 2.0 provided that the Average Contribution Percentage for Participants who are Highly Compensated Employees does not exceed the prior Plan Year's Average Contribution Percentage for Participants who were Nonhighly Compensated Employees for the Prior Plan Year by more than two percentage points or such lesser amount as the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe. 
 
 To the extent specified in the Adoption Agreement or. if the Adoption Agreement specifies that the Plan is a safe harbor 401(k) plan with respect to the ACP safe harbor of Code section 401(m)(11) or 401(m)(12) (and ACP testing is required pursuant to Section 5.03(g)), the Average Contribution Percentage test in Subsection (1) and (2), above, will be applied by comparing the current Plan Year's Average Contribution Percentage for Participants who are Highly Compensated Employees for each Plan Year with the current Plan Year's Average Contribution Percentage for Participants who are Nonhighly Compensated Employees. The Employer must issue a supplemental notice if the Plan suspends safe harbor contributions and changes to a current year ADP (and ACP) testing method in accordance with 1.401(k)-3(d), (f) and (g). 
 
 The Employer may elect prior year testing for purposes of this Subsection 5.02(b) for a Plan Year only if the Plan has used current year testing for purposes of this Subsection 5.02(b) for each of the preceding 5 Plan Years (or if lesser, the number of Plan Years the Plan has been in existence) or if, as a result of a merger or acquisition described in Code section 410(b)(6)(C)(i), the Employer maintains both a plan using prior year testing and a plan using current year testing and the change is made within the transition period described in Code section 410(b)(6)(C)(ii). 
 
 If the Adoption Agreement provides that testing will be performed using the prior year data, for the first Plan Year the Plan permits any Participant to make Elective Deferrals or make contributions subject to this Section 5.02(b) and this Plan is not a successor Plan, the prior Plan Year's Average Contribution Percentage for Participants who are Nonhighly Compensated Employees shall be specified in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 If, for the applicable year there are no eligible Nonhighly Compensated Employees (i.e., all of the Eligible Employees under the cash or deferred arrangement for the applicable year are Highly Compensated Employees), the tests described in this Subsection (b) are deemed to be satisfied for the Plan Year. The Plan shall also be deemed to meet the requirements of this Subsection 5.02(b) with respect to Matching Contributions and Voluntary Contributions under a collectively bargained plan (or the portion of a plan) that automatically satisfies Code section 410(b). 
 
 (c) Safe Harbor Plans. Pursuant to Treas. Reg. sections 1.401(k)-1(e)(7) and 1.401(m)-1(c)(2), the Plan may not use the nondiscrimination testing described in this Section for a Plan Year to the extent the Plan through its written terms is intended to satisfy the ADP safe harbor provisions of Code section 401(k)(12) or 401(k)(13) or the ACP safe harbor provisions of Code section 401(m)(11) or 401(m)(12) and the Plan fails to satisfy the requirements of such provisions for such Plan Year. 
 
 Section 5.03 SPECIAL RULES 
 
 (a) Highly Compensated Employee in More Than One Plan. The Actual Deferral Ratio and Actual Contribution Ratio for any Participant who is a Highly Compensated Employee for the Plan Year and who is eligible to have Elective Deferrals, Matching Contributions and Voluntary Contributions (and Qualified Non-Elective Contributions if used to satisfy the tests described in Subsections 5.02(a) and (b)) allocated to his Accounts under two or more arrangements described in Code sections 401(k) and 401(m) that are maintained by the Employer, shall be determined as if such Elective Deferrals and contributions were made under a single arrangement. If a Highly Compensated Employee participates in two or more arrangements, whether or not they have different Plan Years, all such elective deferrals and contributions made during the Plan Year under all such arrangements shall be aggregated. Notwithstanding the foregoing, certain plans shall be treated as separate if mandatorily disaggregated under regulations under Code section 401(k) or 401(m). 
 
 (b) Contributions Used in Determining Ratios. All or part of the Qualified Non-Elective Contributions and Qualified Matching Contributions that are made with respect to any or all Participants may be treated as Elective Deferrals or Matching Contributions for purposes of meeting the requirements of Subsections 5.02(a) and (b). In addition, the Plan Administrator may use any Employer or Employee contribution to meet the requirements of the ADP and ACP tests of Section 5.02 to the extent permitted by applicable Treasury Regulations. The Employer may make additional contributions that are taken into account for the ACP test 
 
 37 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 5 LIMITATIONS ON CONTRIBUTIONS 

under Subsection 5.02(b) that, in combination with the other contributions taken into account under this Subsection 5.03(b), will allow the Plan to satisfy the requirements of such Subsection. However, to the extent the Plan uses the prior year testing method, in order to be included in Actual Deferral Ratios and the Actual Contribution Ratios of Nonhighly Compensated Employees, Qualified Non-Elective Contributions and Qualified Matching Contributions must be made no later than the last day of the Plan Year being tested. 
 
 (c) Contributions Only Used Once. Qualified Non-Elective Contributions and Qualified Matching Contributions shall not be taken into account under the ADP test to the extent such contributions are taken into account for purposes of satisfying any other ADP test, any other ACP test, or the requirements of Treas. Reg. sections 1.401(k)-3, 1.401(m)-3 or 1.401(k)-4. In order to be taken into account for purposes of satisfying the ADP test, Matching Contributions must be (1) allocated to the Employee's Account under the terms of the Plan as of a date within that year (2) made on account of (or on the basis of) the Participant's Matched Employee Contributions for that year and (3) actually paid to the Plan no later than the end of the 12-month period immediately following the year that contains that date. If the Plan switches from the current year testing method to the prior year testing method, Qualified Non-Elective Contributions and Qualified Matching Contributions that are taken into account under the current year testing method for a year may not be taken into account under the prior year testing method for the next year. 
 
 (d) Aggregation of Plans. In the event that this Plan satisfies the requirements of Code sections 401(k), 401(m), 401(a)(4), or 410(b) only if aggregated with one or more other plans, or if one or more other plans satisfy the requirements of such sections of the Code only if aggregated with this Plan, then Section 5.02 shall be applied as if all such plans were a single plan. The Plan may not be aggregated for testing purposes if the plans to be aggregated use differing testing methods (i.e., current year prior year). For example, a plan (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. section 1.410(b)-7(b)) that applies the current year testing method may not be aggregated with another plan that applies the prior year testing method. Similarly, an Employer may not aggregate a plan (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. section 1.410(b)-7(b)) (1) using the ADP safe harbor provisions of Code section 401(k)(12) or 401(k)(13) and another plan that is using the ADP test of Code section 401(k)(3) or (2) using the ACP safe harbor provisions of Code section 401(m)(11) or 401(m)(12) and another plan that is using the ACP test of Code section 401(m)(2). The Employer may also treat two or more separate collective bargaining units as a single collective bargaining unit, provided that the combinations of units are determined on a basis that is reasonable and reasonably consistent from year to year. 
 
 (e) Matching Contributions in a Safe Harbor Plan. If the Plan satisfies the ACP safe harbor requirements of Code section 401(m)(11) or 401(m)(12) for a Plan Year but nonetheless must satisfy the requirements of Section 5.02(b) because it provides for Voluntary Contributions, the Plan Administrator may elect to perform the tests under Section 5.02(b) with regard to Matching Contributions and Voluntary Contributions. If the Plan satisfies the ADP safe harbor requirements of Code section 401(k)(12) or 401(k)(13) using Qualified Matching Contributions but does not satisfy the ACP safe harbor requirements of Code section 401(m)(11) or 401(m)(12), the Plan Administrator is permitted to perform the tests under Section 5.02(b) by excluding Matching Contributions with respect to all Participants that do not exceed 4 of each Employee's Plan Compensation. 
 
 (f) Disproportionate Contributions. 
 
 (1) Qualified Non-Elective Contributions. All or part of a Nonhighly Compensated Employee's Qualified Non-Elective Contributions may be taken into account in meeting the ADP test under Section 5.02(a) or ACP test under Section 5.02(b) only to the extent that such contributions are not treated as disproportionate within the meaning of Treas. Reg. sections 1.401(k)-2(a)(6) or 1.401(m)-2(a)(6) and the Plan uses the current year testing method. 
 
 (2) Qualified Matching Contributions. All or part of a Nonhighly Compensated Employee's Matching Contributions may be taken into account in meeting the ACP test under Section 5.02(b) only to the extent that such contributions are not treated as disproportionate within the meaning of Treas. Reg. section 1.401(m)-2(a)(5)(ii) and the Plan uses the current year testing method. 
 
 (g) Code Section 410(a) Excludable Employees. The Employer may treat, pursuant to applicable Treasury Regulations, Participants who have not met the minimum age and service requirements of Code section 410(a)(1)(A) as comprising a separate plan for purposes of Section 5.02 pursuant to Subsection (1) or (2), provided the disaggregated Plan separately satisfies the requirements of Code section 410(b) and the Plan does not utilize Section 5.03(h). 
 
 38 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 5 LIMITATIONS ON CONTRIBUTIONS 

(1) Annual Entry Date. The Plan Administrator may treat Participants who have not met the minimum age and service requirements of Code section 410(a)(1)(A) before the first day of the seventh month of the Plan Year as comprising a separate plan. If the Plan provides safe harbor contributions, Participants not considered in the separate plan must be eligible for safe harbor contributions for the entire Plan Year. 
 
 (2) Semi-Annual or More Frequent Entry Date. The Plan Administrator may treat Participants who have not met the minimum age and service requirements of Code section 410(a)(1)(A) using one of the entry dates specified in the Plan (not less frequently than semi-annual) before the last day of the Plan Year as comprising a separate plan. Contributions of Participants who have an entry date during the applicable Plan Year shall not be counted in the separate plan. 
 
 (h) Excludable Nonhighly Compensated Employees. The Employer may also, pursuant to applicable Treasury Regulations, exclude all Nonhighly Compensated Employees who have not met the minimum age and service requirements of Code section 410(a)(1)(A) (pursuant to Subsection (g)(1) or (2)) from consideration in determining whether the requirements of Section 
 5.02 are met, provided the disaggregated Plan consisting of such excludable Nonhighly Compensated Employees separately satisfies the requirements of Code section 410(b) and the Plan does not utilize Section 5.03(g). 
 
 (i) Correction Methods. The Plan may, pursuant to applicable Treasury Regulations, do any of the following to avoid or correct excess contributions or excess aggregate contributions (1) provide for the use of any of the correction methods described herein (2) limit contributions in a manner designed to prevent excess contributions from being made or (3) use a combination of these methods. 
 
 (j) Plans Using Differing Testing Methods. A Plan may use differing testing methods (i.e., current year prior year) for the ADP and ACP tests of Section 5.02. For example, the Plan may use the prior year testing method for the ADP test of Section 5.02(a) and the current year testing method for its ACP test of Section 5.02(b) for a Plan Year. In addition to the prohibition on recharacterization specified in Section 5.04(a), a Plan that uses differing methods may not use Elective Deferrals in the ACP test of Section 5.02(b) and may not use Qualified Matching Contributions in the ADP test of Section 5.02(a). 
 
 (k) Special Rules Regarding Prior Year Data. If the Plan uses the prior year testing method for either the ADP or ACP test in Section 5.02 and is involved in a Plan coverage change as defined in Treas. Reg. section 1.401(k)-2(c)(4) or 1.401(m)-2(c)(4), then any adjustments to the Nonhighly Compensated Employees' prior year percentages will be made in accordance with such regulations. 
 
 (l) Plan Year Requirements for Safe Harbor Plans. To the extent the Plan is designed to satisfy Code section 401(k)(12) or 401(k)(13), the Plan Year must satisfy the requirements of Treas. Reg. section 1.401(k)-3(e)(1), taking into account the special provisions of 1.401(k)-3(e)(2) for the initial Plan Year. A short Plan Year may exist provided the requirements of Treas. Reg. section 1.401(k)-3(e)(3) are satisfied. The final Plan Year of a terminating plan may be less than 12 months provided the requirements of Treas. Reg. section 1.401(k)-3(e)(4) are satisfied. A safe harbor Plan Year may also be less than 12 months if the Plan is amended out of safe harbor status pursuant to Treas. Reg. section 1.401(k)-3(g). 
 
 (m) Regulations. Sections 5.02 through 5.04 shall be interpreted in accordance with applicable IRS regulations. 
 
 Section 5.04 CORRECTION OF DISCRIMINATORY CONTRIBUTIONS 
 
 (a) Elective Deferrals. In the event the nondiscrimination tests of Section 5.02(a) are not satisfied with respect to Elective Deferrals for any Plan Year, excess contributions for the Plan Year determined as set forth in Paragraph (1) shall be corrected as set forth in Paragraph (2) 
 
 (1) Determination of excess contributions. The Elective Deferrals of the Highly Compensated Employee with the highest Actual Deferral Ratio shall be reduced until the nondiscrimination tests imposed by Section 5.02(a) would be satisfied, or until the Actual Deferral Ratio of the Highly Compensated Employee would equal the Actual Deferral Ratio of the Highly Compensated Employee with the next highest Actual Deferral Ratio. This process shall be repeated until the nondiscrimination tests imposed by Section 5.02(a) are satisfied. The amount of excess contributions is equal to the sum of these hypothetical reductions multiplied, in each case, by the respective Highly Compensated Employee's Section 414(s) Compensation (including deferrals to the extent that they are taken into account in determining testing ratios). 
 
 39 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 5 LIMITATIONS ON CONTRIBUTIONS 

(2) Distribution of excess contributions. Excess contributions shall be allocated to the Highly Compensated Employees with the largest dollar amounts of contributions taken into account in calculating the Average Deferral Percentage test for the year in which the excess arose, beginning with the Highly Compensated Employee with the largest dollar amount of such contributions and continuing in descending order until all of the excess contributions have been allocated. To the extent a Highly Compensated Employee has not reached his or her Catch-up Contribution limit as specified in Section 5.01(d), excess contributions allocated to such Highly Compensated Employee are deemed Catch-up Contributions and will not be treated as excess contributions. The amount of excess contributions is reduced by any amounts previously distributed from the Plan to correct Excess Elective Deferrals under Section 5.01 for the Employee's taxable year ending with or within the Plan Year. The distribution of the amount allocated to each Highly Compensated Employee, as adjusted for income allocable to the excess contributions, shall occur within 12 months of the close of the Plan Year for which the Elective Deferrals were made. The income loss allocable to excess contributions is equal to the sum of the allocable gain or loss for the Plan Year. Elective Deferrals not taken into account in determining Matching Contributions under Section 4.02 shall be distributed first. In the event a Participant receives a distribution of Elective Deferrals that were taken into account in determining Matching Contributions, the Participant shall forfeit such Matching Contributions that were allocated to the Participant by reason of the distributed Elective Deferrals to the extent that additional Matching Contributions are not made pursuant to Treas. Reg. section 1.401(a)(4)-11(g)(3)(vii)(B). Amounts forfeited shall be used pursuant to Section 6.03(d). If the Plan does not correct excess contributions within 2-1 2 months (6 months in the case of an eligible automatic contribution arrangement where all Participants are Covered Employees), or such other time frame as may be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury, after the close of the Plan Year for which the excess contributions are made, the Employer will be liable for a 10 excise tax on the amount of the excess contributions to the extent provided in Code section 4979. 
 
 (3) Recharacterization. If the Plan permits Voluntary Contributions and if the Plan uses the same testing methods (current year prior year) in Subsection 5.02(a) and (b), the Plan Administrator may treat excess contributions as an amount distributed to the Participant and then contributed by the Participant to the Plan as a Voluntary Contribution. Recharacterized amounts will remain nonforfeitable and subject to the same distribution requirements as Elective Deferrals. Recharacterized amounts will be subject to ACP testing and limitations. Amounts may not be recharacterized by a Highly Compensated Employee to the extent that such amount in combination with other Voluntary Contributions made by that Employee would exceed any stated limit under the Plan on Voluntary Contributions. Recharacterization must occur no later than two and one-half months after the last day of the Plan Year in which such excess contributions arose and is deemed to occur no earlier than the date the last Highly Compensated Employee is informed in writing of the amount recharacterized and the consequences thereof. Recharacterized amounts will be taxable to the Participant for the Participant's tax year in which the Participant would have received them in cash. 
 
 (4) Refunds. If the Plan permits Roth Elective Deferrals, the Participant may elect to have refunds made either from his Pre-tax Elective Deferrals or Roth Elective Deferrals or any combination thereof. Unless a Participant otherwise specifies, a distribution of Excess Elective Deferrals for a year shall be made first from the Participant's pre-tax Elective Deferral account, to the extent such deferrals were made for the year. 
 
 (b) Matching Contributions and Voluntary Contributions. In the event the nondiscrimination tests of Section 5.02(b) are not satisfied with respect to Matching Contributions and Voluntary Contributions for any Plan Year, excess aggregate contributions and Voluntary Contributions for the Plan Year determined as set forth in Paragraph (1) shall be corrected as set forth in Paragraph (2). 
 
 (1) Determination of excess aggregate contributions. The determination of the amount of excess aggregate contributions resulting from the application of the ACP test may only be made after determining the excess contributions to be recharacterized as Voluntary Contributions under Section 5.04(a)(3). The Matching Contributions and Voluntary Contributions of the Highly Compensated Employee with the highest Actual Contribution Ratio shall be reduced until the nondiscrimination tests imposed by Section 5.02(b) would be satisfied, or until the Actual Contribution Ratio of the Highly Compensated Employee would equal the Actual Contribution Ratio of the Highly Compensated Employee with the next highest Actual Contribution Ratio. This process shall be repeated until the nondiscrimination tests imposed by Section 5.02(b) are satisfied. The amount of excess aggregate contributions and Voluntary Contributions is equal to the sum of these hypothetical reductions multiplied, in each case, by the respective Highly Compensated Employee's Section 414(s) Compensation (including deferrals to the extent that they are taken into account in determining testing ratios). 
 
 40 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 5 LIMITATIONS ON CONTRIBUTIONS 

(2) Correction of excess aggregate contributions. Excess aggregate contributions and Voluntary Contributions shall be allocated to the Highly Compensated Employees with the largest dollar amounts of contributions taken into account in calculating the Average Contribution Percentage test for the year in which the excess arose, beginning with the Highly Compensated Employee with the largest dollar amount of such contributions and continuing in descending order until all of the excess contributions have been allocated. The correction of the amount allocated to each Highly Compensated Employee, as adjusted for income allocable to the excess aggregate contributions, shall occur within 12 months of the close of the Plan Year for which the Matching Contributions and Voluntary Contributions were made. The income loss allocable to excess aggregate contributions is equal to the sum of the allocable gain or loss for the Plan Year. Excess aggregate contributions and Voluntary Contributions shall be corrected in the following order (i) Voluntary Contributions not taken into account in determining Matching Contributions under Article 4 shall be distributed (ii) any other Voluntary Contributions not described in clause (i) shall be distributed and their related Matching Contributions shall be forfeited to the extent that additional Matching Contributions are not made pursuant to Treas. Reg. section 1.401(a)(4)-11(g)(3)(vii)(B) and (iii) vested Matching Contributions shall be distributed and nonvested Matching Contributions forfeited. Amounts forfeited shall be used pursuant to Section 6.03(d). If the Plan does not correct excess contributions within 2-1 2 months (6 months in the case of an eligible automatic contribution arrangement where all Participants are Covered Employees), or such other time frame as may be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury, after the close of the Plan Year for which the excess contributions are made, the Employer will be liable for a 10 excise tax on the amount of the excess contributions to the extent provided in Code section 4979. 
 
 Section 5.05 MAXIMUM AMOUNT OF ANNUAL ADDITIONS 
 
 (a) General Rule. 
 
 (1) One Plan. If the Participant does not participate in, and has never participated in another qualified plan maintained by the Employer or a welfare benefit fund, as defined in Code section 419(e) maintained by the Employer, or an individual medical account, as defined in Code section 415(l)(2), maintained by the Employer, or a simplified employee pension plan, as defined in Code section 408(k), maintained by the Employer, which provides an Annual Addition, the amount of Annual Additions which may be credited to the Participant's Account for any Limitation Year will not exceed the lesser of the maximum permissible amount specified in Section 5.05(b) or any other limitation contained in this Plan. If the Employer contribution that would otherwise be contributed or allocated to the Participant's Account would cause the Annual Additions for the Limitation Year to exceed such maximum permissible amount, the amount contributed or allocated will be reduced so that the Annual Additions for the Limitation Year will equal the maximum permissible amount. 
 
 (2) Multiple Plans. This Subsection 5.05(a)(2) applies if, in addition to this Plan, the Participant is covered under another qualified defined contribution plan maintained by the Employer, a welfare benefit fund maintained by the Employer, an individual medical account maintained by the Employer, or a simplified employee pension plan maintained by the Employer, that provides an Annual Addition during any Limitation Year. The Annual Additions which may be credited to a Participant's Account under this Plan for any such Limitation Year will not exceed the maximum permissible amount specified in Section 5.05(b) reduced by the Annual Additions credited to a Participant's account under the other qualified defined contribution plans, welfare benefit funds, individual medical accounts, and simplified employee pension plans for the same Limitation Year. 
 
 (b) Maximum Permissible Amount. The maximum permissible amount is the lesser of 
 
 (1) 40,000, as adjusted for increases in the cost-of-living under Code section 415(d) or 
 
 (2) 100 of the Participant's Statutory Compensation for the Limitation Year. The compensation limit referred to in this Subsection (b)(2) shall not apply to any contribution for medical benefits after separation from service (within the meaning of Code sections 401(h) or 419A(f)(2)) which is otherwise treated as an Annual Addition. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, Statutory Compensation for purposes of Section 5.05 for a Participant in a defined contribution plan who is permanently and totally disabled (as defined in Code section 22(e)(3)) is the compensation such Participant would have received for the Limitation Year if the Participant had been paid at the rate of compensation paid immediately before becoming permanently and totally disabled. 
 
 Prior to determining the Participant's actual Statutory Compensation for the Limitation Year, the Employer may determine the maximum permissible amount for a Participant on the basis of a reasonable estimation of the Participant's Statutory 
 
 41 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 5 LIMITATIONS ON CONTRIBUTIONS 

Compensation for the Limitation Year, uniformly determined for all Participants similarly situated. As soon as is administratively feasible after the end of the Limitation Year, the maximum permissible amount for the Limitation Year will be determined on the basis of the Participant's actual Statutory Compensation for the Limitation Year. 
 
 (c) Correction of Excess. If there is an allocation in excess of the Maximum Permissible Amount, the Plan Administrator shall correct such excess pursuant to the procedures outlined under Employee Plans Compliance Resolution System as described in Rev. Proc. 2016-51 and any superseding guidance. 
 42 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 6 VESTING 

ARTICLE 6 VESTING 

Section 6.01 PARTICIPANT CONTRIBUTIONS 
 
 A Participant shall have a fully (100 vested and nonforfeitable interest in his Elective Deferral Account, Voluntary Contribution Account, Rollover Contribution Account, In-Plan Roth Rollover Account, Qualified Non-Elective Contribution Account, Qualified Matching Contribution Account and contributions used to satisfy ADP safe harbor requirements of Code section 401(k)(12). 
 
 Section 6.02 EMPLOYER CONTRIBUTIONS 
 
 The Participant's interest in his Matching Contribution Account, Non-Elective Contribution Account, Pension Contribution Account and contributions used to satisfy ADP safe harbor requirements of Code section 401(k)(13) shall vest based on his Years of Vesting Service in accordance with the terms of the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 For purposes of the Adoption Agreement, 2-6 Year Graded , 1-5 Year Graded , 1-4 Year Graded , 3 Year Cliff and 2 Year Cliff shall be determined in accordance with the following schedules 

2-6 Year Graded 
 Years of Vesting Service 
 
 Less than Two Years 
 Vesting Percentage 
 
 0 
 Two Years but less than Three Years 
 20 Three Years but less than Four Years 
 40 Four Years but less than Five Years 
 60 Five Years but less than Six Years 
 80 Six or More Years 
 100 1-5 Year Graded 
 
 Less than One Year 
 
 0 
 One Year but less than Two Years 
 20 Two Years but less than Three Years 
 40 Three Years but less than Four Years 
 60 Four Years but less than Five Years 
 80 Five or More Years 
 100 1-4 Year Graded 
 
 Less than One Year 
 
 0 
 One Year but less than Two Years 
 25 Two Years but less than Three Years 
 50 Three Years but less than Four Years 
 75 Four or More Years 
 100 3 Year Cliff 
 
 Less than Three Years 
 
 0 
 Three or More Years 
 100 2 Year Cliff 
 
 Less than Two Years 
 
 0 
 Two or More Years 
 100 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant shall become fully (100 vested upon his attainment of Normal Retirement Age while an Employee. In addition, the Adoption Agreement may provide that a Participant will become fully (100 vested upon 
 (a) his death while an Employee, (b) his suffering a Disability while an Employee, or (c) attaining his Early Retirement Age while an Employee. If a Participant dies while performing Qualified Military Service, the survivors of the Participant are entitled to any 
 
 43 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 6 VESTING 

additional benefits provided under the Plan as if the Participant had resumed and then terminated employment on account of death pursuant to Code section 401(a)(37). If Participants become fully (100 vested upon death while an Employee, Participants shall also become fully (100 vested upon death while performing Qualified Military Service. 
 
 A Participant's Transfer Account, if any, shall remain subject to the vesting schedule that applied to the Account immediately prior to the transfer. 
 
 Section 6.03 FORFEITURES 
 
 (a) Participants Receiving a Distribution. A Participant who receives a distribution of the value of the entire vested portion of his Account shall forfeit the nonvested portion of such Account as soon as administratively feasible after such distribution but no later than the end of the Plan Year following the Plan Year during which such distribution occurred. If the Participant elects to the extent permitted by Article 7 to have distributed less than the entire vested portion of the Account balance derived from Employer contributions, the part of the nonvested portion that will be treated as a forfeiture is the total nonvested portion multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount of the distribution attributable to Employer contributions and the denominator of which is the total value of the vested Employer-derived Account balance. No forfeitures will occur solely as a result of a Participant's withdrawal of Employee contributions. 
 
 For purposes of this Section, if the value of a Participant's vested Account balance is zero upon Termination, the Participant shall be deemed to have received a distribution of such vested Account. 
 
 (b) Participants Not Receiving a Distribution. The nonvested portion of the Account balance of a Participant who has a Termination of Employment and does not receive a complete distribution of the vested portion of his Account shall be forfeited as soon as administratively feasible after the date he incurs five consecutive One-Year Breaks in Service (One-Year Periods of Severance if the Plan uses the Elapsed Time Method) but no later than the end of the Plan Year following the Plan Year during which such break in service occurred. 
 
 (c) Reemployment. 
 
 (1) Before Five One-Year Breaks. Unless otherwise elected in the Adoption Agreement, if a Participant receives or is deemed to receive a distribution pursuant to this Section and the Participant resumes employment covered under this Plan and who also meets the requirements of Code sections 411(a)(7)(B) and (C), the Participant's Employer-derived Account balance will be restored to the amount on the date of distribution if the Participant repays to the Plan the full amount of the distribution (including Elective Deferrals and Voluntary Contributions if any) before the earlier of 5 years after the first date on which the Participant is subsequently reemployed by the Employer, or the date the Participant incurs 5 consecutive One-Year Breaks in Service (One-Year Periods of Severance if the Plan uses the Elapsed Time Method) following the date of the distribution. If a 
 zero-vested Participant is deemed to receive a distribution pursuant to this Section, and the Participant resumes employment covered under this Plan before the date the Participant incurs 5 consecutive One-Year Breaks in Service (One-Year Periods of Severance if the Plan uses the Elapsed Time Method), upon the reemployment of such Participant, the Employer-derived Account balance of the Participant will be restored to the amount on the date of such deemed distribution. Forfeitures that are restored pursuant to the foregoing shall be accomplished by an allocation of forfeitures, or if such forfeitures are insufficient, by a special Employer contribution. 
 
 (2) After Five One-Year Breaks. If a Participant resumes employment as an Eligible Employee after forfeiting the nonvested portion of his Account balance after 5 consecutive One-Year Breaks in Service (One-Year Periods of Severance if the Plan uses the Elapsed Time Method) and is not fully (100 vested upon reemployment, the Participant's Account balance attributable to his pre-break service shall be kept separate from that portion of his Account balance attributable to his post-break service until such time as his post-break Account balance becomes fully (100 vested. A Participant with a balance in his Elective Deferral Account shall be considered a vested Participant for purposes of Code section 411(a)(6)(D)(iii). 
 
 (d) Disposition of Forfeitures. Amounts forfeited from a Participant's Account shall be used to restore forfeitures or reduce Employer contributions (or reallocate as Employer contributions) made pursuant to Article 4, or to pay reasonable Plan expenses to the extent specified in the Adoption Agreement. Forfeitures cannot be used as Elective Deferrals. Any such disposition 
 
 44 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 6 VESTING 

of forfeitures from a Participant's Account shall be made no later than the end of the Plan Year following the Plan Year during which the forfeiture occurred. 
 
 (e) Vesting Following In-Service Withdrawals or Payment in Installments. If a distribution is made at a time when a Participant has a nonforfeitable right to less than 100 of his Account derived from Employer contributions and the Participant may increase the nonforfeitable percentage in the Account 
 
 (1) A separate Account will be established for the Participant's interest in the Plan as of the time of the 
 distribution, and 
 
 (2) At any relevant time the Participant's nonforfeitable portion of the separate Account will be equal to an amount X determined by the formula 
 
 X P(AB + (R x D)) - (R x D) 
 
 For purposes of applying the formula P is the nonforfeitable percentage at the relevant time AB is the Account balance at the relevant time D is the amount of the distribution and R is the ratio of the Account balance at the relevant time to the Account balance after distribution. 
 45 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 7 DISTRIBUTIONS 

ARTICLE 7 DISTRIBUTIONS 

Section 7.01 COMMENCEMENT OF DISTRIBUTIONS 
 
 (a) Early and Normal Retirement. A Participant, upon attainment of his Normal Retirement Date, shall be entitled to retire and to receive his Account as his benefit hereunder pursuant to Section 7.02. To the extent permitted in the Adoption Agreement, a Participant may, at any time after reaching his Early Retirement Date but before Termination, elect to have the Plan Administrator commence the distribution of his benefit pursuant to Section 7.02 by providing the Plan Administrator with a written election to that effect. Any such written election shall state the date upon which distribution of benefits is to commence and shall be effective upon delivery to the Plan Administrator. 
 
 (b) Late Retirement. If a Participant continues in the employ of the Employer beyond his Normal Retirement Date, his participation under the Plan shall continue, and his benefits under the Plan shall commence following his actual Termination of Employment pursuant to Section 7.02. To the extent permitted in the Adoption Agreement, a Participant may, at any time after reaching his Normal Retirement Date but before actual retirement, elect to have the Plan Administrator commence the distribution of his benefit pursuant to Section 7.02 by providing the Plan Administrator with a written election to that effect. Any such written election shall state the date upon which distribution of benefits is to commence and shall be effective upon delivery to the Plan Administrator. 
 
 (c) Disability Retirement. Except as may be otherwise provided in the Adoption Agreement, if a Participant becomes Disabled, he shall become entitled to receive his vested Account pursuant to Section 7.02 following the date he has a Termination of Employment. 
 
 (d) Death. If a Participant dies, either before or after his Termination of Employment, his Beneficiary designated pursuant to Section 7.04 shall become entitled to receive the Participant's vested Account pursuant to Section 7.02. 
 
 (e) Termination of Employment. A Participant shall become entitled to receive his vested Account pursuant to Section 
 7.02 following the date he has a Termination of Employment. A Participant shall not be entitled to a distribution from his Elective Deferral Account, Qualified Non-Elective Contribution Account or Qualified Matching Contributions (and earnings attributable to these contributions) unless he has had a severance from employment within the meaning of Code section 401(k)(2)(B)(i)(I). 
 
 Section 7.02 TIMING AND FORM OF DISTRIBUTIONS 
 
 (a) Distribution for Reasons Other Than Death. If a Participant's Account balance becomes distributable pursuant to Section 7.01 for any reason other than death and such amount is not required to be distributed in the form of a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity pursuant to Section 7.10, payment of his vested Account shall commence at such times and shall be payable in the form and at such times as specified in the Adoption Agreement. To the extent permitted in the Adoption Agreement, a Participant may elect to have the Plan Administrator apply his entire Account toward the purchase of an annuity contract. The terms of such annuity contract shall comply with the provisions of this Plan and any annuity contract shall be nontransferable and shall be distributed to the Participant. 
 
 The method of distribution shall be selected by the Participant on a form prescribed by the Plan Administrator. If no such selection is made by the Participant, payment shall be made in the form of a lump sum distribution unless the Adoption Agreement provides for different normal form of payment or payment is required to be made in the form of a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity pursuant to Section 7.10 of the Adoption Agreement. No distribution shall be made if the Participant is rehired by the Employer before payments commence. 
 
 (b) Distribution on Account of Death. 
 
 (1) Before Distribution Has Begun. If the Participant dies before distribution of his Account begins and such amount is not required to be distributed in the form of a qualified preretirement survivor annuity pursuant to Section 7.10, distribution of the Participant's entire Account, including any amounts attributable to an investment in a deferred annuity contract, 
 
 46 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 7 DISTRIBUTIONS 

shall be completed by the time and in the manner specified in the Adoption Agreement. To the extent permitted in the Adoption Agreement, payments may be made at least as rapidly as over the following periods 
 
 (A) A complete distribution shall be made by December 31 of the calendar year containing the fifth anniversary of the Participant's death 
 
 (B) Distributions may be made over the life or over a period certain not greater than the life expectancy of the Beneficiary commencing on or before December 31 of the calendar year immediately following the calendar year in which the Participant died or 
 
 (C) If the Beneficiary is the Participant's surviving spouse, the date distributions are required to begin in accordance with Subparagraph (B) above shall not be earlier than the later of (i) December 31 of the calendar year immediately following the calendar year in which the Participant died and (ii) December 31 of the calendar year in which the Participant would have attained age 70-1 2. 
 
 If the Plan permits Participant elections under this Subsection (b)(1) and the Participant has not made an election as to form of payment by the time of his death, the Participant's Beneficiary must elect the method of distribution no later than the earlier of (1) December 31 of the calendar year in which distributions would be required to begin under this Section, or (2) December 31 of the calendar year which contains the fifth anniversary of the date of death of the Participant. If the Participant has no designated beneficiary, pursuant to applicable Treasury Regulations, or if the designated Beneficiary does not elect a method of distribution, distribution of the Participant's entire interest must be completed by December 31 of the calendar year containing the fifth anniversary of the Participant's death. 
 
 If the surviving spouse dies after the Participant, the provisions of this Subsection (b)(1), with the exception of Subparagraph (C) therein, shall be applied as if the surviving spouse were the Participant. 
 
 (2) After Distribution Has Begun. If the Participant dies after distribution of his Account has begun, the remaining portion of such Account will continue to be distributed at least as rapidly as the method of distribution being used prior to the Participant's death. If the Participant's Account was not being distributed in the form of an annuity at the time of his death (i) distribution of the Participant's entire Account, including any amounts attributable to an investment in a deferred annuity contract, shall be completed by the time and in the manner specified in the Adoption Agreement and (ii) the Beneficiary may elect to receive the Participant's remaining vested Account balance in a lump sum distribution. To the extent permitted in the Adoption Agreement, payments may be made at least as rapidly as over the following periods 
 
 (A) A complete distribution shall be made by December 31 of the calendar year containing the fifth anniversary of the Participant's death or 
 
 (B) Distributions shall continue to be distributed at least as rapidly as the method of distribution being used prior to the Participant's death. 
 
 The Beneficiary shall provide the Plan Administrator with the death notice or other sufficient documentation before any payments are made pursuant to this Subsection. 
 
 (c) Valuation Date. The distributable amount of a Participant's Account is the vested portion of his Account as of the Valuation Date coincident with or next preceding the date distribution is made to the Participant or Beneficiary as reduced by any subsequent distributions, withdrawals or loans. 
 
 (d) Ordering Rule. The Plan Administrator shall operationally determine the ordering rule for distributions provided that such ordering rule is nondiscriminatory. Such ordering rule may provide that the Participant or Beneficiary may elect to have payments made first or last from his Roth Elective Deferral Account or Voluntary Contribution Account or in any combination of such Accounts and any other Account. 
 
 (e) Restriction on Deferral of Payment. Unless otherwise elected, benefit payments under the Plan will begin to a Participant not later than the 60th day after the latest of the close of the Plan Year in which 
 
 47 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 7 DISTRIBUTIONS 

(1) the Participant attains his Normal Retirement Date 
 
 (2) occurs the 10th anniversary of the year in which his participation commenced or 
 
 (3) the Participant has a Termination of Employment. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the failure of a Participant and spouse to consent to a distribution while a benefit is immediately distributable shall be deemed to be an election to defer commencement of payment of any benefit sufficient to satisfy this Section. 
 
 (f) Minimum Distribution Requirements. Distributions shall be made in a method that is in conformance with the requirements set forth in Section 7.05. Section 7.05 shall not be deemed to create a type of benefit (e.g., installment payments, lump sum within five years or immediate lump sum payment) to any class of Participants and Beneficiaries that is not otherwise permitted by the Plan. 
 
 Section 7.03 FORCE-OUT OF SMALL BALANCES 
 
 (a) Vested Account Balance Does Not Exceed 5,000. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if involuntary force-out is selected in the Adoption Agreement and the vested amount of an Account payable to a Participant or Beneficiary does not exceed 
 5,000 (or such lesser amount specified in the Adoption Agreement) at the time such individual becomes entitled to a distribution hereunder (or at any subsequent time established by the Plan Administrator to the extent provided in applicable Treasury Regulations), such vested Account shall be paid in a lump sum to the extent it is not subject to the automatic rollover provisions of Section 7.06(c) below. 
 
 (b) Vested Account Balance Exceeds 5,000. If the value of a Participant's vested Account balance exceeds 5,000 or such lesser amount as specified in the Adoption Agreement and the Account balance is immediately distributable, the Participant must consent to any distribution of such Account balance. Notwithstanding the foregoing and unless otherwise specified in the Adoption Agreement, payments shall commence as of the Participant's Required Beginning Date in the form of a lump sum or installment payments. The Participant's consent shall be obtained in writing within the 180-day period ending on the Annuity Starting Date. The Plan Administrator shall notify the Participant of the right to defer any distribution until the date specified in the Adoption Agreement. Such notification shall include a general description of the material features, and an explanation of the relative values of, the optional forms of benefit available under the Plan, and shall be provided no less than 30 days and no more than 180 days prior to the Annuity Starting Date. Except to the extent provided in Section 7.10, distribution may commence less than 30 days after the notice described in the preceding sentence is given, provided the Plan Administrator clearly informs the Participant that he has a right to a period of at least 30 days after receiving the notice to consider the decision of whether or not to elect a distribution (and, if applicable, a particular distribution option), and the Participant, after receiving the notice, affirmatively elects a distribution. In the event a Participant's vested Account balance becomes distributable without consent pursuant to this Subsection (b), and the Participant fails to elect a form of distribution, the vested Account balance of such Participant shall be paid in a single sum except to the extent provided in Section 7.10. 
 
 (c) For purposes of this Section 7.03, the Participant's vested Account balance shall not include amounts attributable to accumulated deductible Employee contributions within the meaning of Code section 72(o)(5)(B). 
 
 (d) Required Distributions and Plan Termination. Consent of the Participant or his spouse shall not be required to the extent that a distribution is required to satisfy Code sections 401(a)(9), 401(k), 401(m), 402(g) or 415. In addition, upon termination of this Plan the Participant's Account balance shall be distributed to the Participant in a lump sum distribution unless payment is made in the form of a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity pursuant to Section 7.10. However, if the Employer maintains another defined contribution plan (other than an employee stock ownership plan as defined in Code section 4975(e)(7)), then the Participant's Account balance will be transferred, without the Participant's consent, to the other plan if the Participant does not consent to an immediate distribution. 
 
 (e) Treatment of Rollovers. If elected in the Adoption Agreement, Rollovers shall be disregarded in determining the value of the Account balance for involuntary distributions. For purposes of this Section 7.03, the Participant's vested Account 
 
 48 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 7 DISTRIBUTIONS 

balance shall not include that portion of the Account balance that is attributable to Rollover Contributions (and earnings allocable thereto) within the meaning of Code sections 402(c), 403(a)(4), 403(b)(8), 408(d)(3)(A)(ii), and 457(e)(16). 
 
 Section 7.04 BENEFICIARY 
 
 (a) Beneficiary Designation Right. Except as provided in Section 7.04(b) and Section 7.10, each Participant, and if the Participant has died, the Beneficiary of such Participant, shall have the right to designate one or more primary and one or more secondary Beneficiaries to receive any benefit becoming payable upon such individual's death. To the extent that a Participant's Account is not subject to Section 7.10, the spouse of a married Participant shall be the sole primary Beneficiary of such Participant unless the requirements of Subsection (b) are met. To the extent that a Participant's Account is subject to Section 7.10, the spouse of a married Participant shall be the Beneficiary of such portion of the Participant's Account as specified in the Adoption Agreement unless the spouse waives his or her rights to such benefit pursuant to Section 7.10. All Beneficiary designations shall be in writing in a form satisfactory to the Plan Administrator and shall only be effective when filed with the Plan Administrator during the Participant's lifetime (or if the Participant has died, during the lifetime of the Beneficiary of such Participant who desires to designate a further Beneficiary). Except as provided in Section 7.04(b) or Section 7.10, as applicable, each Participant (or Beneficiary) shall be entitled to change his Beneficiaries at any time and from time to time by filing written notice of such change with the Plan Administrator. 
 
 (b) Form and Content of Spouse's Consent. To the extent that a Participant's Account is not subject to Section 7.10, the Participant may designate a Beneficiary other than his spouse pursuant to this Subsection if (1) the spouse has waived the spouse's right to be the Participant's Beneficiary in accordance with this Subsection (2) the Participant has no spouse or (3) the Plan Administrator determines that the spouse cannot be located or such other circumstances exist under which spousal consent is not required, as prescribed by Treasury Regulations. If required, such consent (1) shall be in writing (2) shall designate a beneficiary (or a form of benefit) which may not be changed without spousal consent (or permits Beneficiary designations by the Participant without the spouse's further consent) (3) shall acknowledge the effect of the consent and (4) shall be witnessed by a Plan representative or notary public. Any consent by a spouse, or establishment that the consent of a spouse may not be obtained, shall not be effective with respect to any other spouse. Any spousal consent that permits subsequent changes by the Participant to the Beneficiary designation without the requirement of further spousal consent shall acknowledge that the spouse has the right to limit such consent to a specific Beneficiary, and that the spouse voluntarily elects to relinquish such right. 
 
 (c) No Designated Beneficiary. Unless otherwise provided in the Adoption Agreement, in the event that the Participant fails to designate a Beneficiary, or in the event that the Participant is predeceased by all designated primary and secondary Beneficiaries, the death benefit shall be payable to the Participant's spouse or, if there is no spouse, to the Participant's children in equal shares by right of representation (one share for each surviving child and one share for each child who predeceases the Participant with living descendants) or, if there are no children, to the Participant's surviving parents in equal shares or, if there are no surviving parents, to the Participant's estate. 
 
 Section 7.05 MINIMUM DISTRIBUTION REQUIREMENTS 
 
 (a) General Rules. 
 
 (1) Effective Date. Subject to Section 7.10, the requirements of this Section shall apply to any distribution of a Participant's interest and will take precedence over any inconsistent provisions of this Plan. 
 
 (2) Construction. All distributions required under this Section shall be determined and made in accordance with the regulations under Code section 401(a)(9) and the minimum distribution incidental benefit requirement of Code section 401(a)(9)(G). Nothing contained in this Section shall be deemed to create a type of benefit (e.g., installment payments, lump sum within five years or immediate lump sum payment) to any class of Participants or Beneficiaries that is not otherwise permitted by the Plan. 
 
 (3) Limits on Distribution Periods. As of the first distribution calendar year, distributions to a Participant, if not made in a single sum, may only be made over one of the following periods 
 
 (i) the life of the Participant 
 
 49 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 7 DISTRIBUTIONS 

(ii) the joint lives of the Participant and a designated Beneficiary 
 
 (iii) a period certain not extending beyond the life expectancy of the Participant or 
 
 (iv) a period certain not extending beyond the joint life and last survivor expectancy of the Participant and a designated Beneficiary. 
 
 (b) Time and Manner of Distribution. 
 
 (1) Required Beginning Date. Unless an earlier date is specified in Section 7.02(b), the Participant's entire interest will be distributed, or begin to be distributed, to the Participant no later than the Participant's Required Beginning Date. 
 
 (2) Death of Participant Before Distributions Begin. If the Participant dies before distributions begin, the Participant's entire interest will be distributed, or begin to be distributed, no later than as follows 
 
 (i) If the Participant's surviving spouse is the Participant's sole designated Beneficiary, then unless an earlier date is specified in Section 7.02(b), distributions to the surviving spouse will begin by December 31 of the calendar year immediately following the calendar year in which the Participant died, or by December 31 of the calendar year in which the Participant would have attained age 70-1 2, if later. 
 
 (ii) If the Participant's surviving spouse is not the Participant's sole designated Beneficiary, then, unless otherwise specified in Section 7.02(b), distributions to the designated Beneficiary will begin by December 31 of the calendar year immediately following the calendar year in which the Participant died. 
 
 (iii) If there is no designated Beneficiary as of September 30 of the year following the year of the Participant's death, the Participant's entire interest will be distributed by December 31 of the calendar year containing the fifth anniversary of the Participant's death unless an earlier date is specified in Section 7.02(b). 
 
 (iv) If the Participant's surviving spouse is the Participant's sole designated Beneficiary and the surviving spouse dies after the Participant but before distributions to the surviving spouse are required to begin, this Subsection (b)(2), other than Subsection (b)(2)(i), will apply as if the surviving spouse were the Participant except as otherwise provided in Section 7.02(b). 
 
 For purposes of this Subsection (b)(2) and Subsection (d), unless Subsection (b)(2)(iv) applies, distributions are considered to begin on the Participant's Required Beginning Date. If Subsection (b)(2)(iv) applies, distributions are considered to begin on the date distributions are required to begin to the surviving spouse under Subsection (b)(2)(i). If distributions under an annuity purchased from an insurance company irrevocably commence to the Participant before the Participant's Required Beginning Date (or to the Participant's surviving spouse before the date distributions are required to begin to the surviving spouse under Subsection (b)(2)(i)), the date distributions are considered to begin is the date distributions actually commence. 
 
 (3) Forms of Distribution. Unless the Participant's interest is distributed in the form of an annuity purchased from an insurance company or in a single sum on or before the Required Beginning Date, as of the first distribution calendar year distributions will be made in accordance with Subsections (c) and (d) to the extent otherwise permitted by the Plan. If the Participant's interest is distributed in the form of an annuity purchased from an insurance company, distributions thereunder will be made in accordance with the requirements of Code 401(a)(9) and the regulations. 
 
 (c) Required Minimum Distributions During Participant's Lifetime. 
 
 (1) Amount of Required Minimum Distribution For Each Distribution Calendar Year. During the Participant's lifetime, the minimum amount that will be distributed for each distribution calendar year is the lesser of 
 
 50 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 7 DISTRIBUTIONS 

(i) the quotient obtained by dividing the Participant's Account Balance by the distribution period in the Uniform Lifetime Table set forth in Treas. Reg. section 1.401(a)(9)-9, Q&A-2 using the Participant's age as of the Participant's birthday in the distribution calendar year or 
 
 (ii) if the Participant's sole designated Beneficiary for the distribution calendar year is the Participant's spouse, the quotient obtained by dividing the Participant's Account balance by the number in the Joint and Last Survivor Table set forth in Treas. Reg. section 1.401(a)(9)-9, Q&A-3 using the Participant's and spouse's attained ages as of the Participant's and spouse's birthdays in the distribution calendar year. 
 
 (2) Lifetime Required Minimum Distributions Continue Through Year of Participant's Death. Required minimum distributions will be determined under this Subsection (c) beginning with the first distribution calendar year and continuing up to, and including, the distribution calendar year that includes the Participant's date of death. 
 
 (3) The amount of the Required Minimum Distribution shall include the amount payable under a QLAC that has passed its annuity starting date defined as commencing not later than the first day of the month next following the Participant's 85th birthday. 
 
 (d) Required Minimum Distributions After Participant's Death. 
 
 (1) Death On or After Date Distributions Begin. 
 
 (i) Participant Survived by Designated Beneficiary. If the Participant dies on or after the date distributions begin and there is a designated Beneficiary, the minimum amount that will be distributed for each distribution calendar year after the year of the Participant's death is the quotient obtained by dividing the Participant's Account balance by the longer of the remaining life expectancy of the Participant or the remaining life expectancy of the Participant's designated Beneficiary, determined as follows 
 
 (A) The Participant's remaining life expectancy is calculated using the age of the Participant in the year of death, reduced by one for each subsequent year. 
 
 (B) If the Participant's surviving spouse is the Participant's sole designated Beneficiary, the remaining life expectancy of the surviving spouse is calculated for each distribution calendar year after the year of the Participant's death using the surviving spouse's age as of the spouse's birthday in that year. For distribution calendar years after the year of the surviving spouse's death, the remaining life expectancy of the surviving spouse is calculated using the age of the surviving spouse as of the spouse's birthday in the calendar year of the spouse's death, reduced by one for each subsequent calendar year. 
 
 (C) If the Participant's surviving spouse is not the Participant's sole designated Beneficiary, the designated Beneficiary's remaining life expectancy is calculated using the age of the Beneficiary in the year following the year of the Participant's death, reduced by one for each subsequent year. 
 
 (ii) No Designated Beneficiary. If the Participant dies on or after the date distributions begin and there is no designated Beneficiary as of the September 30 of the year after the year of the Participant's death, the minimum amount that will be distributed for each distribution calendar year after the year of the Participant's death is the quotient obtained by dividing the Participant's Account balance by the Participant's remaining life expectancy calculated using the age of the Participant in the year of death, reduced by one for each subsequent year. 
 
 (2) Death Before Date Distributions Begin. 
 
 (i) Participant Survived by Designated Beneficiary. If the Participant dies before the date distributions begin and there is a designated Beneficiary, the minimum amount that will be distributed for each distribution calendar year after the year of the Participant's death is the quotient obtained by dividing the Participant's Account balance by the remaining life expectancy of the Participant's designated Beneficiary, determined as provided in Subsection (d)(1). 
 
 51 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 7 DISTRIBUTIONS 

(ii) No Designated Beneficiary. If the Participant dies before the date distributions begin and there is no designated Beneficiary as of September 30 of the year following the year of the Participant's death, distribution of the Participant's entire interest will be completed by December 31 of the calendar year containing the fifth anniversary of the Participant's death. 
 
 (iii) Death of Surviving Spouse Before Distributions to Surviving Spouse Are Required to Begin. If the Participant dies before the date distributions begin, the Participant's surviving spouse is the Participant's sole designated Beneficiary, and the surviving spouse dies before distributions are required to begin to the surviving spouse under Subsection (b)(2)(i), this Subsection (d)(2) will apply as if the surviving spouse were the Participant. 
 
 (3) The amount of the Required Minimum Distribution shall include the amount payable under a QLAC that has passed its annuity starting date (as defined in the QLAC). 
 
 (e) Definitions. 
 
 (1) Designated Beneficiary. The individual who is designated by the Participant (or the Participant's surviving spouse) as the Beneficiary of the Participant's interest under the Plan and who is the designated Beneficiary under Code section 401(a)(9) and Treas. Reg. section 1.401(a)(9)-4. 
 
 (2) Distribution Calendar Year. A calendar year for which a minimum distribution is required. For distributions beginning before the Participant's death, the first distribution calendar year is the calendar year immediately preceding the calendar year which contains the Participant's Required Beginning Date. For distributions beginning after the Participant's death, the first distribution calendar year is the calendar year in which distributions are required to begin under Subsection (b)(2). The required minimum distribution for the Participant's first distribution calendar year will be made on or before the Participant's Required Beginning Date. The required minimum distribution for other distribution calendar years, including the required minimum distribution for the distribution calendar year in which the Participant's Required Beginning Date occurs, will be made on or before December 31 of that distribution calendar year. 
 
 (3) Life expectancy. Life expectancy is computed by use of the Single Life Table in Treas. Reg. section 1.401(a)(9)-9, Q&A-1. 
 
 (4) Participant's Account Balance. The Account balance as of the last Valuation Date in the calendar year immediately preceding the distribution calendar year (valuation calendar year) increased by the amount of any contributions made and allocated or forfeitures allocated to the Account as of dates in the valuation calendar year after the Valuation Date and decreased by (i) distributions made in the valuation calendar year after the Valuation Date and (ii) any amount held in a QLAC that has not reached its annuity starting date (as defined in the QLAC). The Account balance for the valuation calendar year includes any amounts rolled over or transferred to the Plan either in the valuation calendar year or in the distribution calendar year if distributed or transferred in the valuation calendar year. 
 
 (f) TEFRA Section 242(b)(2) Elections. 
 
 (1) Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan to the contrary and subject to the requirements of Section 7.10, distribution on behalf of any Employee, including a More Than 5 Owner, who has made a designation under section 242(b)(2) of the Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act (a section 242(b)(2) election may be made in accordance with all of the following requirements (regardless of when such distribution commences) 
 
 (i) The distribution by the Plan is one which would not have disqualified such plan under Code section 401(a)(9) as in effect prior to amendment by the Deficit Reduction Act of 1984. 
 
 (ii) The distribution is in accordance with a method of distribution designated by the Employee whose interest in the Plan is being distributed or, if the Employee is deceased, by a Beneficiary of such Employee. 
 
 (iii) Such designation was in writing, was signed by the Employee or the Beneficiary, and was made 
 before January 1, 1984. 
 
 52 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 7 DISTRIBUTIONS 

(iv) The Employee had accrued a benefit under the Plan as of December 31, 1983. 
 
 (v) The method of distribution designated by the Employee or the Beneficiary specifies the time at which distribution will commence, the period over which distributions will be made, and in the case of any distribution upon the Employee's death, the Beneficiaries of the Employee listed in order of priority. 
 
 (2) A distribution upon death will not be covered by this transitional rule unless the information in the designation contains the required information described above with respect to the distributions to be made upon the death of the Employee. 
 
 (3) For any distribution which commences before January 1, 1984, but continues after December 31, 1983, the Employee, or the Beneficiary, to whom such distribution is being made, will be presumed to have designated the method of distribution under which the distribution is being made if the method of distribution was specified in writing and the distribution satisfies the requirements in Subsections (f)(1)(i) and (v). 
 
 (4) If a designation is revoked, any subsequent distribution must satisfy the requirements of Code section 401(a)(9) and the regulations thereunder. If a designation is revoked subsequent to the date distributions are required to begin, the Plan must distribute by the end of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the revocation occurs the total amount not yet distributed which would have been required to have been distributed to satisfy Code section 401(a)(9) and the regulations thereunder, but for the section 242(b)(2) election. For calendar years beginning after December 31, 1988, such distributions must meet the minimum distribution incidental benefit requirements. Any changes in the designation will be considered to be a revocation of the designation. However, the mere substitution or addition of another Beneficiary (one not named in the designation) under the designation will not be considered to be a revocation of the designation, so long as such substitution or addition does not alter the period over which distributions are to be made under the designation, directly or indirectly (for example, by altering the relevant measuring life). 
 
 (5) In the case in which an amount is transferred or rolled over from one plan to another plan, the rules in Treas. Reg. section 1.401(a)(9)-8, Q&A-14 and Q&A-15, shall apply. 
 
 (g) Application of Five-Year Rule. 
 
 (1) To the extent permitted in Section 7.02(b), if the Participant dies before distributions are required to begin and there is a designated Beneficiary, distributions to the designated Beneficiary are not required to begin by the date specified in Subsection (b)(2), but the Participant's entire interest may be distributed to the designated Beneficiary by December 31 of the calendar year containing the fifth anniversary of the Participant's death. If the Participant's surviving spouse is the Participant's sole designated Beneficiary and the surviving spouse dies after the Participant but before distributions to either the Participant or the surviving spouse begin, this election will apply as if the surviving spouse were the Participant. 
 
 (2) To the extent permitted in Section 7.02(b), Participants or Beneficiaries may elect on an individual basis whether the 5-year rule or the life expectancy rule in Subsections (b)(2), (d)(2) and (g)(1) applies to distributions after the death of a Participant who has a designated Beneficiary. The election must be made no later than the earlier of September 30 of the calendar year in which distributions would be required to begin under Subsections (b)(2), or by September 30 of the calendar year which contains the fifth anniversary of the Participant's (or, if applicable, surviving spouse's) death. If neither the Participant nor Beneficiary makes an election under this paragraph, distributions will be made in accordance with Subsections (b)(2), (d)(2) and (g)(1). 
 
 Section 7.06 DIRECT ROLLOVERS 
 
 (a) In General. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary that would otherwise limit a distributee's election under this part, a distributee may elect, at the time and in the manner prescribed by the Plan Administrator, to have any portion of an eligible rollover distribution that is equal to at least 500 (or such lesser amount as determined by the Plan Administrator in a nondiscriminatory manner) paid directly to an eligible retirement plan specified by the distributee in a direct rollover. If an eligible rollover distribution is less than 500 (or such lesser amount as determined by the Plan Administrator in a 
 
 53 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 7 DISTRIBUTIONS 

nondiscriminatory manner), a distributee may not make the election described in the preceding sentence to roll over a portion of the eligible rollover distribution. This Paragraph shall be subject to Code sections 401(a)(31) and 402(f) Treas. Reg. sections 1.401(a)(31)-1, 1.402(c)-2 and 1.401(k)-1(f) and IRS Notices 2005-5, 2008-30, 2009-69, and 2009-75. 
 
 A non-spouse Beneficiary who is a designated Beneficiary within the meaning of Code section 401(a)(9)(E) may, after the death of the Participant, make a direct rollover of a distribution to an IRA established on behalf of the designated Beneficiary provided the distributed amount satisfies all of the requirements to be an eligible rollover distribution other than the requirement that the distribution be made to the Participant or the Participant's spouse. Such direct rollovers shall be subject to the terms and conditions of IRS Notice 2007-7 and superseding guidance, including but not limited to the provision in Q&A-17 regarding required minimum distributions. The distributions described in this Paragraph shall be subject to Code sections 401(a)(31), 402(f) and 3405(c). 
 
 (b) Definitions. 
 
 (1) Eligible Rollover Distribution. An eligible rollover distribution is any distribution of all or any portion of the balance to the credit of the distributee, except that an eligible rollover distribution does not include any distribution that is one of a series of substantially equal periodic payments (not less frequently than annually) made for the life (or life expectancy) of the distributee or the joint lives (or joint life expectancies) of the distributee and the distributee's designated Beneficiary, or for a specified period of ten years or more any distribution to the extent such distribution is required under Code section 401(a)(9) any hardship distribution the portion of any other distribution(s) that is not includible in gross income (determined without regard to the exclusion for net unrealized appreciation with respect to employer securities) and any other distribution(s) that is reasonably expected to total less than 200 (or such lesser amount as determined by the Plan Administrator in a nondiscriminatory manner) during a year. For purposes of the 200 rule in the preceding sentence, a distribution from a Roth Elective Deferral Account and a distribution from other Accounts under the Plan are treated as made under separate plans. 
 
 A portion of a distribution shall not fail to be an eligible rollover distribution merely because the portion consists of after-tax Employee contributions which are not includible in gross income. However, such portion may be transferred only to an individual retirement account or annuity described in Code section 408(a) or (b), an annuity contract described in Code section 403(b), or to a qualified defined contribution plan described in Code section 401(a) or 403(a) that agrees to separately account for amounts so transferred, including separately accounting for the portion of such distribution which is includible in gross income and the portion of such distribution which is not so includible. 
 
 (2) Eligible Retirement Plan. An eligible retirement plan is an eligible plan under Code section 457(b) which is maintained by a state, political subdivision of a state, or any agency or instrumentality of a state or political subdivision of a state and which agrees to separately account for amounts transferred into such plan from this Plan, an individual retirement account described in Code section 408(a), individual retirement annuity described in Code section 408(b), an annuity plan described in Code section 403(a), an annuity contract described in Code section 403(b), or a qualified plan described in Code section 401(a), that accepts the distributee's eligible rollover distribution. The definition of eligible retirement plan shall also apply in the case of a distribution to a surviving spouse, or to a spouse or former spouse who is the Alternate Payee under a Qualified Domestic Relations Order, as defined in Code section 414(p). 
 
 If any portion of an eligible rollover distribution is attributable to payments or distributions from a Roth Elective Deferral Account, an eligible retirement plan shall only include another Roth elective deferral account under an applicable retirement plan described in Code section 402A(e)(1) or to a Roth IRA described in Code section 408A and only to the extent the rollover is permitted under the rules of Code section 402(c). The Plan will not provide for a direct rollover (including an automatic rollover) for distributions from a Participant's Roth Elective Deferral Account if the amount of the distributions that are eligible rollover distributions are reasonably expected to total less than 200 (or such lesser amount as determined by the Plan Administrator in a nondiscriminatory manner) during a year. In addition, if elected by the Plan Administrator in a nondiscriminatory manner, any distribution from a Participant's Roth Elective Deferral Account is not taken into account in determining whether distributions from a Participant's other Accounts are reasonably expected to total less than 200 during a year. The provisions of this Section that allow a Participant to elect a direct rollover of only a portion of an eligible rollover distribution but only if the amount rolled over is at least 500 are applied by treating any amount distributed from the Participant's Roth Elective Deferral Account as a separate distribution from any amount distributed from the Participant's other Accounts in the Plan, even if the amounts are distributed at the same time. 
 
 54 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 7 DISTRIBUTIONS 

(3) Distributee. A distributee includes an Employee or former Employee. In addition, the Employee's or former Employee's surviving spouse and the Employee's or former Employee's spouse or former spouse who is the Alternate Payee under a Qualified Domestic Relations Order, as defined in Code section 414(p), are distributees with regard to the interest of the spouse or former spouse. 
 
 (4) Direct Rollover. A direct rollover is a payment by the Plan to the eligible retirement plan specified by the 
 distributee. 
 
 (c) Automatic Rollovers. In the event of a force-out distribution greater than 1,000 (or such lesser amount as determined by the Plan Administrator in a nondiscriminatory manner) in accordance with the provisions of Section 7.03(a), if the Participant does not elect to have such distribution paid directly to an eligible retirement plan specified by the Participant in a direct rollover or to receive the distribution directly in accordance with Section 7.02, then the Plan Administrator will pay the distribution in a direct rollover to an individual retirement plan designated by the Plan Administrator. Unless otherwise elected in the Adoption Agreement, the portion of the Participant's distribution attributable to any Rollover Contribution is included in determining whether the total amount of the Participant's Account balances under the Plan exceeds 1,000 for purposes of mandatory distributions from the Plan. Eligible rollover distributions from a Participant's Roth Elective Deferral Account are separately taken into account in determining whether the total amount of the Participant's Account balances under the Plan exceeds 1,000 for purposes of mandatory distributions from the Plan. 
 
 Section 7.07 MINOR OR LEGALLY INCOMPETENT PAYEE 
 
 If a distribution is to be made to an individual who is either a minor or legally incompetent, the Plan Administrator may direct that such distribution be paid to the legal guardian. If a distribution is to be made to such person and there is no legal guardian, the Plan Administrator may direct that payment be made to (a) a parent of a minor, (b) a person holding a power of attorney (c) a person authorized to act on behalf of such person under state law, or (d) the custodian for such person under the Uniform Transfer to Minors Act, if such is permitted by the laws of the state in which such minor resides. Such payment shall fully discharge the Trustee, Plan Administrator, Trust, and the Employer from further liability on account thereof. 
 
 Section 7.08 MISSING PAYEE 
 
 If all or any portion of the distribution payable to a Participant or Beneficiary remains unpaid because the Plan Administrator has been unable to ascertain the whereabouts of the Participant or Beneficiary after making reasonable efforts to contact the Participant or Beneficiary (which may include, but not be limited to, using certified mail, checking related plan and employer records, checking with a designated Beneficiary, using a commercial locating service, and using free electronic search tools) the Plan Administrator may use a reasonable method to remove the assets from the Plan that is consistent with ERISA and the Code. Such methods may include, but not be limited to, (a) creating an individual retirement plan designated by the Plan Administrator or (b) the amount so distributable may be treated as a forfeiture under Article 6 hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a claim is subsequently made by the Participant or Beneficiary for the forfeited benefit pursuant to clause (b) of the preceding sentence, such benefit shall be reinstated without any credit or deduction for earnings and losses. Amounts may be forfeited from a Participant's Account under this Section only in the case of a continuing plan (see Section 7.09 for distribution options to missing payees in the event of Plan termination). Amounts forfeited under this Section shall be used pursuant to Section 6.03(d). 
 
 Section 7.09 DISTRIBUTIONS UPON TERMINATION OF PLAN 
 
 Except as provided in Sections 7.10 and 12.03, a Participant shall receive the balance of his Account in a lump sum payment upon termination of the Plan without the establishment of an alternative defined contribution plan (as described in Treas. Reg. section 1.401(k)-1(d)(4)) other than an employee stock ownership plan (as defined in Code section 4975(e) or Code section 409), a simplified employee pension plan (as defined in Code section 408(k)), a SIMPLE IRA Plan (defined in Code section 408(p)), a plan or contract that satisfies the requirements of Code section 403(b), or a plan that is described in Code section 457(b) or (f). If, after a diligent search as described in 7.08, the Plan Administrator is unable to locate any Participant entitled to a distribution, the Plan Administrator will create an individual retirement account in the name of the missing payee as the sole means of distributing the 
 
 55 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 7 DISTRIBUTIONS 

owed balance. For distributions under this Section 7.09 only, the Plan Administrator may take action, including the creation of an individual retirement plan if needed, without regard to the value of a Participant's vested balance. 
 
 Section 7.10 JOINT AND SURVIVOR ANNUITIES 
 
 (a) Application. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, this Section shall apply if (1) the Adoption Agreement used in conjunction with this Basic Plan Document provides for a Money Purchase Pension Plan or a Target Benefit Plan (2) the normal form of benefit selected in the Adoption Agreement is a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity (3) if a Participant elects benefits in the form of a single life annuity (4) to the portion of the Participant's Transfer Account attributable to funds subject to the survivor annuity requirements of Code section 401(a)(11) and section 417 that were transferred from another plan (or to such other Accounts if the amounts were subject to such survivor annuities and were not separately accounted for) (5) a Participant elects to invest in a deferred annuity contract whereby the Participant may not transfer amounts out of the contract and may not elect a single-sum distribution or (6) a Participant with investments in a deferred annuity contract that allows transfers or the selection of a single-sum distribution does not either (a) transfer amounts invested in the contract to another investment option or 
 (b) elect a single-sum payment under the contract prior to the annuity starting date under the contract. This Section shall only apply if the Participant's Account exceeds 5,000 (or such lesser amount specified in the Adoption Agreement) at the time such individual becomes entitled to a distribution hereunder (or at any subsequent time established by the Plan Administrator to the extent provided in applicable Treasury Regulations). If elected in the Adoption Agreement, for purposes of this Section 7.10(a), the Participant's vested Account balance shall not include that portion of the Account balance that is attributable to Rollover Contributions (and earnings allocable thereto) within the meaning of Code sections 402(c), 403(a)(4), 403(b)(8), 408(d)(3)(A)(ii), and 457(e)(16). 
 
 (b) Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity. Unless otherwise elected pursuant to Subsection (d) below, a Participant's vested Account balance, to the extent provided in Subsection (a) above, will be paid to him by the purchase and delivery of an annuity in the form of a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity. To the extent that the Plan must offer a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity, the Plan shall also offer a Qualified Optional Survivor Annuity as another optional form of benefit. 
 
 A Participant may waive the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity during a period that begins on the first day of the 180-day period ending on the Annuity Starting Date and ends on the later of the Annuity Starting Date or the 30th day after the Plan Administrator provides the Participant with a written explanation of the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity. The Plan Administrator shall no less than 30 days and no more than 180 days prior to the Annuity Starting Date provide each Participant a written explanation of (1) the terms and conditions of a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity (2) the Participant's right to make and the effect of an election to waive the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity form of benefit (3) the rights of a Participant's spouse (4) the right to make, and the effect of, a revocation of a previous election to waive the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity and (5) the relative values of the various optional forms of benefits under the Plan pursuant to Treas. Reg. section 1.417(a)(3)-1(c)(2)(iv). 
 
 The Annuity Starting Date for a distribution in a form other than a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity may be less than 30 days after receipt of the written explanation described in the preceding paragraph provided (1) the Participant has been provided with information that clearly indicates that the Participant has at least 30 days to consider whether to waive the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity and elect (with spousal consent) a form of distribution other than a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity 
 (2) the Participant is permitted to revoke any affirmative distribution election at least until the Annuity Starting Date or, if later, at any time prior to the expiration of the 7-day period that begins the day after the explanation of the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity is provided to the Participant and (3) the Annuity Starting Date is a date after the date that the written explanation was provided to the Participant. 
 
 (c) Qualified Preretirement Survivor Annuity. Unless otherwise elected within the applicable election period and to the extent provided in Subsection (a) above, if a Participant dies before the Annuity Starting Date then at least 50 of the Participant's vested Account balance shall be applied toward the purchase of an annuity for the life of the surviving spouse which shall be distributed to the spouse. The surviving spouse may direct the commencement of payments under the qualified preretirement survivor annuity within a reasonable time after the Participant's death. The terms of such annuity contract shall comply with the provisions of this Plan and the annuity contract shall be nontransferable. The applicable election period shall be the period which begins on the first day of the Plan Year in which the Participant attains age 35 and ends on the date of the Participant's death. If a Participant separates from service prior to the first day of the Plan Year in which he attains age 35, the election period shall begin on the date of separation. A Participant who has not yet attained age 35 may waive the annuity specified in this 
 
 56 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 7 DISTRIBUTIONS 

Subsection (c) provided that (1) the Participant receives a written explanation pursuant to the following paragraph and (2) such election is not effective as of the first day of the Plan Year in which the Participant attains age 35. Any new waiver on or after such date shall be subject to the full requirements of this Subsection. Notwithstanding anything in this Section to the contrary, the surviving spouse may elect, in writing, to have the Account balance be distributed pursuant to Section 7.02(b). 
 
 The Plan Administrator shall provide each Participant within the applicable period for such Participant a written explanation of the annuity described in this Subsection (c) in such terms and in such manner as would be comparable to the explanation provided for meeting the requirements of Subsection (b) applicable to a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity. The applicable period for a Participant is whichever of the following periods ends last (1) the period beginning with the first day of the Plan Year in which the Participant attains age 32 and ending with the close of the Plan Year preceding the Plan Year in which the Participant attains age 35 (2) a reasonable period ending after the individual becomes a Participant or (3) within a reasonable period ending after Termination of Employment in the case of a Participant who separates from service before attaining age 35. 
 
 For purposes of applying the preceding paragraph, a reasonable period ending after the enumerated events described in (2) and (3) is the end of the two-year period beginning one year prior to the date the applicable event occurs, and ending one year after that date. If a Participant who separates from service before the Plan Year in which he attains age 35 thereafter returns to employment with the Employer, the applicable period for such Participant shall be redetermined. 
 
 (d) Elections. Any waiver of the annuities described in Subsections (b) and (c) above shall not be effective unless (1) the Participant's spouse consents in writing to the election (2) the election designates a specific Beneficiary, including any class of Beneficiaries or any contingent Beneficiaries, which may not be changed without spousal consent (or the spouse expressly permits designations by the Participant without any further spousal consent) (3) the spouse's consent acknowledges the effect of the election and (4) the spouse's consent is witnessed by a Plan representative or notary public. Additionally, a Participant's waiver of the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity shall not be effective unless the election designates a form of benefit payment which may not be changed without spousal consent (or the spouse expressly permits designations by the Participant without any further spousal consent). If it is established to the satisfaction of a Plan representative that there is no spouse (within the meaning of Code section 417) or that the spouse cannot be located, a waiver will be deemed a qualified election. 
 
 Any consent by a spouse obtained under this provision (or establishment that the consent of a spouse may not be obtained) shall be effective only with respect to such spouse. A consent that permits designations by the Participant without any requirement of further consent by such spouse must acknowledge that the spouse has the right to limit consent to a specific Beneficiary, and a specific form of benefit where applicable, and that the spouse voluntarily elects to relinquish either or both such rights. A revocation of a prior waiver may be made by a Participant without the consent of the spouse at any time before the commencement of benefits. The number of revocations shall not be limited. No consent obtained under this provision shall be valid unless the Participant has received notice as provided in Subsections (b) and (c). 
 
 For purposes of determining a Participant's spouse, the Plan Administrator shall apply the one-year rule in Code section 417(d), Treas. Reg. section 1.401(a)-20 to the extent selected in the Adoption Agreement. The person to whom the Participant is married as of the Annuity Starting Date is the spouse who is entitled to QJSA coverage. 
 57 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 8 IN-SERVICE DISTRIBUTIONS AND LOANS 

ARTICLE 8 IN-SERVICE DISTRIBUTIONS AND LOANS 

Section 8.01 HARDSHIP 
 
 (a) Hardship. A Participant may receive a distribution on account of hardship from the Accounts specified in the Adoption Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, if the Adoption Agreement permits a hardship distribution from an Account, the amount available for a hardship distribution from such Account shall include any amounts grandfathered under Treas. Reg. section 1.401(k)-1(d)(3)(ii)(B). 
 
 (b) Hardship - Safe Harbor. If the Adoption Agreement provides that the Plan has adopted safe harbor criteria for hardship withdrawal, the following shall apply 
 
 (1) Immediate and Heavy Financial Need. A hardship distribution shall only be made upon the finding by the Plan Administrator of an immediate and heavy financial need where such Participant lacks other available resources. The following are the only financial needs considered immediate and heavy 
 
 (A) Expenses for (or necessary to obtain) medical care that would be deductible under Code section 213(d) (determined without regard to whether the expenses exceed 7.5 of adjusted gross income) for the Employee, or the Employee's spouse, children, or dependents (as defined in Code section 152 without regard to Code sections 152(b)(1), (b)(2) and (d)(1)(B)) 
 
 (B) Costs directly related to the purchase of a principal residence for the Employee (excluding 
 mortgage payments) 
 
 (C) Payment of tuition, related educational fees, and room and board expenses, for up to the next 12 months of post-secondary education for the Employee, or the Employee's spouse, children, or dependents (as defined in Code section 152 without regard to Code sections 152(b)(1), (b)(2) and (d)(1)(B)) 
 
 (D) Payments necessary to prevent the eviction of the Employee from the Employee's principal residence or foreclosure on the mortgage on that residence 
 
 (E) Payments for burial or funeral expenses for the Employee's deceased parent, spouse, children or dependents (as defined in Code section 152 without regard to Code section 152(d)(1)(B)) 
 
 (F) Expenses for the repair of damage to the Employee's principal residence that would qualify for the casualty deduction under Code section 165 (determined without regard to whether the loss exceeds 10 of adjusted gross income) and 
 
 (G) Other expenses as provided by the Commissioner as specified in Treas. Reg. section 
 1.401(k)-1(d)(3)(v). 
 
 (2) Amount Necessary to Satisfy Need. A distribution will be considered as necessary to satisfy an immediate and heavy financial need of the Participant only if 
 
 (A) The distribution is not in excess of the amount of the immediate and heavy financial need (including amounts necessary to pay any federal, state or local income taxes or penalties reasonably anticipated to result from the distribution) 
 
 (B) The Participant has obtained all distributions, other than hardship distributions, and all nontaxable loans under all plans maintained by the Employer and 
 
 58 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 8 IN-SERVICE DISTRIBUTIONS AND LOANS 

(C) Provided any amount is removed from the Participant's Elective Deferral Account, all plans maintained by the Employer provide that the Participant's Elective Deferrals (and after tax contributions) will be suspended for 6 months after the receipt of the hardship distribution. 
 
 (c) Hardship - Non Safe Harbor. If the Adoption Agreement provides that the Plan has adopted the non-safe harbor criteria for hardship for permitted Accounts, the following shall apply 
 
 (1) Immediate and Heavy Financial Need. A hardship distribution shall only be made upon the finding by the Plan Administrator of an immediate and heavy financial need where such Participant lacks other available resources. Whether a Participant has an immediate and heavy financial need is to be determined based on all relevant facts and circumstances. The need to pay the funeral expenses of a family member would constitute an immediate and heavy financial need and a distribution made to a Participant for the purchase of a boat or television would not constitute a distribution made on account of an immediate and heavy financial need. A financial need may be immediate and heavy even if it was reasonably foreseeable or voluntarily incurred by the Participant. 
 
 (2) Amount Necessary to Satisfy Need. A distribution is not treated as necessary to satisfy an immediate and heavy financial need of a Participant to the extent the amount of the distribution is in excess of the amount required to relieve the financial need or to the extent the need may be satisfied from other resources that are reasonably available to the Participant. This determination generally is to be made on the basis of all relevant facts and circumstances. For purposes of this Subsection, the Participant's resources are deemed to include those assets of the Participant's spouse and minor children that are reasonably available to the Participant. A vacation home jointly owned (regardless of the nature of legal title) by the Participant and the Participant's spouse will be deemed a resource of the Participant. However, property held for the Participant's child under an irrevocable trust or under the Uniform Gifts to Minors Act is not treated as a resource of the Participant. The amount of an immediate and heavy financial need may include any amounts necessary to pay any federal, state, or local income taxes or penalties reasonably anticipated to result from the distribution. A distribution generally may be treated as necessary to satisfy a financial need if the Employer relies upon the Participant's written representation, unless the Employer has actual knowledge to the contrary, that the need cannot reasonably be relieved 
 
 (A) Through reimbursement or compensation by insurance or otherwise 
 
 (B) By liquidation of the Participant's assets 
 
 (C) By cessation of all Participant contributions under the Plan 
 
 (D) By other currently available distributions (including distribution of ESOP dividends under Code section 404(k)) and nontaxable (at the time of the loan) loans, under plans maintained by the Employer or by any other employer or 
 
 (E) By borrowing from commercial sources on reasonable commercial terms in an amount sufficient 
 to satisfy the need. 
 
 For purposes of this Subsection, a need cannot reasonably be relieved by one of the actions listed above if the effect would be to increase the amount of the need. For example, the need for funds to purchase a principal residence cannot reasonably be relieved by a Plan loan if the loan would disqualify the Employee from obtaining other necessary financing. 
 
 Section 8.02 SPECIFIED AGE SPECIFIED AGE AND SERVICE 
 
 (a) A Participant may receive a distribution on attainment of a specified age from the Accounts specified in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 (b) A Participant may receive a distribution on attainment of a specified age and service from the Accounts specified in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 Section 8.03 OTHER WITHDRAWALS 
 
 59 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 8 IN-SERVICE DISTRIBUTIONS AND LOANS 

(a) After a Period Certain. To the extent provided in the Adoption Agreement, a Participant may receive a distribution from his Matching Contribution Account and his Non-Elective Contribution Account which has accumulated for at least twenty-four 
 (24) months and an individual who has been a Participant for five (5) or more Plan Years shall be entitled to receive a distribution of his Matching Contribution Account and Non-Elective Contribution Account regardless of the length of time the funds have accumulated. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant may receive a distribution from his Matching Contribution Account only to the extent such Account has not been used to satisfy the requirements of Code sections 401(k)(12) or 401(k)(13) or 401(m)(11) or 401(m)(12) or to the extent such contributions have not been treated as Qualified Matching Contributions. 
 
 (b) At Any Time. To the extent provided in the Adoption Agreement, a Participant may receive a distribution from his Voluntary Contribution Account and his Rollover Contribution Account at any time. 
 
 (c) Qualified Reservist Distributions. To the extent Qualified Reservist Distributions are provided for in the Adoption Agreement, as provided in Code section 72(t)(2)(G)(iii), Notice 2010-15 and any superseding guidance, the following shall apply 
 
 (1) For purposes of Code section 401(k)(2)(B)(i) (distributions of Elective Deferrals), a Participant who is a member of the reserves who has been ordered or called to active duty for a period of more than 179 days or for an indefinite period may receive a distribution during such active duty period. 
 
 (d) Deemed Severance Distributions. To the extent Deemed Severance Distributions are provided for in the Adoption Agreement, as provided in Code section 414(u)(12)(B), Notice 2010-15 and any superseding guidance, the following shall apply 
 
 (1) For purposes of Code section 401(k)(2)(B)(i)(I) (distributions of Elective Deferrals), a Participant performing service in the uniformed services while on active duty for a period of more than 30 days will be treated as having terminated from employment during any period the Participant is performing services described in Code section 3401(h)(2)(A). 
 
 (2) If a Participant elects to receive a distribution by reason of Subsection (d), the Participant may not make an Elective Deferral or Voluntary Contribution during the 6-month period beginning on the date of distribution. 
 
 Section 8.04 TRANSFER ACCOUNT 
 
 In addition to the foregoing a Participant may receive a distribution from his Transfer Account, to the extent applicable, as permitted under the terms of any plan from which funds in such Account were transferred to the extent that such optional forms of benefit must be preserved pursuant to Code section 411(d)(6) and to the extent permitted in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 Section 8.05 RULES REGARDING IN-SERVICE DISTRIBUTIONS 
 
 (a) In General. This Section shall apply only to the extent that in-service withdrawals are otherwise permitted pursuant to this Article 8. 
 
 (b) Form, Frequency, and Amount of Withdrawal. Unless otherwise provided in the Adoption Agreement, all distributions of amounts withdrawn pursuant to this Article 8 may be made in any form permitted by the Plan Administrator. The Plan Administrator may establish uniform procedures that include, but are not limited to, prescribing limitations on the frequency and minimum amount of withdrawals. 
 
 (c) Ordering Rule. The Plan Administrator shall determine the ordering rule for in-service distributions. Such ordering rule may provide that the Participant may elect to have payments made first or last from his Roth Elective Deferral Account or Voluntary Contribution Account or in any combination of such Accounts and any other Account, to the extent permitted by the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 (d) Transfer Account. A Participant may receive a distribution from the vested portion of his Transfer Account only to the extent such Account was not transferred from a qualified plan subject to Code section 412, to the extent Section 8.04 applies or to the extent the Adoption Agreement permits distributions to be made to a Participant who has attained age 62 and who has not separated from employment. 
 
 60 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 8 IN-SERVICE DISTRIBUTIONS AND LOANS 

(e) Spousal Consent. If Section 7.10 applies to the Account distributed a Participant must obtain the consent of his or her spouse, if any, to obtain an Account balance as an in-service distribution. Spousal consent shall be obtained no earlier than the beginning of the 180-day period that ends on the date on which the in-service distribution is to be so secured. The consent must be in writing, must acknowledge the effect of the in-service distribution, and must be witnessed by a Plan representative or notary public. Such consent shall thereafter be binding with respect to the consenting spouse or any subsequent spouse with respect to that in-service distribution. 
 
 Section 8.06 LOANS 
 
 The Plan Administrator, it its discretion, may permit Participants to apply for a loan from the Plan. The provisions of Code section 72(p) and Treas. Reg. section 1.72(p)-1 shall apply to the Plan and are hereby incorporated by reference. The Plan Administrator is authorized to adopt any administrative rules or procedures that it deems necessary or appropriate with respect to the granting and administering of loans or may use the default provisions under this Section. 
 
 (a) Eligible Participants. The Plan Administrator may provide that a loan may only be granted for the purpose of enabling the Participant to meet a financial hardship or an unusual or special situation in his financial affairs. Loans shall only be granted pursuant to the terms of this Section to persons who the Plan Administrator determines have the ability to repay the loan. Loans shall not be made available to Participants who are or were Highly Compensated Employees in an amount greater than the amount available to other Participants, and loans shall be made available to all Participants on a nondiscriminatory and reasonably equivalent basis. 
 
 (b) Maximum Loan Amount. No loan to any Participant can be made to the extent that such loan when added to the outstanding balance of all other loans to the Participant would exceed the lesser of 
 
 (1) 50,000 reduced by the excess (if any) of the highest outstanding balance of loans during the one-year period ending on the day before the loan is made, over the outstanding balance of loans from the Plan on the date the loan is made or 
 
 (2) one-half the present value of the vested Account balance of the Participant or, if greater and so provided by the Plan Administrator, the total vested Account balance up to 10,000 provided that additional security is given to the extent such loan exceeds 50 of the vested Account balance. 
 
 For the purpose of the above limitation, all loans from all qualified plans of the Employer are aggregated. 
 
 (c) Loan Term and Amortization. Any loan shall by its terms require that repayment (principal and interest) be amortized in level payments, not less frequently than quarterly, over a period not extending beyond five years from the date of the loan. If so provided by the Plan Administrator, a loan term may extend beyond five years if the loan is used to acquire a dwelling unit which within a reasonable time (determined at the time the loan is made) will be used as the principal residence of the Participant. 
 
 (d) Minimum Loan Amount - Maximum Number of Loans. The Plan Administrator shall specify a minimum loan amount and the maximum number of loans outstanding at any one time. 
 
 (e) Interest Rate. Interest shall be charged at a rate to be fixed by the Plan Administrator and, in determining the interest rate, the Plan Administrator shall take into consideration interest rates currently being charged on similar commercial loans by persons in the business of lending money. 
 
 (f) Security. All loans shall be secured by no more than one-half of the vested portion of the Participant's Accounts (determined immediately after the origination of the loan) and such additional security as the Plan Administrator may deem necessary. All loans made to Participants under this Section are to be considered Trust investments and shall be segregated as provided in Article 9 hereof unless the Plan Administrator provides otherwise. 
 
 (g) Repayment. Loans shall be repaid in accordance with the foregoing and the Plan Administrator may require as a condition to granting such loan that it be repaid through payroll deductions. Unless the loan note provides otherwise, the principal 
 
 61 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 8 IN-SERVICE DISTRIBUTIONS AND LOANS 

amount of the loan and accrued interest shall become immediately due and payable upon a Termination of Employment. Repayment may be suspended pursuant to Code section 414(u). 
 
 (h) Loan Fees. Fees properly chargeable in connection with a loan may be charged, in accordance with a uniform and nondiscriminatory policy established by the Plan Administrator, against the Account of the Participant to whom the loan is granted. 
 
 (i) Default. In the event of default, foreclosure on the note and attachment of security shall not occur until a distributable event occurs in the Plan. 
 
 (j) Loans to Self-Employed Persons. For Plan loans made before January 1, 2002, no loans will be made to any shareholder-employee or owner-employee. For purposes of this requirement, a shareholder-employee means an employee or officer of an electing small business (Subchapter S) corporation who owns (or is considered as owning within the meaning of Code section 318(a)(1), on any day during the taxable year of such corporation, more than 5 of the outstanding stock of the corporation. An owner-employee means, if the Employer is a sole proprietorship, an individual who is the sole proprietor, or, if the Employer is a partnership, a partner owning more than 10 of either the capital or profits interest of the partnership. 
 
 (k) Ordering Rule. The Plan Administrator shall determine from which Accounts a Participant may receive a loan and the ordering rule for loans. Such ordering rule may provide that the Participant may elect to have loans made first or last from his Roth Elective Deferral Account or Voluntary Contribution Account or in any combination of such Accounts and any other Account. 
 
 (l) Spousal Consent. If Section 7.10 applies or if so provided by the Plan Administrator, a Participant must obtain the consent of his or her spouse, if any, to use the Account balance as security for a loan. Spousal consent shall be obtained no earlier than the beginning of the 180-day period that ends on the date on which the loan is to be so secured. The consent must be in writing, must acknowledge the effect of the loan, and must be witnessed by a Plan representative or notary public. Such consent shall thereafter be binding with respect to the consenting spouse or any subsequent spouse with respect to that loan. A new consent shall be required if the Account balance is used for renegotiation, extension, renewal, or other revision of the loan. 
 
 If Section 7.10 applies and a valid spousal consent has been obtained, then, notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, the portion of the Participant's vested Account balance used as a security interest held by the Plan by reason of a loan outstanding to the Participant shall be taken into account for purposes of determining the amount of the Account balance payable at the time of death or distribution, but only if the reduction is used as repayment of the loan. If less than 100 of the Participant's vested Account balance (determined without regard to the preceding sentence) is payable to the surviving spouse, then the Account balance shall be adjusted by first reducing the vested Account balance by the amount of the security used as repayment of the loan, and then determining the benefit payable to the surviving spouse. 
 62 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 9 INVESTMENT AND TRUST VALUATION 

ARTICLE 9 INVESTMENT AND TRUST VALUATION 

Section 9.01 INVESTMENT OF ASSETS 
 
 All existing assets of the Trust and all future contributions shall be invested in accordance with the terms of this Article 9. All assets of the Trust may be commingled for investment purposes with the assets of any retirement plan which is maintained by the Employer and which qualifies under Code section 401(a) and may be held as a single fund under one or more trust instruments provided that the value of each plan's assets can be determined at any time. The assets allocable to each such plan shall in no event be used for the benefit of Participants in the other plans. 
 
 Section 9.02 PARTICIPANT SELF-DIRECTION 
 
 (a) In General. To the extent provided for in the Adoption Agreement, the Plan Administrator may permit Participants to direct the investment of their Accounts pursuant to this Section 9.02. Any Participant self-direction shall be made pursuant to such uniform guidelines and procedures as the Plan Administrator may establish from time to time. 
 
 (b) Investment Elections. To the extent provided in Subsection (a), each Participant shall direct in the form and manner and at the time or times prescribed by the Plan Administrator the percentage of the applicable Accounts to be invested in one or more of the available Investment Funds, subject to such rules and limitations as the Plan Administrator may prescribe. After the death of the Participant, a Beneficiary shall be entitled to make investment elections as if the Beneficiary were the Participant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Plan Administrator may restrict investment transfers to the extent required to comply with applicable law. 
 
 (c) Loans. If the Adoption Agreement does not permit Participant self-direction, any assets that are held in the form of a Participant loan made pursuant to Article 8 shall be treated as a segregated investment unless otherwise provided by the Plan Administrator. 
 
 (d) Right to Divest Publicly Traded Employer Securities. This Subsection shall apply to the extent that the Plan holds publicly traded employer securities and shall be interpreted in accordance with Code section 401(a)(35)(H), IRS Notice 2006-107, Treas. Reg. section 1.401(a)(35)-1. This Subsection shall not apply if the Plan is a one-participant plan. 
 
 (1) Right to Divest. An applicable individual may elect to direct the Plan to divest any publicly traded employer securities held in the applicable portion of his or her Account and to reinvest an equivalent amount in other investment options offered under the Plan. This diversification right only applies to publicly traded employer securities that are held in the Account for which the individual meets the definition of applicable individual. The investment options offered shall include not less than three investment options, other than publicly traded employer securities, to which the applicable individual may direct the proceeds of the divestment of such publicly traded employer securities, and each investment option must be diversified and have materially different risk and return characteristics. The opportunity to divest and reinvest shall be offered no less frequently than quarterly. The Plan shall not impose any restrictions or conditions with respect to the investment of publicly traded employer securities in violation of Code section 401(a)(35)(D)(ii)(II). 
 
 (2) Notice. The Plan Administrator shall provide a notice to applicable individuals not later than 30 days before the first date on which the individuals are eligible to exercise their rights. The notice shall describe the diversification rights provided under Code section 401(a)(35) and describe the importance of diversifying the investment of retirement account assets. 
 
 (3) Transition Rules. The transition rules described in IRS Notice 2006-107 (extended by IRS Notice 2008-7) and Code section 401(a)(35)(H) shall apply. 
 
 (4) Definitions. 
 
 (i) The term publicly traded employer securities means employer securities which are readily tradable on an established securities market. Employer securities shall be treated as publicly traded employer securities if any employer corporation, or any member of the controlled group of corporations that includes an employer corporation, has issued a 
 
 63 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 9 INVESTMENT AND TRUST VALUATION 

class of stock that is a publicly traded employer security which is traded on a national securities exchange that is registered under section 6 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or if the security is traded on a foreign national securities exchange that is officially recognized, sanctioned, or supervised by a governmental authority and the security is deemed by the Securities and Exchange Commission as having a ready market under SEC Rule 15c3-1. However, the Plan is not treated as holding employer securities with respect to any securities held by either an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 or a similar pooled investment vehicle that is regulated and subject to periodic examination by a State or Federal agency. 
 
 (ii) The term applicable individual means 
 
 (A) With respect to Elective Deferrals and Employee contributions, including rollovers (and earnings thereon) (1) any Participant, (2) any Alternate Payee who has an Account under the Plan, and (3) any Beneficiary of a deceased Participant. 
 
 (B) With respect to other Employer contributions (and earnings thereon) (1) a Participant who has completed at least three years of service, (2) an Alternate Payee who has an Account under the Plan with respect to a Participant who has completed at least three years of service, or (3) a Beneficiary of a deceased Participant. 
 
 Section 9.03 INDIVIDUAL ACCOUNTS 
 
 To the extent provided in the Adoption Agreement, there shall be maintained on the books of the Plan with respect to each Participant, as applicable, an Elective Deferral Account, Matching Contribution Account (and Qualified Matching Contribution Account), Non-Elective Contribution Account, Pension Contribution Account, Voluntary Contribution Account, Rollover Contribution Account, In-Plan Roth Rollover Account, Qualified Non-Elective Contribution Account, Transfer Account and any other Account established by the Plan Administrator. Each such Account shall separately reflect the Participant's interest in the Trust relating to such Account. Each Participant shall receive, at least annually, or as otherwise required, a statement of his Account. A Participant's interest in the Trust shall be determined and accounted for based on his beneficial interest in such fund. 
 
 Section 9.04 QUALIFYING EMPLOYER INVESTMENTS 
 
 (a) To the extent directed by the Investment Fiduciary, the Trustee may invest up to 10 of the fair market value of the assets of the Trust in qualifying employer securities or qualifying employer real property as those terms are defined in ERISA. 
 
 (1) The limitation of this subsection (a) shall not apply if the investment of employee elective deferrals in qualifying employer securities and qualifying employer real property is at the sole discretion of the Participant. 
 
 (2) The limitation of this subsection (a) shall not apply if the portion of a Participant's elective deferrals which are required to be invested in qualifying employer securities and qualifying employer real property does not exceed 1 of such Participant's Plan Compensation. 
 
 (3) The limitation of this subsection (a) shall not apply if as of the last day of the preceding Plan Year, the fair market value of all assets held in 401(k) or profit sharing plans maintained by the Employer did not exceed 10 of the fair market value of all assets in all plans maintained by the Employer. 
 
 (b) In addition, to the extent provided for in the Adoption Agreement and directed by the Investment Fiduciary, the Trustee may invest up to 100 of the fair market value of the assets of the Trust in qualifying employer securities or qualifying employer real property . This subsection shall not apply to assets that are not eligible individual account plans under section 407 of ERISA and shall not apply to assets subject to section 407(b)(2) of ERISA. 
 
 (c) To the extent provided in the Adoption Agreement, the Employer may limit the accounts from which investments in qualifying employer securities and qualifying employer real property made be made. The Employer may also restrict the distribution options available for investments in qualifying employer securities and qualifying employer real property as described in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 64 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 9 INVESTMENT AND TRUST VALUATION 

(d) To the extent provided in the Adoption Agreement, if an Employee is permitted to invest his or her Rollover Contribution Account in qualifying employer securities or qualifying employer real property any purchase or sale of such investment must be for adequate consideration within the meaning of ERISA section 3(18). 
 
 Section 9.05 ALLOCATION OF EARNINGS AND LOSSES 
 
 (a) Reinvestment. The dividends, capital gains distributions, and other earnings received on the Trust shall be allocated to such fund and reinvested. 
 
 (b) Valuation. The assets of each Investment Fund shall be valued at their current fair market value as of each Valuation Date, and Accounts of each Participant with interests in that Investment Fund shall be credited with such Participant's allocable share of the earnings and losses of each Investment Fund since the immediately preceding Valuation Date. Such allocation shall be done on the basis of such Participant's interest in the applicable Investment Fund. For purposes of the allocation of investment earnings and losses, the Plan Administrator may adjust the value of interests of Investment Funds in Accounts as of the preceding Valuation Date to account for any contributions, distributions or withdrawals that occur after such preceding Valuation Date. 
 
 (c) Allocation to Individual Accounts. The Accounts of each Participant shall be adjusted as of each Valuation Date by 
 (1) reducing such Accounts by any distributions and withdrawals made therefrom since the preceding Valuation Date (2) increasing or reducing such Accounts by the Participant's share of earnings and losses and reasonable fees charged against such Accounts at the direction of the Plan Administrator and (3) crediting such Accounts with any contributions made thereto since the preceding Valuation Date. 
 
 (d) Allocation of Expenses. The Plan Administrator may allocate all, none or any portion of the Plan's expenses to Participant Accounts. When allocating expenses among Participant Accounts, the Plan Administrator may allocate such expenses using any reasonable method that does not violate Title I of ERISA and does not discriminate in favor of Highly Compensated Employees within the meaning of applicable provisions of Code section 401(a)(4). Such methods may include, but not be limited to 
 (1) allocating expenses only to current or former Employees (or among any other classification(s) of Employees) (2) allocating expenses directly to individual Employees (3) allocating expenses using the per capita or pro rata method and (4) any combination of the foregoing. 
 
 (e) Valuation for Distribution. For the purposes of paying the amounts to be distributed to a Participant or Beneficiary pursuant to Articles 7 and 8, the value of the Participant's interest shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of this Article as of the Valuation Date related to the date benefits are paid. 
 
 (f) No Rights Created by Allocation. An allocation of contributions or earnings to the separate Account of a Participant under this Article 9 shall not cause the Participant to have any right, title or interest in any assets of the Plan except at the time and under the terms and conditions expressly provided for in the Plan. 
 
 (g) Dividends and Credits. Any dividends or credits earned on insurance contracts will be allocated to the Participant's Account for whose benefit the contract is held. No contract will be purchased under the Plan unless such contract or a separate definite written agreement between the Employer and the insurer provides that no value under contracts providing benefits under the Plan or credits determined by the insurer (on account of dividends, earnings, or other experience rating credits, or surrender or cancellation credits) with respect to such contracts may be paid or returned to the Employer or diverted to or used for other than the exclusive benefit of the Participants or their Beneficiaries. However, any contribution made by the Employer may be returned to the Employer pursuant to Article 13. 
 
 Section 9.06 VOTING RIGHTS 
 
 To the extent provided by administrative procedure, a Participant and a Beneficiary of a deceased Participant shall have the right to direct the person designated by the Employer (for purposes of this Section the Designee as to the exercise of voting rights with respect to his allocable share of any investment in the Trust that provides for such voting. An individual's allocable share shall be determined in a nondiscriminatory manner in the discretion of the Plan Administrator. As soon as practicable prior to the occasion for the exercise of such voting rights, the Designee shall deliver or cause to be delivered, to each Participant and 
 
 65 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 9 INVESTMENT AND TRUST VALUATION 

Beneficiary of a deceased Participant entitled to vote all notices, prospectuses, financial statements, proxies and proxy soliciting material relating to such investment allocated to the Participant's Account. Instructions by Participants and Beneficiaries to the Designee shall be in such form and pursuant to such regulations as the Plan Administrator shall prescribe. Any such instructions shall remain in the strict confidence of the Designee. Any investments for which no instructions are received by the Designee within such time specified by notice and, unless otherwise required by applicable law, any shares which are not allocated to Participants' Accounts shall be voted in the same proportion that the shares for which instructions are received are voted. With respect to fractional shares for which instructions are received by the Designee, the Designee shall aggregate all such fractional shares for which the same instructions are received into whole shares and shall vote such whole shares as instructed. Any remaining fractional shares shall be voted in the same proportion that the shares for which instructions are received are voted. 
 
 Section 9.07 LIFE INSURANCE 
 
 (a) Purchase of Life Insurance. To the extent provided in the Adoption Agreement, a Participant may request that a portion of his Account be invested in insurance on his life, the life of his spouse, the life (or lives) of his child(ren), the life of a family member, or the life of any person with an insurable interest. If the Plan Administrator, in its discretion, approves such request, it shall direct the Trustee to apply for and be the owner of any insurance contract purchased under the terms of this Section. The insurance contract(s) must provide that proceeds will be payable to the Trust however, the Plan Administrator shall direct the Trustee to pay over all proceeds of the contract(s) to the Participant's Beneficiary in accordance with the distribution provisions of this Plan. The form and type of contract purchased shall be determined by the Plan Administrator. The Plan Administrator may also establish rules that prohibit the purchase of life insurance where the annual premium is estimated to be less than a certain minimum amount. If the Plan Administrator directs the Trustee to borrow against such contracts, such borrowings shall be on a uniform and nondiscriminatory basis. Any discretion shall be exercised in a nondiscriminatory manner. 
 
 (b) Maximum Insurance Amounts. The total premiums paid for a Participant's ordinary life insurance shall be less than 50 of the aggregate Employer contributions allocated to such Participant's Account. If term insurance or universal life insurance is purchased, the aggregate premiums shall not exceed 25 of aggregate Employer contributions allocated to the insured Participant's Account. If both ordinary life insurance and either term insurance or universal life insurance is purchased for a Participant, the aggregate premiums for such term insurance or universal life insurance plus one-half of the total premiums for such ordinary life insurance shall not in the aggregate exceed 25 of the aggregate Employer contributions allocated to the insured Participant's Account. However, the foregoing restrictions shall not apply to funds that may be withdrawn or distributed from the Plan in accordance with applicable law even if such withdrawals distributions are not permitted under the terms of the Plan. 
 
 (c) Beneficiary. The Trust shall be designated as the beneficiary to receive death benefits payable pursuant to the provisions of any life insurance policy purchased pursuant to this Section. Any death proceeds received by the Trust shall be added to the deceased Participant's Account and distributed pursuant to Article 7 hereof. Under no circumstances shall the Trust retain any part of the proceeds. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Plan and the terms of any insurance contract purchased hereunder, the Plan provisions shall control. 
 
 (d) Conversion of Policies. If an insured Participant does not die prior to retirement, the Plan Administrator may direct the Trustee to (1) convert the entire value of any such life insurance contract at or before retirement into cash to provide the retirement benefits set forth in Article 7 so that no portion of such value may be used to continue life insurance protection beyond retirement or (2) distribute any such contract to the Participant. Nothing provided herein shall be construed to prohibit the purchase, sale, transfer or exchange of any individual life insurance contract which would otherwise be permitted under applicable prohibited transaction class exemptions or Department of Labor Regulations. 
 
 (e) Distributions. Any distribution of an insurance policy or the proceeds of an insurance policy purchased pursuant to this Section shall be subject to the requirements of Article 7. 
 
 Section 9.08 QUALIFYING LONGEVITY ANNUITY CONTRACT (QLAC) 
 
 (a) Purchase. To the extent provided in the Adoption Agreement, a Participant may request that a portion of his Account be invested in a QLAC. The QLAC must meet all requirements as stated under Treasury Regulation 1.401(a)(9)-6. 
 
 66 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 9 INVESTMENT AND TRUST VALUATION 

(b) Maximum Premiums Paid. The total amount of premiums paid for the QLAC under the plan will not exceed the lesser of 
 
 (1) An amount equal to the excess of 125,000 (as adjusted by the Commissioner) over the sum of 
 
 (A) The premiums paid before that date with respect to the contract, and 
 
 (B) Premiums paid on or before that date with respect to any other contract that is intended to be a QLAC and that is purchased for the Participant under the plan, or any other plan, annuity or account described in sections 401(a), 403(a), 403(b), or 408, or eligible governmental plan under section 457(b), or 
 
 (2) An Amount equal to the excess of 
 
 (A) 25 of the employee's account balance (as of the last valuation date preceding the date of the premium payment) under the plan (including the value of any QLAC held under the plan for the employee) as of the contract date, over 
 
 (B) The sum of the premiums paid before that date with respect to the contract and premiums paid on or before that date with respect to any other contract that is intended to be a QLAC and that is held or was purchased for the employee under the plan. 
 
 (c) Excess Premiums. If an annuity fails to be a QLAC solely because a premium for the contract exceeds the above limits, the excess premium will be returned (either in cash or in the form of contract that is not intended to be a QLAC) to the non-QLAC portion of the Participant's account by the end of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the excess premium was originally paid. 
 
 (d) Distributions. Distributions under the QLAC portion of the Participant's account will commence not later than the first day of the month next following the Participant's 85th birthday. After distributions commence, those distributions will satisfy all applicable minimum distributions requirements from that point forward (other than the requirement that annuity payments commence on or before the Required Beginning Date). 
 67 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 10 SPECIAL TOP-HEAVY RULES 

ARTICLE 10 SPECIAL TOP-HEAVY RULES 

Section 10.01 TOP-HEAVY STATUS 
 
 The special provisions set forth in this Article 10 shall apply during any Plan Year in which this Plan, together with any other retirement plans required to be aggregated under Code section 416(g) and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, is Top-Heavy. This Plan is Top-Heavy for any Plan Year 
 
 (a) If the Top-Heavy Ratio for this Plan exceeds 60 and this Plan is not part of any Required Aggregation Group or Permissive Aggregation Group of plans 
 
 (b) If this Plan is a part of a Required Aggregation Group of plans but not part of a Permissive Aggregation Group and the Top-Heavy Ratio for the Required Aggregation Group of plans exceeds 60 or 
 
 (c) If this Plan is a part of a Required Aggregation Group and part of a Permissive Aggregation Group of plans and the Top-Heavy Ratio for the Permissive Aggregation Group exceeds 60 . 
 
 Section 10.02 MINIMUM ALLOCATIONS 
 
 (a) In General. Notwithstanding other provisions of this Plan, for any Plan Year during which this Plan is Top-Heavy and the Top-Heavy minimum allocation is not met solely or partially in another plan, the following shall apply 
 
 (1) Unless otherwise provided in the Adoption Agreement and subject to (a)(4) and (a)(5) below, a Participant specified in Subsection (a)(2) below shall receive the minimum allocation or benefit requirement applicable to Top-Heavy plans specified in (a)(3) below. 
 
 (2) Participants Receiving Minimum Allocation Benefit. If the Participant is not eligible to participate in a defined benefit plan in a group specified in Section 10.01 other than a frozen plan in which no additional accruals are being made, he or she shall receive the minimum allocation or benefit in this Plan or any other defined contribution plan that is sponsored by the Employer provided, he or she is (i) an Eligible Employee as described in the Adoption Agreement and (ii) employed by the Employer on the last day of the Plan Year. If the Participant is eligible to participate in a defined benefit plan in a group specified in Section 10.01, and the Top-Heavy minimum is to be made in this Plan for such Participant, he or she shall receive the minimum allocation or benefit in this Plan or any other defined contribution plan that is sponsored by the Employer provided, he or she is (i) an Eligible Employee as described in the applicable plan document and (ii) has completed 1,000 Hours of Service (in accordance with such defined benefit plan) during such Plan Year. In the event a Participant is entitled to a Top-Heavy minimum benefit accrual under a defined benefit plan and is not otherwise eligible for a Top-Heavy minimum allocation under this Plan because of severance of employment prior to the last day of the Plan Year, such requirement shall be waived in this Plan solely to the extent the Top-Heavy minimum is required to be given in this Plan. 
 
 (3) Amount of Minimum Allocation Benefit. If the Participant is not eligible to participate in a defined benefit plan in a group specified in Section 10.01, the Top-Heavy minimum allocation defined contribution minimum shall not be less than the lesser of 3 of such Participant's Statutory Compensation or the largest percentage of Employer contributions (including Elective Deferrals) and forfeitures, as a percentage of Key Employee's Statutory Compensation, as limited by Code section 401(a)(17), allocated on behalf of any Key Employee for that Plan Year. If (i) the Participant is eligible to participate in a defined benefit plan in a group specified in Section 10.01, (ii) satisfies the requirement in the defined benefit plan to receive the Top-Heavy minimum under the terms of that plan, and (iii) the Top-Heavy minimum is to be given in this Plan, the Top-Heavy minimum benefit defined benefit minimum shall be determined under one of the following methods 
 
 (A) Defined Benefit Minimum. A defined benefit minimum, which is an accrued benefit at any point in time equal to at least the product of (i) a Participant's average annual compensation for the period of consecutive years (not exceeding five) when the Participant had the highest aggregate compensation from the Employer and (ii) the lesser of 2 per year of service or 1-year period of service (within the meaning of Code section 416), as applicable, with the Employer or 20 , subject to the rules of Code section 416 and the Regulations thereunder 
 
 68 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 10 SPECIAL TOP-HEAVY RULES 

(B) Floor Offset. A floor offset approach, pursuant to Revenue Ruling 76-259, 1976-2 C.B. 111, under which the defined benefit minimum of the defined benefit plan that is provided pursuant to Subsection (A) above is offset by the benefits provided under the defined contribution plan (or plans) 
 
 (C) Comparability Analysis. A demonstration, using a comparability analysis of Rev. Rul. 81-202, that the plans are providing benefits at least equal to the defined benefit minimum that is provided pursuant to Subsection (A) above or 
 
 (D) Defined Contribution Minimum. An allocation of Employer contributions and forfeitures that are made on behalf of such Participant under this Plan (or any defined contribution plan that is sponsored by the Employer) equal to 5 of the Participant's Statutory Compensation unless off-setting a portion of the minimum allocation in another plan or the Participant in this Plan is not a participant in the defined benefit plan. If the Plan allocates its Non-Elective Contribution or Pension Contribution using permitted disparity (integration), it may, therefore, substitute the 3 in the first step of its allocation process with 5 (or such other amount required) in order to satisfy the Top-Heavy minimum allocation. 
 
 (4) The minimum allocation is determined without regard to any Social Security contribution. The Top-Heavy minimum shall be made even though, under other Plan provisions, the Participant would not otherwise be entitled to receive an allocation, or would have received a lesser allocation for the Plan Year because of (i) the Participant's failure to complete 1,000 Hours of Service (or any equivalent provided in the Plan) (ii) the Participant's failure to make mandatory Employee contributions to the Plan or (iii) Statutory Compensation less than a stated amount. Except as provided in Subsections (b) and (c) below, neither Elective Deferrals nor Matching Contributions may be taken into account for the purpose of satisfying the minimum Top-Heavy contribution requirement. 
 
 (5) Contributions under other Plans. To the extent provided in the Adoption Agreement, the minimum allocation requirement discussed in Subsection 10.02(a) may be met solely or partially in another plan. If the minimum allocation requirement of this Section 10.02 for any Plan Year is met partially in another plan, this Plan may offset the minimum required allocation in Subsection 10.02(a) by the amount allocated in or the benefit accrued in the other plan. If, after applying the requirements of Code section 416, corresponding regulations and this Article 10, the Top-Heavy minimum allocation is not satisfied, then additional contributions may be made to this Plan or to one or more plans that are part of the Required Aggregation Group or Permissive Aggregation Group. 
 
 (b) Matching Contributions. Employer Matching Contributions may be taken into account for purposes of satisfying the minimum contribution requirements of Code section 416(c)(2) and the Plan. The preceding sentence shall apply with respect to Matching Contributions under the Plan or, if the Plan provides that the minimum contribution requirement shall be met in another plan, such other plan. Employer Matching Contributions that are used to satisfy the minimum contribution requirements shall be treated as Matching Contributions for purposes of the ACP test and other requirements of Code section 401(m). 
 
 (c) The Top-Heavy requirements of Code section 416 and this Section shall not apply in any year beginning after December 31, 2001, in which the Plan consists solely of a cash or deferred arrangement which meets the requirements of Code sections 401(k)(11), 401(k)(12) or 401(k)(13) and Matching Contributions with respect to which the requirements of Code sections 401(m)(10), 401(m)(11) or 401(m)(12) are met or in which the Plan is part of an eligible combined plan in compliance with Code section 414(x), IRS Notice 2009-71, and any superseding subsequent guidance. 
 
 Section 10.03 MINIMUM VESTING 
 
 (a) For any Plan Year in which this Plan is Top-Heavy, the Top-Heavy vesting schedule specified in the Adoption Agreement shall automatically apply to the Plan to the extent that it is more favorable than the vesting schedule provided for in Article 6. 
 
 For purposes of the Adoption Agreement, 2-6 Year Graded , 1-5 Year Graded , 1-4 Year Graded , 3 Year Cliff and 2 Year Cliff shall be determined in accordance with the schedules in Section 6.02. 
 
 (b) The minimum vesting schedule applies to all benefits within the meaning of Code section 411(a)(7) except those attributable to Employee contributions or those already subject to a vesting schedule which vests at least as rapidly as the schedule 
 
 69 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 10 SPECIAL TOP-HEAVY RULES 

listed above, including benefits accrued before the effective date of Code section 416 and benefits accrued before the Plan became Top-Heavy. Further, no decrease in a Participant's nonforfeitable percentage may occur in the event the Plan's status as Top-Heavy changes for any Plan Year. However, this Section does not apply to the Account balances of any Employee who does not have an Hour of Service after the Plan initially became Top-Heavy and such Employee's Account balance attributable to Employer contributions and forfeitures will be determined without regard to this Section. The minimum allocation required (to the extent required to be nonforfeitable under Code section 416(b)) may not be forfeited under Code sections 411(a)(3)(B) or 411(a)(3)(D). 
 70 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 11 PLAN ADMINISTRATION 

ARTICLE 11 PLAN ADMINISTRATION 

Section 11.01 PLAN ADMINISTRATOR 
 
 (a) Designation. The Plan Administrator shall be specified in the Adoption Agreement. In the absence of a designation in the Adoption Agreement, the Plan Sponsor shall be the Plan Administrator. If a Committee is designated as the Plan Administrator, the Committee shall consist of one or more individuals who may be Employees appointed by the Plan Sponsor and the Committee may elect a chairman and may adopt such rules and procedures as it deems desirable. The Committee may also take action with or without formal meetings and may authorize one or more individuals, who may or may not be members of the Committee, to execute documents in its behalf. 
 
 (b) Authority and Responsibility of the Plan Administrator. The Plan Administrator shall be the Plan administrator as such term is defined in section 3(16) of ERISA and as such shall have total and complete discretionary power and authority 
 
 (1) to make factual determinations, to construe and interpret the provisions of the Plan, to correct defects and resolve ambiguities and inconsistencies therein and to supply omissions thereto. Any construction, interpretation or application of the Plan by the Plan Administrator shall be final, conclusive and binding 
 
 (2) to determine the amount, form or timing of benefits payable hereunder and the recipient thereof and to resolve any claim for benefits in accordance with this Article 11 
 
 (3) to determine the amount and manner of any allocations or benefit accruals hereunder, including whether the Plan maintains an ERISA account and the manner in which amounts deposited in such ERISA account shall be allocated 
 
 (4) to maintain and preserve records relating to Participants, former Participants, and their Beneficiaries and 
 Alternate Payees 
 
 (5) to prepare and furnish to Participants, Beneficiaries and Alternate Payees all information and notices required under applicable law or the provisions of this Plan 
 
 (6) to prepare and file or publish with the Secretary of Labor, the Secretary of the Treasury, their delegates and all other appropriate government officials all reports and other information required under law to be so filed or published 
 
 (7) to approve and enforce any loan hereunder including the repayment thereof 
 
 (8) to provide directions to the Trustee with respect to the purchase of life insurance (to the extent permitted in the Adoption Agreement), methods of benefit payment, valuations at dates other than regular Valuation Dates and on all other matters where called for in the Plan or requested by the Trustee 
 
 (9) to hire such professional assistants and consultants as it, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or advisable and shall be entitled, to the extent permitted by law, to rely conclusively on all tables, valuations, certificates, opinions and reports which are furnished by same 
 
 (10) to determine all questions of the eligibility of Employees and of the status of rights of Participants, Beneficiaries and Alternate Payees 
 
 (11) to arrange for bonding, if required by law 
 
 (12) to adjust Accounts in order to correct errors or omissions 
 
 (13) to determine whether any domestic relations order constitutes a Qualified Domestic Relations Order and to take such action as the Plan Administrator deems appropriate in light of such domestic relations order 
 
 71 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 11 PLAN ADMINISTRATION 

(14) to retain records on elections and waivers by Participants, their spouses and their Beneficiaries and 
 Alternate Payees 
 
 (15) to supply such information to any person as may be required 
 
 (16) to establish, revise from time to time, and communicate to the Trustee or the Investment Fiduciary and Investment Manager(s), a funding policy and method for the Plan 
 
 (17) to prepare and file or publish with the Secretary of Labor, the Secretary of the Treasury, their delegates and all other appropriate government officials all reports and other information required under law to be so filed or published and 
 
 (18) to perform such other functions and duties as are set forth in the Plan that are not specifically given to the Investment Fiduciary or Trustee. 
 
 (c) In performing its duties, the Plan Administrator shall use the care, skill, prudence and diligence under the circumstances then prevailing that a prudent person acting in a like capacity and familiar with such matters would use in the conduct of an enterprise of a like character and with like aims. 
 
 (d) Procedures. Unless otherwise provided in the Adoption Agreement and to the extent that the Adoption Agreement provides that the Board adopts procedures for the Plan Administrator and the Board fails to adopt such procedures, the Plan Administrator may adopt such rules and procedures as it deems necessary, desirable, or appropriate for the administration of the Plan. When making a determination or calculation, the Plan Administrator shall be entitled to rely upon information furnished to it. The Plan Administrator's decisions shall be binding and conclusive as to all parties. 
 
 (e) Allocation of Duties and Responsibilities. The Plan Administrator or the Adoption Agreement may designate other persons to carry out any of the duties and responsibilities of the Plan Administrator. 
 
 Section 11.02 INVESTMENT FIDUCIARY 
 
 (a) Designation. The Investment Fiduciary shall be specified in the Adoption Agreement. In the absence of a designation in the Adoption Agreement, the Plan Sponsor shall be the Investment Fiduciary. The Investment Fiduciary may consist of a committee consisting of one or more individuals who may be Employees appointed by the Plan Sponsor. If a committee is appointed, the committee may elect a chairman and may adopt such rules and procedures as it deems desirable. The committee may take action with or without formal meetings and may authorize one or more individuals, who may or may not be members of the committee, to execute documents in its behalf. 
 
 (b) Authority and Responsibility of the Investment Fiduciary. The Investment Fiduciary shall have the following discretionary authority and responsibility 
 
 (1) to manage the investment of the Trust 
 
 (2) to appoint one or more Investment Managers 
 
 (3) to hire such professional assistants and consultants as it, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or 
 advisable 
 
 (4) to establish, revise from time to time, and communicate to the Trustee or Investment Manager(s), an investment policy for the Plan and 
 
 (5) to supply such information to any person as may be required. 
 
 (c) Procedures. Unless otherwise provided in the Adoption Agreement and to the extent that the Adoption Agreement provides that the Board adopts procedures for the Investment Fiduciary and the Board fails to adopt such procedures, the Investment Fiduciary may adopt such rules and procedures as it deems necessary, desirable, or appropriate in furtherance of its 
 
 72 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 11 PLAN ADMINISTRATION 

duties hereunder. When making a determination or calculation, the Investment Fiduciary shall be entitled to rely upon information furnished to it. Except as otherwise provided in a separate trust agreement, the Investment Fiduciary's decisions shall be binding and conclusive as to all parties. 
 
 (d) Allocation of Duties and Responsibilities. The Adoption Agreement may designate more than one person to carry out any of the duties and responsibilities of the Investment Fiduciary. 
 
 Section 11.03 COMPENSATION OF PLAN ADMINISTRATOR AND INVESTMENT FIDUCIARY 
 
 The Plan Administrator and Investment Fiduciary shall be entitled to reasonable compensation for their services as is mutually agreed upon to the extent that such compensation would not constitute a prohibited transaction within the meaning of the Code and ERISA. 
 
 Section 11.04 PLAN EXPENSES 
 
 All direct expenses of the Plan, Trustee, Plan Administrator and Investment Fiduciary or any other person in furtherance of their duties hereunder shall be paid or reimbursed by the Employer, and if not so paid or reimbursed, shall be proper charges to the Trust and shall be paid therefrom. 
 
 Section 11.05 ALLOCATION OF FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY 
 
 A Plan fiduciary shall have only those specific powers, duties, responsibilities and obligations as are explicitly given him under the Plan and Trust Agreement. It is intended that each fiduciary shall not be responsible for any act or failure to act of another fiduciary. A fiduciary may serve in more than one fiduciary capacity with respect to the Plan. 
 
 Section 11.06 INDEMNIFICATION 
 
 Unless otherwise provided in an Addendum to the Adoption Agreement, the Employer shall indemnify and hold harmless any person serving as the Investment Fiduciary or Plan Administrator (and their delegates) from all claims, liabilities, losses, damages and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses, incurred by such persons in connection with their duties hereunder to the extent not covered by insurance, except when the same is due to such person's own gross negligence, willful misconduct, lack of good faith, or breach of its fiduciary duties under this Plan or ERISA. The indemnification provisions of this Section 11.06 do not extend to any Trustee, third party administrator, Custodian or other Plan service provider and any indemnification provisions provided in a written agreement executed by such persons and the Employer shall apply. 
 
 Section 11.07 CLAIMS PROCEDURES 
 
 (a) Application for Benefits. A Participant or any other person entitled to benefits from the Plan (a Claimant may apply for such benefits by completing and filing a claim with the Plan Administrator. Any such claim shall be in writing and shall include all information and evidence that the Plan Administrator deems necessary to properly evaluate the merit of and to make any necessary determinations on a claim for benefits. The Plan Administrator may request any additional information necessary to evaluate the claim. 
 
 (b) Timing of Notice of Denied Claim. The Plan Administrator shall notify the Claimant of any adverse benefit determination within a reasonable period of time, but not later than 90 days (45 days if the claim relates to a disability determination) after receipt of the claim. This period may be extended one time by the Plan for up to 90 days (30 additional days if the claim relates to a disability determination), provided that the Plan Administrator both determines that such an extension is necessary due to matters beyond the control of the Plan and notifies the Claimant, prior to the expiration of the initial review period, of the circumstances requiring the extension of time and the date by which the Plan expects to render a decision. If the claim relates to a disability determination, the period for making the determination may be extended for up to an additional 30 days if the Plan Administrator notifies the Claimant prior to the expiration of the first 30-day extension period. 
 
 (c) Content of Notice of Denied Claim. If a claim is wholly or partially denied, the Plan Administrator shall provide the Claimant with a written notice identifying (1) the reason or reasons for such denial, (2) the pertinent Plan provisions on which the 
 
 73 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 11 PLAN ADMINISTRATION 

denial is based, (3) any material or information needed to grant the claim and an explanation of why the additional information is necessary, and (4) an explanation of the steps that the Claimant must take if he wishes to appeal the denial including a statement that the Claimant may bring a civil action under ERISA. 
 
 (d) Appeals of Denied Claim. If a Claimant wishes to appeal the denial of a claim, he shall file a written appeal with the Plan Administrator on or before the 60th day (180th day if the claim relates to a disability determination) after he receives the Plan Administrator's written notice that the claim has been wholly or partially denied. The written appeal shall identify both the grounds and specific Plan provisions upon which the appeal is based. The Claimant shall be provided, upon request and free of charge, documents and other information relevant to his claim. A written appeal may also include any comments, statements or documents that the Claimant may desire to provide. The Plan Administrator shall consider the merits of the Claimant's written presentations, the merits of any facts or evidence in support of the denial of benefits, and such other facts and circumstances as the Plan Administrator may deem relevant. The Claimant shall lose the right to appeal if the appeal is not timely made. The Plan Administrator shall ordinarily rule on an appeal within 60 days (45 days if the claim relates to a disability determination). However, if special circumstances require an extension and the Plan Administrator furnishes the Claimant with a written extension notice during the initial period, the Plan Administrator may take up to 120 days (90 days if the claim relates to a disability determination) to rule on an appeal. 
 
 (e) Denial of Appeal. If an appeal is wholly or partially denied, the Plan Administrator shall provide the Claimant with a notice identifying (1) the reason or reasons for such denial, (2) the pertinent Plan provisions on which the denial is based, (3) a statement that the Claimant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records, and other information relevant to the Claimant's claim for benefits, and (4) a statement describing the Claimant's right to bring an action under section 502(a) of ERISA. The determination rendered by the Plan Administrator shall be binding upon all parties. If the Plan Administrator provides the claimant with a final notice of denial of appeal, in order to preserve his or her claim, the Claimant must file an action with respect to the denied claim no later than 180 days following the date of the Plan Administrator's final notice of denial of appeal. 
 
 (f) Determinations of Disability. If the claim relates to a disability determination, determinations of the Plan Administrator shall include the information required under applicable United States Department of Labor regulations. 
 
 Section 11.08 WRITTEN COMMUNICATION 
 
 To the extent permitted by applicable Treasury or Department of Labor Regulations and accepted by the Plan Administrator and, as applicable, the Trustee, all provisions of the Plan and Trust that require written notices and elections shall be interpreted to mean authorized electronic and telephonic notices and elections. Any notice made under the terms of the Plan may be made in any electronic or telephonic method. 
 74 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 12 AMENDMENT, MERGER AND TERMINATION 

ARTICLE 12 AMENDMENT, MERGER AND TERMINATION 

Section 12.01 AMENDMENT 
 
 The provisions of the Plan may be amended at any time and from time to time by the Plan Sponsor, provided, however, 
 that 
 
 (a) No amendment to the Plan shall be effective to the extent that it has the effect of decreasing a Participant's accrued benefit and no amendment shall increase the duties and liabilities of the Trustee without the Trustee's consent. For purposes of this Subsection, a Plan amendment which has the effect of decreasing a Participant's Account balance, with respect to benefits attributable to service before the amendment, shall be treated as reducing an accrued benefit. 
 
 A Plan amendment may not decrease a Participant's accrued benefits, or otherwise place greater restrictions or conditions on a Participant's rights to Code section 411(d)(6) protected benefits, even if the amendment merely adds a restriction or condition that is permitted under the vesting rules in Code section 411(a)(3) through (11). Notwithstanding the foregoing, an amendment described in the previous sentence does not violate Code section 411(d)(6) to the extent (1) it applies with respect to benefits that accrue after the applicable amendment date (2) the Plan amendment changes the Plan's Vesting Computation Period and it satisfies the applicable requirements under 29 CFR 2530.203-2(c) or (3) permitted under Code section 412(d)(2) or Treas. Reg. sections 1.411(d)-3 and 1.411(d)-4 and any superseding guidance. 
 
 No amendment to the Plan shall be effective to eliminate or restrict an optional form of benefit. The preceding sentence shall not apply to a Plan amendment that eliminates or restricts the ability of a Participant to receive payment of his or her Account balance under a particular optional form of benefit if the amendment is permitted under applicable Treasury Regulations. 
 
 A Plan amendment may also provide exceptions from the general prohibition against the elimination or restriction of optional forms of benefit for in-kind distributions and elective transfers as specified under Treas. Reg. section 1.411(d)-4 Q&A 2 and 3. 
 
 (b) Amendment by Pre-Approved Plan Provider. The Pre-Approved Plan Provider may amend any part of the Plan on behalf of the adopting Employer for changes in the Code, regulations, revenue rulings, other statements published by the Internal Revenue Service, including model, sample or other required good faith amendments, but only if their adoption will not cause the Plan to be individually designed, and for corrections of prior plans. 
 
 The Pre-Approved Plan Provider will no longer have the authority to amend the Plan on behalf of any adopting Employer as of either (1) the date the Internal Revenue Service requires the Employer to file Form 5300 as an individually designed plan as a result of an Employer amendment to the Plan to incorporate a type of plan not allowable in the Pre-Approved Plan program, as described in Rev. Proc. 2017-41 and superseding guidance, or (2) as of the date the Plan is otherwise considered an individually designed plan due to the nature and extent of the amendments. 
 
 The Pre-Approved Plan Provider will maintain a record of the Employers that have adopted the Plan, and the 
 Pre-Approved Plan Provider will make reasonable and diligent efforts to ensure that adopting Employers have actually received and are aware of all Plan amendments and that such Employers adopt new documents when necessary. In the event that the 
 Pre-Approved Plan Provider licenses this document to a third party who has not filed for a letter in its own name as an identical adopter, such third party will be responsible for duties described in the preceding sentence. 
 
 (c) The Plan Sponsor may (1) change the choice of optional language in the plan document (2) add overriding language in the plan document when such language is necessary to satisfy Code sections 415 or 416 because of the required aggregation of multiple plans (3) amend administrative provisions in the Plan (such as provisions relating to investments, plan claims procedures, and employer contact information) (4) add certain sample or model amendments published by the Internal Revenue Service or other required good faith amendments which specifically provide that their adoption will not cause the Plan to be treated as individually designed (5) add or change provisions permitted under the Plan or specify or change the effective date of a provision as permitted under the Plan and (6) adopt other amendments that are related to a change in qualification requirements in accordance with section 15 of Rev. Proc. 2016-37 and any superseding guidance that do not cause the Plan to become individually 
 
 75 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 12 AMENDMENT, MERGER AND TERMINATION 

designed (this would include, but not be limited to, situations where a closing agreement under the Audit Closing Agreement Program or a compliance statement under the Voluntary Correction Program has been issued with respect to the Employer's Plan with regard to the amendment). An Employer that amends the Plan for any other reason other than amendments permitted under Revenue Procedure 2017-41 and any superseding guidance will no longer participate in this Pre-Approved Plan and will be considered to have an individually designed plan. 
 
 (d) If the Plan's vesting schedule is amended, in the case of an Employee who is a Participant as of the later of the date the amendment is adopted or the date it becomes effective, the nonforfeitable percentage (determined as of such date) of such Employee's Employer-derived accrued benefit will not be less than the percentage computed under the Plan without regard to such amendment. 
 
 (e) If the Plan's vesting schedule is amended, or the Plan is amended in any way that directly or indirectly affects the computation of the Participant's nonforfeitable percentage or if the Plan is deemed amended by an automatic change to or from a Top-Heavy vesting schedule, each Participant with at least 3 Years of Vesting Service with the Employer may elect, within a reasonable period after the adoption of the amendment or change, to have the nonforfeitable percentage computed under the Plan without regard to such amendment or change. For Participants who do not have at least 1 Hour of Service in any Plan Year beginning after December 31, 1988, the preceding sentence shall be applied by substituting 5 Years of Vesting Service for 3 Years of Vesting Service where such language appears. The period during which the election may be made shall commence with the date the amendment is adopted or deemed to be made and shall end on the latest of 
 
 (1) 60 days after the amendment is adopted 
 
 (2) 60 days after the amendment becomes effective or 
 
 (3) 60 days after the Participant is issued written notice of the amendment by the Plan Administrator. 
 
 The election provided for in this Section 12.01 shall be made in writing and shall be irrevocable when made. 
 
 (f) Code section 411(d)(6) protected benefits will be available without regard to Employer discretion in accordance with Treas. Reg. section 1.411(d)(4), Q & A's #8 & 9. 
 
 (g) An amendment or restatement of the Plan may be made by any method including a formal record of action by the Board or other written document and execution of such amendment or restatement may be made by written or electronic means. 
 
 Section 12.02 MERGER AND TRANSFER 
 
 (a) Merger. In the event of any merger or consolidation with, or transfer of assets or liabilities to, any other plan, each Participant shall have a benefit in the surviving or transferee plan (as if such plan were then terminated immediately after such merger, consolidation or transfer) that is equal to or greater than the benefit he would have had immediately before such merger, consolidation or transfer in the plan in which he was then a Participant had such plan been terminated at that time. 
 
 (b) Transfer. The Plan Administrator may direct the Trustee to accept assets and related liabilities from another qualified plan in a form acceptable to the Trustee provided that the Trustee receives sufficient evidence that the transferor plan is a tax-qualified plan and further provided that the Trustee shall not be liable for any breach of duty or error in respect of the other qualified plan. The Plan Administrator may direct the Trustee to transfer assets and related liabilities to another qualified plan provided that it receives sufficient evidence that the transferee plan is a tax-qualified plan. 
 
 Section 12.03 TERMINATION 
 
 (a) It is the intention of the Plan Sponsor that this Plan will be permanent. However, the Plan Sponsor reserves the right to terminate the Plan at any time for any reason. 
 
 (b) Each entity constituting the Employer reserves the right to terminate its participation in this Plan. Each such entity constituting the Employer shall be deemed to terminate its participation in the Plan if (1) it is a party to a merger in which it is not 
 
 76 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 12 AMENDMENT, MERGER AND TERMINATION 

the surviving entity and the surviving entity is not an affiliate of another entity constituting the Employer or (2) it sells all or substantially all of its assets to an entity that is not an affiliate of another entity constituting the Employer. 
 
 (c) Any termination of the Plan shall become effective as of the date designated by the Plan Sponsor. Except as expressly provided elsewhere in the Plan, prior to the satisfaction of all liabilities with respect to the benefits provided under this Plan, no termination shall cause any part of the funds or assets held to provide benefits under the Plan to be used other than for the benefit of Participants or to meet the administrative expenses of the Plan. In the event of the termination of the Plan the Account balance of each affected Participant will be nonforfeitable. In the event of a partial termination of the Plan the Account balance of each affected Participant will be nonforfeitable. In the event of a complete discontinuance of contributions under the Plan, the Account balance of each affected Participant will be nonforfeitable. Upon termination of the Plan, Participant Accounts shall be distributed in a single lump sum payment unless otherwise required pursuant to Article 7. 
 77 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 13 MISCELLANEOUS 

ARTICLE 13 MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 13.01 NONALIENATION OF BENEFITS 
 
 (a) Except as provided in Section 13.01(b), the Trust shall not be subject to any form of attachment, garnishment, sequestration or other actions of collection afforded creditors of the Employer, Participants or Beneficiaries under the Plan and all payments, benefits and rights shall be free from attachment, garnishment, trustee's process, or any other legal or equitable process available to any creditor of such Employer, Participant or Beneficiary. Except as provided in Section 13.01(b), no Participant or Beneficiary shall have the right to alienate, anticipate, commute, pledge, encumber or assign any of the benefits or payments which he may expect to receive, contingently or otherwise, under the Plan, except the right to designate a Beneficiary. Any reference to a Participant or Beneficiary shall include an Alternate Payee or the Beneficiary of an Alternate Payee. 
 
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Trustee (to the extent permitted in a separate trust agreement) or Plan Administrator may 
 
 (1) Subject to Section 13.02 below, comply with the provisions and conditions of any Qualified Domestic Relations Order pursuant to the provisions of Code section 414(p). 
 
 (2) Comply with any federal tax levy made pursuant to Code section 6331. 
 
 (3) Subject to the provisions of Code section 401(a)(13), comply with the provisions and conditions of a judgment, order, decree or settlement agreement issued on or after August 5, 1997 between the Participant and the Secretary of Labor or the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation relating to a violation (or alleged violation) of part 4 of subtitle B of title I of ERISA. 
 
 (4) Bring action to recover benefit overpayments. 
 
 Section 13.02 RIGHTS OF ALTERNATE PAYEES 
 
 (a) General. An Alternate Payee shall have no rights to a Participant's benefit and shall have no rights under this Plan other than those rights specifically granted to the Alternate Payee pursuant to a Qualified Domestic Relations Order that are consistent with this Section 13.02. 
 
 (b) Distribution. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, the Plan Administrator may direct the Trustee to distribute all or a portion of a Participant's benefits under the Plan to an Alternate Payee in accordance with the terms and conditions of a Qualified Domestic Relations Order. The Plan hereby specifically permits and authorizes distribution of a Participant's benefits under the Plan to an Alternate Payee in accordance with a Qualified Domestic Relations Order prior to the date the Participant has a Termination of Employment, or prior to the date the Participant attains his earliest retirement age as defined in Code section 414(p). 
 
 (c) Investment Funds. If the Qualified Domestic Relations Order does not specify the Participant's Accounts, or Investment Funds in which such Accounts are invested, from which amounts that are separately accounted for shall be paid to an Alternate Payee, such amounts shall be distributed, or segregated, from the Participant's Accounts, and the Investment Funds in which such Accounts are invested (excluding any amounts invested as a Participant loan), on a pro rata basis. A Qualified Domestic Relations Order may not provide for the assignment to an Alternate Payee of an amount that exceeds the balance of the Participant's vested Accounts after deduction of any outstanding loan. 
 
 (d) Default Rules. Unless a Qualified Domestic Relations Order provides to the contrary 
 
 (1) Death Benefits. An Alternate Payee shall have the right to designate a Beneficiary who shall receive benefits payable to an Alternate Payee which have not been distributed at the time of the Alternate Payee's death. If the Alternate Payee does not designate a Beneficiary, or if the Beneficiary predeceases the Alternate Payee, benefits payable to the Alternate Payee which have not been distributed shall be paid pursuant to Section 7.04(c) (substituting Alternate Payee for Participant ). 
 
 78 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 13 MISCELLANEOUS 

Any death benefit payable to the Beneficiary of an Alternate Payee shall be paid in a single sum as soon as administratively practicable after the Alternate Payee's death. 
 
 (2) Investment Direction. An Alternate Payee shall have the right to direct the investment of any portion of a Participant's Accounts payable to the Alternate Payee under such order in the same manner with respect to a Participant, which amounts shall be separately accounted for by the Trustee in the Alternate Payee's name. 
 
 (3) Voting Rights. An Alternate Payee shall have the right to direct the Trustee as to the exercise of voting rights in the same manner as provided with respect to a Participant. 
 
 (e) Withdrawals Loans. An Alternate Payee shall not be permitted to make any withdrawals under Article 8 and shall not be permitted to make a loan from the separate Account established for the Alternate Payee pursuant to the Qualified Domestic Relations Order. 
 
 (f) Treatment as Spouse. A former spouse may be treated as the spouse or surviving spouse and a current spouse will not be treated as the spouse or surviving spouse to the extent provided under a Qualified Domestic Relations Order. 
 
 (g) Plan Procedures. The Plan Administrator shall be responsible for establishing reasonable procedures for determining whether any domestic relations order received with respect to the Plan qualifies as a Qualified Domestic Relations Order, and for administering distributions in accordance with the terms and conditions of such procedures and any Qualified Domestic Relations Order. Pursuant to DOL regulation 2530.206, a domestic relations order will not fail to be a Qualified Domestic Relations Order solely because the domestic relations order (1) revises or is issued after another domestic relations order or Qualified Domestic Relations Order, or (2) the domestic relations order is issued after the Participant's death, divorce or Annuity Starting Date. 
 
 Section 13.03 NO RIGHT TO EMPLOYMENT 
 
 Nothing contained in this Plan shall be construed as a contract of employment between the Employer and the Participant, or as a right of any Employee to continue in the employment of the Employer, or as a limitation of the right of the Employer to discharge any of its Employees, with or without cause. 
 
 Section 13.04 NO RIGHT TO TRUST ASSETS 
 
 No Employee, Participant, former Participant, Beneficiary or Alternate Payee shall have any rights to, or interest in, any assets of the Trust upon Termination of Employment or otherwise, except as specifically provided under the Plan. All payments of benefits under the Plan shall be made solely out of the assets of the Trust. 
 
 Section 13.05 GOVERNING LAW 
 
 To the extent not preempted by applicable federal law this Plan shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the state or commonwealth of the Employer's (or if there is a corporate Trustee, the Trustee's, or if the plan is fully insured, the insurer's) principal place of business unless otherwise specified in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 Section 13.06 SEVERABILITY OF PROVISIONS 
 
 If any provision of the Plan shall be held invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions hereof, and the Plan shall be construed and enforced as if such provisions had not been included. 
 
 Section 13.07 HEADINGS AND CAPTIONS 
 
 The headings and captions herein are provided for reference and convenience only, shall not be considered part of the Plan, and shall not be employed in the construction of the Plan. 
 
 Section 13.08 GENDER AND NUMBER 
 
 79 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 13 MISCELLANEOUS 

Except where otherwise clearly indicated by context, the masculine and the neuter shall include the feminine and the neuter, the singular shall include the plural, and vice-versa. 
 
 Section 13.09 DISASTER RELIEF 
 
 Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, the Plan may grant temporary disaster relief in compliance with Code sections 1400M and 1400Q, section 15345 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, and section 702 of the Heartland Disaster Tax Relief Act of 2008 Applicable Law ). This Section only applies to the extent the Plan has provided some or all of the disaster relief listed below in compliance with Applicable Law. 
 
 (a) Qualified Distributions 
 
 (1) Qualified Distribution means a distribution to a qualified individual within the applicable time periods as defined in the relevant sections of Applicable Law which may not exceed 100,000 in aggregate from all plans maintained by the Employer. 
 
 (2) If the Plan permits rollover contributions, at any time during the 3-year period beginning on the day after the Qualified Distribution was received, an individual may contribute as a rollover to the Plan an aggregate amount that does not exceed the amount of the Qualified Distribution. 
 
 (3) If the Plan permits rollover contributions, a Qualified Individual who received a withdrawal for the purchase of a home not due to the disaster, may contribute as a rollover to the Plan in an aggregate amount that does not exceed the amount of the Qualified Disaster Distribution. 
 
 (b) Expanded Loan Provisions 
 
 (1) The maximum loan limit under Code section 72(p)(2)(A) shall be applied by substituting 100,000 for 50,000 and substituting the present value for one-half the present value under the Loan Procedures for a qualified individual within the applicable time periods as defined in the relevant sections of Applicable Law. 
 
 (2) The loan repayment may be delayed for 1 year for a qualified individual within the applicable time periods as defined in the relevant sections of Applicable Law. 
 
 (3) Subsequent repayments will be adjusted to reflect the 1-year delay and any interest accrued during such 
 delay. 
 
 (4) The 1 year delay will be disregarded in determining the 5-year maximum term of loans under Code section 72(p)(2)(B) and (C). 
 
 Section 13.10 EXCLUSIVE BENEFIT 
 
 All contributions made to the Plan are made for the exclusive benefit of the Participants and their Beneficiaries, and such contributions shall not be used for, nor diverted to, purposes other than for the exclusive benefit of the Participants and their Beneficiaries (including the costs of maintaining and administering the Plan and corresponding Trust). 
 
 Section 13.11 RETURN OF CONTRIBUTIONS 
 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan (1) contributions made prior to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue's determination as to the initial qualified status of the Plan under Code section 401(a), if the Plan receives an adverse determination, then any such contribution may be returned to the Employer within one year after such determination, provided the application for qualification is made by the time prescribed by law (2) contributions made by the Employer based upon mistake of fact may be returned to the Employer within one year of such contribution (3) as all contributions to the Plan are conditioned upon their deductibility under the Code, if a deduction for such a contribution is disallowed, such contribution may be returned to the Employer 
 
 80 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

ARTICLE 13 MISCELLANEOUS 

within one year of the disallowance of such deduction and (4) after all liabilities under the Plan have been satisfied, the remaining assets of the Trust shall be distributed to the Employer if such distribution does not contravene any provision of applicable law. 
 
 In the case of the return of a contribution due to mistake of fact or the disallowance of a deduction, the amount that may be returned is the excess of the amount contributed over the amount that would have been contributed had there not been a mistake or disallowance. Earnings attributable to the excess contributions may not be returned to the Employer but losses attributable thereto must reduce the amount to be so returned. Any return of contribution or distribution of assets made by the Trustee pursuant to this Section shall be made only upon the direction of the Employer, which shall have exclusive responsibility for determining whether the conditions of such return or distribution have been satisfied and for the amount to be returned. 
 81 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

DocuSign Envelope ID CEC3A152-2D58-4266-8D6E-BF114D7DA552 

 QUALIFIED PLANS' DISASTER RELIEF INTERIM AMENDMENT 
 
 QUALIFIED PLANS' DISASTER RELIEF INTERIM AMENDMENT 

The current Section 13.09 is replaced with the following Section 13.09 DISASTER RELIEF 
 Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, the Plan may grant temporary disaster relief in compliance with Code sections 1400M and 1400Q, section 15345 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, section 702 of the Heartland Disaster Tax Relief Act of 2008, section 502 of the Disaster Tax Relief and Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2017, section 11028 of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, section 20102 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, and any subsequent legislation Applicable Law ). This Section only applies to the extent the Plan has provided some or all of the disaster relief listed below in compliance with Applicable Law. The terms Qualified Disaster Distribution, Qualified Individual, and Applicable Period are defined in the relevant sections of Applicable Law. 
 
 (a) Qualified Disaster Distributions 
 
 (1) Qualified Disaster Distribution received by a Qualified Individual for Applicable Period (from all plans maintained by the Employer) may not exceed 100,000 in aggregate. 
 (2) If the Plan permits rollover contributions, a Qualified Individual may at any time during the 3-year period beginning on the day after the Qualified Disaster Distribution was received contribute as a rollover to the Plan in an aggregate amount that does not exceed the amount of the Qualified Disaster Distribution. 
 (3) If the Plan permits rollover contributions, a Qualified Individual who received a withdrawal for the purchase of a home not due to the disaster, may contribute as a rollover to the Plan in an aggregate amount that does not exceed the amount of the Qualified Disaster Distribution. 
 
 (b) Disaster Loan Provisions 
 
 (1) The maximum loan limit under Code section 72(p)(2)(A) shall be applied by substituting 100,000 for 50,000 and substituting the present value for one-half the present value under the Loan Procedures for a Qualified Individual. 
 (2) The loan repayment for a Qualified Individual may be delayed for 1 year. 
 (3) Subsequent repayments will be adjusted to reflect the 1 year delay and any interest accrued during such delay. 
 (4) The 1 year delay will be disregarded in determining the 5-year maximum term of loans under Code section 72(p)(2)(B) and (C). 

1 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

DocuSign Envelope ID CEC3A152-2D58-4266-8D6E-BF114D7DA552 

 BALCHEM CORPORATION 401(K) PLAN AMENDMENT 
 WHEREAS , Balchem Corporation (the Employer maintains the Balchem Corporation 401(k) Plan (the Plan for the benefit of certain of its employees and 
 
 WHEREAS , Pursuant to Section 12.01 of the Plan, the Employer desires to amend the Plan 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , the Plan is hereby amended by substituting the following in the Adoption Agreement, effective as of January 1, 2023 
 
 2 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

DocuSign Envelope ID CEC3A152-2D58-4266-8D6E-BF114D7DA552 

SECTION A. GENERAL INFORMATION 

PLAN INFORMATION 
 
 SECTION A. GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 4. Merger Information 
 a. Other Plan name Cardinal Associates, Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan and Trust 
 b. Merger effective date 01 01 2023 
 c. Additional merger information 
 
 3 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

DocuSign Envelope ID CEC3A152-2D58-4266-8D6E-BF114D7DA552 

SECTION H. PLAN OPERATIONS AND TOP-HEAVY 

SECTION H. PLAN OPERATIONS AND TOP-HEAVY 

Plan Operations 
 
 1. Permitted Investments 
 Unless indicated below, the Plan may invest up to 100 of the Trust in qualifying employer securities and qualifying employer real property (Section 9.04(b)). 
 a. X Investment in qualifying employer securities and qualifying employer real property is restricted as follows Company match automatically contributed via Company Stock. Participants may not transfer other sources contributions into company stock but may transfer OUT of company stock. A participant can allocate up to 10 of their deferrals into company stock 
 b. Investment in qualifying employer securities and qualifying employer real property is restricted to the following Accounts 
 i. 
 Elective Deferral Account 
 ii. 
 Employer Matching Contribution Account 
 iii. 
 Voluntary Contribution Account 
 iv. 
 Non-Elective Contribution Account 
 v. 
 Qualified Non-Elective Contribution Account 
 vi. 
 Rollover Contribution Account 
 vii. 
 Transfer Account 
 
 c. The following restrictions apply to distributions of qualifying employer securities and qualifying employer real property 
 NOTE Any restrictions or limitations must satisfy the nondiscrimination requirements of Code section 401(a)(4). 
 
 4 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

DocuSign Envelope ID CEC3A152-2D58-4266-8D6E-BF114D7DA552 

SECTION I. MISCELLANEOUS 

SECTION I. MISCELLANEOUS 

Failure to properly fill out the Adoption Agreement may result in disqualification of the Plan. 
 
 The Plan shall consist of this Adoption Agreement #001, its related Basic Plan Document #01, and any Addendum to the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 The adopting Employer may rely on an opinion letter issued by the Internal Revenue Service as evidence that the Plan is qualified under Code section 401 only to the extent provided in Revenue Procedure 2017-41 and any superseding guidance. The Employer may not rely on the opinion letter in certain other circumstances or with respect to certain qualification requirements, which are specified in the opinion letter issued with respect to the Plan and in Revenue Procedure 2017-41 and any superseding guidance. In order to have reliance in such circumstances or with respect to such qualification requirements, application for a determination letter must be made to Employee Plans Determinations of the Internal Revenue Service. The Pre-Approved Plan Provider will inform the adopting Employer of any amendments made to the Plan or of the discontinuance or abandonment of the Plan. The Pre-Approved Plan Provider, The Prudential Insurance Company of America, may be contacted at 213 Washington Street Newark, NJ 07102 (800)840-5452. 
 
 5 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

DocuSign Envelope ID CEC3A152-2D58-4266-8D6E-BF114D7DA552 

ADMINISTRATIVE ELECTIONS 

ADMINISTRATIVE ELECTIONS 
 32. Loan Administrative Elections - Amounts 
 a. X Loans will become payable in full upon termination 
 b. The Plan imposes a minimum loan amount of 1,000 (not to exceed 1,000) 
 c. The Plan permits participants to take up to one (1) outstanding loans at any given time. 
 d. A Participant must obtain the consent of his or her spouse, if any, to use the Account balance as security for a loan 
 i. Yes - QJSA Applies 
 ii. Yes - no QJSA but consent required 
 iii. X No 
 e. A Participant may obtain a loan from all of his accounts and or investments 
 i. X Yes 
 ii. No. A participant may only obtain a loan from the following accounts 
 f. X There is an order of Non-Roth Roth accounts for loan distributions 
 i. X Non-Roth first 
 ii. Roth first 
 g. A Participant may refinance a loan 
 i. Yes - additional dollars allowed 
 ii. Yes - no additional dollars 
 iii. X No 
 
 19 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have caused this Amendment to be executed this day of 
 December 
 , 2022. 

BALCHEM CORPORATION 

Signature s Roxane Depew 
 ROXANE DEPEW 
 Print Name 
 
 Title Position Sr. Payroll Benefits Mgr 
 Employer Balchem Corporation 
 6 
 Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

CUSTOM LANGUAGE ADDENDUM 

CUSTOM LANGUAGE ADDENDUM 

If a 411(d)(6) protected benefit in the Plan or a plan merged into the Plan is not either (i) available as a provision through the Pre-Approved Plan, or (ii) the subject of a prior determination, advisory, or opinion letter, the Employer cannot rely on the Pre-Approved Plan Provider's opinion letter for qualification with respect to such benefit. If a 411(d)(6) protected benefit in the plan or a plan being merged into the Plan is not permitted in a pre-approved plan, as described in Section 6.03 of Revenue Procedure 2017-41, such provision must be discontinued no later than the date the Employer adopts this Pre-Approved Plan, in the case of a merger, the merger date shall apply only to the extent required under Code section 411(d)(6). 
 
 Post Severance Compensation comprised of post severance military and disability continuation payments, is excluded from the definition of Statutory Compensation. 
 
 Vesting The Prior Money Purchase dollars are immediate and fully vested. Distributions The normal form of benefit is a Qualified Joint & Survivor single life annuity with respect to the Prior Money Purchase dollars. Spousal consent shall be required for any distributions made from the Prior Money Purchase account balance. In-Service Withdrawals To the extent that this Plan permits in-service withdrawals prior to a Participant's separation from service, retirement, death or disability, the withdrawal provision is not available with respect to benefits attributable to assets and liabilities that were transferred to this Plan in the form of Prior Money Purchase dollars. Effective January 1, 2021 participants of Zumbro will retain their immediate vesting schedule of prior dollars. Going forward new dollars will be subject to the Balchem vesting schedule. In addition any existing loans will be rolled over into the Balchem plan. All Balchem rules and requirements will be followed going forward. Effective January 1, 2023 participants of Cardinal Associates, Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan and Trust will be 100 fully vested in their accounts upon completion of the merger. 

Copyright 2002 - 2022 
 Empower Retirement, LLC 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.7>
 4
 officerretireeprogram-ex107.htm
 EX-10.7

Document 

Exhibit 10.7 
 
 Balchem Corporation Officer Retiree Program 
 For purposes of the Officer Retiree Program, the term Retirement shall mean voluntary termination of employment at a time when the sum of the Officer s age and years of service is at least 70, provided that officer has at least ten years of service and has served three consecutive years as an Officer. A requirement of eligibility for this program is that the individual Officer must submit a written notification to the President and CEO and Vice President of Human Resources one (1) year prior to the anticipated date of retirement. For the purpose of this section, Officer shall mean only those individuals approved by the Board of Directors to be the named corporate officers of Balchem Corporation. 
 
 a) Officer Retiree Medical Program 
 1. Retirement an officer is entitled to receive medical benefits (see coverage below) if he or she meets the definition of Retirement, as described above and has executed an appropriate non-compete agreement with Balchem Corporation. 
 2. Included dependents the spouse and any eligible dependents, who, at the time of retiree s departure, are eligible to be covered under the Officer retiree s medical plan, are eligible for coverage. 
 3. Coverage eligible persons are covered from the date of retiree s departure, at the same coverage available to an active employee for the Officer retiree s and spouse s life, or until Medicare is available. Eligible dependents are covered until the dependent ceases to be eligible under the then current Balchem Corporation medical plan. In addition, the maximum years of coverage for any person eligible for coverage under this program is ten years. 
 4. Premiums Balchem Corporation charges the retiree (or his or her spouse) that portion of the coverage premiums that the company would have paid if the retiree were an active employee. 
 
 b) Stock Options 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Officer s applicable stock option agreements, if Officer ceases to be employed by Balchem or its subsidiary companies, as may be applicable, by reason of Retirement, meets the definition of Retirement, as described above and has executed and is in compliance with their non-compete agreement with Balchem Corporation, options granted shall continue to vest and become exercisable in accordance with their original vesting schedule. Except as otherwise provided, any unexercised portion of the option may be exercised prior to the later of (i) two years after optionee's termination of employment or (ii) two years after the vesting date of the option, but in any case not beyond the specified expiration date of the option. 
 
 c) Restricted Stock Performance and Time Based 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Officer s applicable restricted stock agreements, if Officer ceases to be employed by Balchem or its subsidiary companies, as may be applicable, by reason of Retirement, meets the definition of Retirement, as described above and has executed and is in compliance with their non-compete 

agreement with Balchem Corporation, all Restricted Stock grants shall continue to vest in accordance with their original vesting schedule. 
 
 d) Performance Shares 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Officer s applicable performance share agreements, if Officer ceases to be employed by Balchem or its subsidiary companies, as may be applicable, by reason of Retirement, meets the definition of Retirement, as described above and has executed and is in compliance with their non-compete agreement with Balchem Corporation, the Compensation Committee may, in its discretion, accelerate the vesting of all or any portion of outstanding performance share award(s) made under the Companies Long Term Incentive Program however has no obligation to do so. 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 5
 directorretireeprogram-ex1.htm
 EX-10.8

Document 

Exhibit 10.8 
 
 Balchem Corporation Director Retiree Program 
 
 For purposes of the Director Retiree Program, the term Retirement shall mean 
 
 i. voluntary retirement from the Board of Directors (the Board of Balchem Corporation (the Company at the conclusion of his or her term in which he or she reaches the age of 70 in accordance with the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines and the combination of the Director s age and years of service as a member of the Board is equal to or greater than 75 or 
 
 ii. voluntary retirement from the Board prior to the conclusion of his or her term in which he or she reaches the age of 70 if the combination of the Director s age and years of service as a member of the Board is equal to or greater than 75 and he she has given the Company one (1) year s prior written notice to the Company of his her intention to retire, with such notice to be submitted to the CEO and President of the Company. 
 
 a) Stock Options 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (or any successor plan) or in the Director s stock option grant agreements, if Director ceases to be a member of the Board, by reason of Retirement, all options (including those granted within one year of the Director s retirement) shall continue to vest and become exercisable in accordance with their original vesting schedule. Except as otherwise provided, any unexercised portion of the option may be exercised prior to the later of (i) two years after Director s Retirement or (ii) two years after the vesting date of the option, but in any case, not beyond the specified expiration date of the option. 
 
 b) Restricted Stock Time Based 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (or any successor plan) or in the Director s restricted stock grant agreements, if the Director ceases to be a member of the Board, by reason of Retirement all Restricted Stock grants (including those granted within one year of the Director s retirement) shall continue to vest in accordance with their original vesting schedule. 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 bcpc202210k-ex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant Jurisdiction of Organization Aberco, Inc. Maryland Albion Laboratories, Inc. Nevada Balchem BV Netherlands Balchem Italia Srl Italy Balchem Ltd. Canada Balchem NV Belgium Balchem Pty Ltd. Australia Balchem Sdn Bhd Malaysia BCP Ingredients, Inc. Delaware Biogenic Innovations, LLC Washington Cardinal Associates, Inc. Washington Kappa Bioscience AS Norway Kappa Bioscience Europe GmbH Germany Kappa Bioscience USA, Inc. Delaware Kappa Solutions AS Norway Kechu BidCo AS Norway SensoryEffects, Inc. Delaware SensoryEffects Cereal Systems, Inc. Delaware Stereo Gas Philippines Inc. Philippines 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 bcpc202210k-ex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements (Nos. 333-219722 and 333-155655) on Form S-8 of Balchem Corporation and Subsidiaries of our report dated February 24, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements, the financial statement schedules and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Balchem Corporation and Subsidiaries, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Balchem Corporation and Subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s RSM US LLP 
 New York, New York February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 bcpc202210k-ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Theodore L. Harris, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Balchem Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 24, 2023 s Theodore L. Harris Theodore L. Harris Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 bcpc202210k-ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, C. Martin Bengtsson, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Balchem Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 24, 2023 s C. Martin Bengtsson C. Martin Bengtsson Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 bcpc202210k-ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Balchem Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Theodore L. Harris, President, and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Theodore L. Harris Theodore L. Harris Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) February 24, 2023 
 
 This certification accompanies the above-described Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 bcpc202210k-ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Balchem Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, C. Martin Bengtsson, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 
 s C. Martin Bengtsson C. Martin Bengtsson Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 24, 2023 
 
 This certification accompanies the above-described Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 bcpc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 bcpc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 bcpc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 bcpc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 bcpc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

