<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230307_10-K_edgar_data_1367859_0001367859-23-000077.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>32376066</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>349426</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>9617479</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>11135831</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5478141</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5259107</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001367859-23-000077.hdr.sgml : 20230307
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230307163550
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001367859-23-000077
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		145
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230307
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230307

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Citizens Community Bancorp Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001367859
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				205120010
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33003
		FILM NUMBER:		23713064

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2174 EASTRIDGE CENTER
		CITY:			EAU CLAIRE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			54701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		715 836 9994

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2174 EASTRIDGE CENTER
		CITY:			EAU CLAIRE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			54701

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001367859-23-000077.txt : 20230307

10-K
 1
 czwi-20221231.htm
 10-K

czwi-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification Number) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 - 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 1 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to section 13(a) of the Exchange 
 Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price as of June 30, 2022, was approximately million. 

APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE REGISTRANTS 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 
 At March 7, 2023 there were shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

2 

CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. 
 FORM 10-K 
 December 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Number PART I 
 6 
 ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 6 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 12 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 19 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 20 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 20 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 20 
 PART II 
 20 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 20 
 ITEM 6. 
 RESERVED 
 21 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 22 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 49 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 52 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 107 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 107 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 108 
 ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION 
 108 
 PART III 
 109 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 109 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 109 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 109 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 109 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 110 
 PART IV 
 110 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 110 
 SIGNATURES 
 113 
 
 3 

As used in this report, the terms we, us, our, Citizens Community Bancorp and the Company mean Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary, Citizens Community Federal N.A., unless the context indicates another meaning. As used in this report, the term Bank means our wholly owned subsidiary, Citizens Community Federal N.A. 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain matters discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the Company intends that these forward-looking statements be covered by the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking words or phrases such as anticipate, believe, could, expect, estimates, intend, may, preliminary, planned, potential, should, will, would, or the negative of those terms or other words of similar meaning. Similarly, statements that describe the Company s future plans, objectives or goals are also forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are inherently subject to many uncertainties in the Company s operations and business environment. 
 Factors that could affect actual results or outcomes include the matters described under the caption Risk Factors in Item 1A of this report and the following: 
 conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions generally; 
 the impact of inflation on our business and our customers; 
 acts of terrorism and political or military actions by the United States or other governments; 
 adverse impacts to the Company or Bank arising from the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 higher lending risks associated with our commercial and agricultural banking activities; 
 interest rate risk; 
 lending risk; 
 changes in the fair value or ratings downgrades of our securities; 
 the possibility of a deterioration in the residential real estate markets; 
 the sufficiency of loan allowances; 
 competitive pressures among depository and other financial institutions; 
 disintermediation risk; 
 our ability to maintain our reputation; 
 our ability to maintain or increase our market share; 
 our ability to realize the benefits of net deferred tax assets; 
 our inability to obtain needed liquidity; 
 our ability to raise capital needed to fund growth or meet regulatory requirements; 
 our ability to attract and retain key personnel; 
 our ability to keep pace with technological change; 
 prevalence of fraud and other financial crimes; 
 cybersecurity risks; 
 the possibility that our internal controls and procedures could fail or be circumvented; 
 our ability to successfully execute our acquisition growth strategy; 
 risks posed by acquisitions and other expansion opportunities, including difficulties and delays in integrating the acquired business operations or fully realizing the cost savings and other benefits; 
 restrictions on our ability to pay dividends; 
 the potential volatility of our stock price; 
 accounting standards for loan losses; 
 legislative or regulatory changes or actions, or significant litigation, adversely affecting the Company or Bank; 
 public company reporting obligations; 
 changes in federal or state tax laws; and 
 changes in accounting principles, policies or guidelines and their impact on financial performance. 
 Stockholders, potential investors and other readers are urged to consider these factors carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking 
 4 

statements made herein are only made as of the date of this filing and the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update such forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances occurring after the date of this report. 
 In this Annual Report, the periods presented are the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 (which we sometimes refer to in this Annual Report as fiscal 2022 and December 31, 2021 (which we sometimes refer to in this Annual Report as fiscal 2021 ). 
 5 

PART 1 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 General 
 Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. (the Company is a Maryland corporation organized in 2004. The Company is a bank holding company and is subject to regulation by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCC and by the Federal Reserve Bank. Our primary activities consist of holding the stock of our wholly-owned subsidiary bank, Citizens Community Federal N.A. (the Bank ), and providing commercial, agricultural and consumer banking activities through the Bank. At December 31, 2022, we had approximately 1.816 billion in total assets, 1.425 billion in deposits, and 167.1 million in equity. Unless otherwise noted herein, all monetary amounts in this report, other than share, per share and capital ratio amounts, are stated in thousands. 
 Citizens Community Federal N.A. 
 The Bank is a federally chartered National Bank serving customers in Wisconsin and Minnesota through 23 full-service branch locations. Its primary markets include the Chippewa Valley Region in Wisconsin, the Twin Cities and Mankato markets in Minnesota, and various rural communities around these areas. The Bank offers traditional community banking services to businesses, Agricultural operators and consumers, including one-to-four family residential mortgages. 
 Acquisitions 
 On August 18, 2017, the Company completed its merger with Wells Financial Corporation WFC ), pursuant to the merger agreement, dated March 17, 2017. At that time, the separate corporate existence of WFC ceased, and the Company survived the merger. In connection with the merger, the Company caused Wells Federal Bank to merge with and into the Bank, with the Bank surviving the merger. The merger expanded the Bank's market share in Mankato and southern Minnesota, along with expanded services through Wells Insurance Agency, Inc. WIA ). WIA provided insurance products to the Bank s customers and was sold on June 30, 2020. 
 On October 19, 2018, the Company completed its previously announced acquisition (the Acquisition of United Bank for a total cash consideration of approximately 51.1 million, subject to certain post-closing purchase price adjustments and future indemnity claims. In connection with the acquisition, the Company merged United Bank with and into the Bank, with the Bank surviving the merger. 
 On December 3, 2018, the Bank entered into a Purchase and Assumption Agreement with Lake Michigan Credit Union providing for the sale of the Bank s one branch located in Rochester Hills, MI. On May 17, 2019, the Company completed the sale of the Rochester Hills, MI branch for a deposit premium of 7 percent, or approximately 2.3 million, net of selling costs. The branch sale included approximately 34 million in deposits and 300,000 in fixed assets. The Bank retained all loans associated with the branch. 
 On January 21, 2019, the Company and F M Merger Sub, Inc., a newly formed Minnesota corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with F. M. Bancorp. of Tomah, Inc., a Wisconsin corporation F M ). On July 1, 2019, the Company closed on the acquisition of F M and completed the related data systems conversion on July 14, 2019. F. M. Investment Corp. of Tomah was a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank that was formerly utilized by F M to manage its municipal bond portfolio and has been dissolved. 
 Internet Website 
 We maintain a website at www.ccf.us. We make available through that website, free of charge, copies of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements for our annual stockholders meetings and amendments to those reports or documents, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file those materials with, or furnish them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). We are not including the information contained on or available through our website as a part of, or incorporating such information by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The SEC also maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy statements and other information regarding SEC registrants. 
 Yields Earned and Rates Paid 
 This information is included in Item 7; Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , under the heading Statement of Operations Analysis herein. 
 
 6 

Rate/Volume Analysis 
 This information is included in Item 7; Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , under the heading Statement of Operations Analysis herein. 
 Average Balance, Interest and Average Yields and Rates 
 This information is included in Item 7; Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , under the heading Statement of Operations Analysis herein. 
 Lending Activities 
 We offer a variety of loan products including commercial real estate loans, commercial and industrial (C I) loans, agricultural real estate loans, agricultural operating loans, residential mortgages, home equity lines-of-credit and consumer loans. We make real estate, consumer, commercial and agricultural loans in accordance with the basic lending policies established by Bank management and approved by our Board of Directors. We focus our lending activities on individual consumers and small commercial borrowers within our market areas. Our lending has been historically concentrated primarily within Wisconsin and Minnesota. Competitive and economic pressures exist in our lending markets, and recent and any future developments in (a) the general economy, (b) real estate lending markets, and (c) the banking regulatory environment could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. These factors may impact the credit quality of our existing loan portfolio, or adversely impact our ability to originate sufficient high quality loans in the future. 
 Our total gross outstanding loans, before net deferred loan costs and unamortized discounts on acquired loans, as of December 31, 2022, were 1.416 billion, consisting of 1.125 billion in commercial/agricultural real estate loans, 164.8 million in C I/agricultural operating loans, 108.7 million in residential mortgage loans and 17.4 million in consumer installment loans. See Item 7; Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , under the heading Balance Sheet Analysis for further analysis of our loan portfolio. 
 Investment Activities 
 We maintain a portfolio of investments, consisting primarily of mortgage-backed securities, corporate asset-backed securities, U.S. Government sponsored agency securities, corporate debt securities and trust preferred securities. We attempt to balance our portfolio to manage interest rate risk, regulatory requirements, and liquidity needs while providing an appropriate rate of return commensurate with the risk of the investment. See Item 7; Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , under the heading Balance Sheet Analysis Investment Securities for further analysis of our investment portfolio. 
 Deposits and Other Sources of Funds 
 General . The Company s primary sources of funds are deposits; amortization, prepayments and maturities of outstanding loans; other short- term investments; and funds provided from operations. 
 Deposits. We offer a broad range of deposit products through our branches, including demand deposits, various savings and money-market accounts and certificates of deposit. Deposits are insured by the Deposit Insurance Fund of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC up to statutory limits. At December 31, 2022, our total deposits were 1.425 billion including interest bearing deposits of 1.140 billion and non-interest bearing deposits of 0.285 billion. 
 Borrowings. In addition to our primary sources of funds, we maintain access to additional sources of funds through borrowing, including FHLB borrowings, lines of credit with the Federal Reserve Bank, our Revolving Loan and our Federal Funds Purchased Lines of Credit. See Item 7; Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , under the heading Balance Sheet Analysis Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) advances and other borrowings for further analysis of our borrowings. 
 Competition 
 We compete with other financial institutions and businesses both in attracting and retaining deposits and making loans in all of our principal markets. We believe the primary factors in competing for deposits are interest rates, personalized services, the quality and range of financial services, technology, convenient locations and office hours, and alternative delivery systems. One such delivery system is remote deposit capture for those commercial customers that are not conveniently located near one of our branches or mobile banking for retail customers. Competition for deposit products comes primarily from other banks, credit unions and non-bank competitors, including insurance companies, money market and mutual funds, and other investment alternatives. We believe the primary factors in competing for loans are interest rates, loan origination fees, and the quality and the range of lending services. Successful loan originations tend to depend not only on interest rate and terms of the loan but also on being responsive and flexible to the customer s needs. Competition for loans comes primarily from other banks, mortgage banking firms, credit unions, finance companies, leasing companies and other financial intermediaries. Some of our competitors 
 7 

are not subject to the same degree of regulation as that imposed on national banks or federally insured institutions, and these other institutions may be able to price loans and deposits more aggressively. We also face direct competition from other banks and their holding companies that have greater assets and resources than ours. However, we have been able to compete effectively with other financial institutions by building customer relationships with a focus on small-business solutions, including internet and mobile banking, electronic bill pay and remote deposit capture. 
 Regulation and Supervision 
 The banking industry is highly regulated, and the Company and the Bank are subject to numerous laws and regulations. As a bank holding company, the Company is subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the FRB ). The Bank is also subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the OCC. The Bank is a member of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Home Loan Bank System. In addition, the Bank s deposit accounts are insured by the FDIC to the maximum extent permitted by law, and the FDIC has certain enforcement powers over the Bank. 
 The following is a brief summary of material statutes and regulations that affect the Company and the Bank. The following summary is not a complete discussion or analysis and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the statutes and regulations summarized below. The laws and regulations applicable to the Company and the Bank are subject to change. 
 The likelihood and timing of any changes, and the impact such changes may have on the Company and the Bank, are difficult to predict. In addition, bank regulatory agencies may issue enforcement actions, policy statements, interpretive letters and similar written guidance applicable to the Company or the Bank. All of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, and earnings. 
 Securities Regulation and Listing 
 Our common stock is registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and is listed on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol CZWI. We are subject to the information, proxy solicitation, insider trading, corporate governance, and other disclosure requirements and restrictions of the Exchange Act, as well as the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act ), both administered by the SEC. As a company listed on the NASDAQ Global Market, we are subject to NASDAQ standards for listed companies. 
 The Company is currently a smaller reporting company which allows us to provide certain simplified and scaled disclosures in our filings with the SEC. We will remain a smaller reporting company for so long as the market value of the Company s common stock held by non-affiliates as of the end of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter is less than 250 million, or as of the same period the Company s annual revenues are less than 100 million and its public float is less than 700 million. In addition, we are currently considered a non-accelerated filer and will maintain that status for so long as the Company s annual revenues are less than 100 million, and its public float is more than 75 million but less than 700 million. 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act . 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (SOX) was enacted to increase corporate responsibility, to provide for enhanced penalties for accounting and auditing improprieties at publicly traded companies and to protect investors by improving the accuracy and reliability of corporate disclosures pursuant to the securities laws. SOX and the SEC s implementing regulations include provisions addressing, among other matters, the duties, functions and qualifications of audit committees for all public companies; certification of financial statements by the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer; the forfeiture of bonuses or other incentive-based compensation and profits from the sale of an issuer s securities by directors and senior officers in the twelve month period following initial publication of any financial statements that later require restatement; disclosure of off-balance sheet transactions; a prohibition on personal loans to directors and officers, except (in the case of banking companies) loans in the normal course of business; expedited filing requirements for reports of beneficial ownership of company stock by insiders; disclosure of a code of ethics for senior officers, and of any change or waiver of such code; the formation of a public accounting oversight board; auditor independence; disclosure of fees paid to the company s auditors for non-audit services and limitations on the provision of such services; attestation requirements for company management and external auditors, relating to internal controls and procedures; and various increased criminal penalties for violations of federal securities laws. 
 Section 404 of SOX requires management of the Company to undertake a periodic assessment of the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. If the Company were to be classified as an accelerated filer rather than a non-accelerated filer, then we would become subject to the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Section 404(b) requires that an independent registered public accounting firm provide an attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting and the operating effectiveness of these controls, making the public reporting process more costly. 
 8 

The Dodd-Frank Act 
 In July 2010, the President signed into law the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ). The Dodd-Frank Act has significantly changed the bank regulatory structure and affected the lending, investment, trading and operating activities of financial institutions and their holding companies. Many of the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act are subject to delayed effective dates and/or require the issuance of implementing regulations, some of which have not yet been issued in final form. The Dodd-Frank Act and implementing regulations have increased the regulatory burden, compliance cost and interest expense for the Company and the Bank. 
 In May 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act (the Regulatory Relief Act was enacted to modify or remove certain financial reform rules and regulations, including some of those implemented under the Dodd-Frank Act. While the Regulatory Relief Act maintains most of the regulatory structure established by the Dodd-Frank Act, it amends certain aspects of the regulatory framework for small depository institutions with assets of less than 10 billion and for large banks with assets of more than 50 billion. Many of these changes could result in meaningful regulatory changes for community banks such as the Bank, and their holding companies. 
 Capital Adequacy 
 Banks and bank holding companies, as regulated institutions, are required to maintain minimum levels of capital. The FRB and the OCC have adopted minimum risk-based capital requirements (Tier 1 capital, common equity Tier 1 capital CET1 and total capital) and leverage capital requirements, as well as guidelines that define components of the calculation of capital and the level of risk associated with various types of assets. Financial institutions are expected to maintain a level of capital commensurate with the risk profile assigned to their assets in accordance with the guidelines. 
 In addition to the minimum risk-based capital and leverage ratios, banking organizations must maintain a capital conservation buffer consisting of CET1 in an amount equal to 2.5 of risk-weighted assets in order to avoid restrictions on their ability to make capital distributions and to pay certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers. In order to avoid those restrictions, the capital conservation buffer effectively increases the minimum CET1 capital, Tier 1 capital, and total capital ratios for U.S. banking organizations to 7.0 , 8.5 , and 10.5 , respectively. Banking organizations with capital levels that fall within the buffer will be required to limit dividends, share repurchases or redemptions (unless replaced within the same calendar quarter by capital instruments of equal or higher quality), and discretionary bonus payments. 
 The Bank s capital categories are determined solely for the purpose of applying the prompt corrective action rules described below and they are not necessarily an accurate representation of its overall financial condition or prospects for other purposes. Failure to meet capital guidelines could subject a bank or bank holding company to a variety of enforcement remedies, including issuance of a capital directive, the termination of deposit insurance by the FDIC, a prohibition on accepting brokered deposits, and certain other restrictions on its business. See Bank Regulation - Prompt Corrective Action below. 
 Bank Holding Company Regulation 
 As a bank holding company, the Company is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (the BHCA and regulation and supervision by the FRB. A bank holding company is required to obtain the approval of the FRB before making certain acquisitions or engaging in certain activities. Bank holding companies and their subsidiaries are also subject to restrictions on transactions with insiders and affiliates. 
 A bank holding company is required to obtain the approval of the FRB before it may acquire all or substantially all of the assets of any bank, and before it may acquire ownership or control of the voting shares of any bank if, after giving effect to the acquisition, the bank holding company would own or control more than five percent of the voting shares of such bank. The approval of the FRB is also required for the merger or consolidation of bank holding companies. 
 Pursuant to the BHCA, the FRB has the power to order any bank holding company or its subsidiaries to terminate any activity or to terminate its ownership or control of any subsidiary when the FRB has reasonable grounds to believe that continuation of such activity or ownership constitutes a serious risk to the financial soundness, safety or stability of any bank subsidiary of the bank holding company. 
 The Company is required to file periodic reports with the FRB and provide any additional information the FRB may require. The FRB also has the authority to examine the Company and its subsidiaries, as well as any arrangements between the Company and its subsidiaries, with the cost of any such examinations to be borne by the Company. Banking subsidiaries of bank holding companies are also subject to certain restrictions imposed by federal law in dealings with their holding companies and other affiliates. 
 Federal law restricts the amount of voting stock of a bank holding company or a bank that a person or group may acquire without the prior approval of banking regulators. Under the federal Change in Bank Control Act and the regulations thereunder, a person or group must give advance notice to the Federal Reserve before acquiring control of any bank holding company, such as the Company, and the OCC before acquiring control of any national bank, such as the Bank. The Change in Bank Control 
 9 

Act CBCA prohibits a person or group of persons from acquiring control of a bank holding company unless the Federal Reserve has been notified and has not objected to the transaction. Under a rebuttable presumption established by the Federal Reserve, the acquisition of 10 or more of a class of voting stock of a bank holding company with a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, such as the Company, would, under the circumstances set forth in the presumption, constitute acquisition of control of the Company. In addition, the CBCA prohibits any entity from acquiring 25 (the BHC Act has a lower limit for acquirers that are existing bank holding companies) or more of a bank holding company s or bank s voting securities, or otherwise obtaining control or a controlling influence over a bank holding company or bank without the approval of the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve Board recently issued a final rule (which became effective October 1, 2020) that clarified and codified the Federal Reserve s standards for determining whether one company has control over another. The final rule established four categories of tiered presumptions of non-control that are based on the percentage of voting shares held by the investor (less than 5 , 5-9.9 , 10-14.9 and 15-24.9 and the presence of other indicia of control. As the percentage of ownership increases, fewer indicia of control are permitted without falling outside of the presumption of non-control. These indicia of control include nonvoting equity ownership, director representation, management interlocks, business relationship and restrictive contractual covenants. Under the final rule, investors can hold up to 24.9 of the voting securities and up to 33 of the total equity of a company without necessarily having a controlling influence. 
 Bank Regulation 
 Anti-Money Laundering and OFAC Regulation . The Bank is subject to a number of anti-money laundering laws AML and regulations. The Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 BSA and subsequent laws and regulations require the Bank to take steps to prevent the use of the Bank or its systems from facilitating the flow of illegal or illicit money or terrorist funds. Those requirements include ensuring effective board and management oversight, establishing policies and procedures, performing comprehensive risk assessments, developing effective monitoring and reporting capabilities, ensuring adequate training and establishing a comprehensive independent audit of BSA compliance activities. 
 The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 Patriot Act significantly expanded the AML and financial transparency laws and regulations by imposing significant new compliance and due diligence obligations, creating new crimes and penalties and expanding the extra-territorial jurisdiction of the United States. Regulations promulgated under the Patriot Act impose various requirements on financial institutions, such as standards for verifying client identification at account opening and maintaining expanded records (including Know Your Customer and Enhanced Due Diligence practices) and other obligations to maintain appropriate policies, procedures and controls to aid the process of preventing, detecting, and reporting money laundering and terrorist financing. An institution subject to the Patriot Act must provide AML training to employees, designate an AML compliance officer and annually audit the AML program to assess its effectiveness. The FDIC continues to issue regulations and additional guidance with respect to the application and requirements of BSA and AML. 
 The United States has imposed economic sanctions that affect transactions with designated foreign countries, nationals and others. Based on their administration by the United States Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), these are typically known as the OFAC rules. The OFAC-administered sanctions targeting countries take many different forms. Generally, however, they contain one or more of the following elements: (i) restrictions on trade with or investment in a sanctioned country, including prohibitions against direct or indirect imports from and exports to a sanctioned country and prohibitions on United States persons engaging in financial transactions relating to making investments in, or providing investment-related advice or assistance to, a sanctioned country; and (ii) a blocking of assets in which the government or specially designated nationals of the sanctioned country have an interest, by prohibiting transfers of property subject to United States jurisdiction (including property in the possession or control of United States persons). Blocked assets (e.g., property and bank deposits) cannot be paid out, withdrawn, set off or transferred in any manner without a license from OFAC. 
 Failure of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate BSA, AML and OFAC programs, or to comply with all of the relevant laws or regulations, could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the institution and result in material fines and sanctions. The Bank has implemented policies and procedures to comply with the foregoing requirements. 
 Privacy Restrictions 
 The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 GLBA ), in addition to making changes to permissible non-banking activities in which banks are permitted to engage, also requires financial institutions in the U.S. to provide certain privacy disclosures to customers and consumers, to comply with certain restrictions on sharing and usage of personally identifiable information, and to implement and maintain commercially reasonable customer information safeguarding standards. 
 Prompt Corrective Action. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 FDICIA establishes a system of prompt corrective action to resolve the problems of undercapitalized financial institutions. Under this system, the federal banking regulators have established five capital categories: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, 
 10 

significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized, in which all institutions are placed. The federal banking agencies have also specified by regulation the relevant capital levels for each category. 
 A well-capitalized bank is one that is not required to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure pursuant to any written agreement, order, capital directive, or prompt corrective action directive, and has a total risk-based capital ratio of at least 10 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 8 , a CET1 capital ratio of at least 6.5 , and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of at least 5 . Generally, a classification as well capitalized will place a bank outside of the regulatory zone for purposes of prompt corrective action. However, a well-capitalized bank may be reclassified as adequately capitalized based on criteria other than capital, if the federal regulator determines that a bank is in an unsafe or unsound condition, or is engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, which requires certain remedial action. 
 The FRB may also set higher capital requirements for holding companies whose circumstances warrant it. For example, holding companies experiencing internal growth or making acquisitions are expected to maintain strong capital positions substantially above the minimum supervisory levels, without significant reliance on intangible assets. At this time, the bank regulatory agencies are more inclined to impose higher capital requirements to meet well-capitalized standards and future regulatory change could impose higher capital standards as a routine matter. The Bank, as a matter of prudent management, targets as its goal the maintenance of capital ratios which exceed these minimum requirements and that are consistent with the Bank s risk profile. 
 Deposit Insurance . The deposits of the Bank are insured by the Deposit Insurance Fund (DIF) of the FDIC up to the limits set forth under applicable law and are subject to the deposit insurance premium assessments of the DIF. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, the maximum per depositor FDIC insurance amount increased from 100,000 to 250,000. The FDIC applies a risk-based system for setting deposit insurance assessments, which was amended by the Dodd-Frank Act. Under this system, the assessment rates for an insured depository institution vary according to the level of risk incurred in its activities. To arrive at an assessment rate for a banking institution, the FDIC places it in one of four risk categories determined by reference to its capital levels and supervisory ratings. In addition, in the case of those institutions in the lowest risk category, the FDIC further determines its assessment rate based on certain specified financial ratios or, if applicable, its long-term debt ratings. The assessment rate schedule can change from time to time, at the discretion of the FDIC, subject to certain limits. In addition to deposit insurance assessments, the FDIC is authorized to collect assessments from FDIC insured depository institutions to service the outstanding obligations of Financing Corporation (FICO). 
 The Dodd-Frank Act changed the assessment formula for determining deposit insurance premiums and modified certain insurance coverage provisions of the FDIA. The FDIC s implementing rules redefined the base for FDIC insurance assessments from the amount of insured deposits to average consolidated total assets less average tangible equity. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB System . The Bank is a member of the FHLB of Chicago, which is one of the 11 regional Federal Home Loan Banks. The primary purpose of the FHLBs is to provide funding to their saving association members in support of the home financing credit function of the members. Each FHLB serves as a reserve or central bank for its members within its assigned region. FHLBs are funded primarily from proceeds derived from the sale of consolidated obligations of the FHLB System. FHLBs make loans or advances to members in accordance with policies and procedures established by the board of directors of the FHLB. These policies and procedures are subject to the regulation and oversight of the Federal Housing Financing Board. All advances from a FHLB are required to be fully secured by sufficient collateral as determined by the FHLB. Long-term advances are required to be used for residential home financing and small business and agricultural loans. 
 As a member, the Bank is required to purchase and maintain stock in the FHLB of Chicago based on activity and membership requirements. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had 7.7 million in FHLB stock, which was in compliance with this requirement. The Bank receives dividends on its FHLB stock. 
 Community Reinvestment Act. The Community Reinvestment Act CRA is intended to encourage insured depository institutions, while operating safely and soundly, to help meet the credit needs of their communities. CRA specifically directs the federal bank regulatory agencies, in examining insured depository institutions, to assess their record of helping to meet the credit needs of their entire community, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods, consistent with safe and sound banking practices. CRA further requires the agencies to take a financial institution s record of meeting its community credit needs into account when evaluating applications for, among other things, domestic branches, consummating mergers or acquisitions or holding company formations. 
 The federal banking agencies have adopted regulations which measure a bank s compliance with its CRA obligations on a performance-based evaluation system. This system bases CRA ratings on an institution s actual lending service and investment performance rather than the extent to which the institution conducts needs assessments, documents community outreach or complies with other procedural requirements. The ratings range from outstanding to a low of substantial noncompliance. 
 11 

The Bank had a CRA rating of Satisfactory as of its most recent regulatory examination. 
 Consumer Compliance and Fair Lending Laws. The Bank is subject to a number of federal and state laws designed to protect borrowers and promote lending to various sectors of the economy and population. These laws include the Patriot Act, BSA, the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, CRA, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, as amended by the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the National Flood Insurance Act, various state law counterparts, and the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010, which constitutes part of the Dodd-Frank Act. The enforcement of fair lending laws has been an increasing area of focus for regulators, including the OCC and CFPB. 
 Effects of Government Monetary Policy 
 The earnings of the Company are affected by general and local economic conditions and by the policies of various governmental regulatory authorities. In particular, the FRB regulates money supply, credit conditions and interest rates in order to influence general economic conditions, primarily through open market operations in United States Government Securities, varying the discount rate on member bank borrowings, setting reserve requirements against member and nonmember bank deposits, regulating interest rates payable by member banks on time and savings deposits and expanding or contracting the money supply. FRB monetary policies have had a significant effect on the operating results of commercial banks and their holding companies, including the Bank and the Company, in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. 
 Human Capital 
 We are focused on the success, health and long-term growth and development of our employees and our objective is to attract and reward individuals with the talent and skills to help support our business objectives. Our employees are integral to the success of our business, particularly because most are customer-facing on behalf of our Company. Our ability to develop and retain our customers depends on the integrity, capabilities and knowledge of our employees. 
 Therefore, in order to compete effectively and continue to provide best in class service to our customers, we must attract, retain and motivate our employees. We believe our human capital efforts, which include employee training, employee health and benefits packages, and engaging employees in volunteer activities in the communities that we serve, all contribute to our success in attracting, retaining and motivating strong employee talent. 
 At March 7, 2023, we had 210 full-time employees and 236 total employees, company-wide. We have no unionized employees, and we are not subject to any collective bargaining agreements. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 The risks described below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks that we do not yet know of or that we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our future business operations. If any of the events or circumstances described in the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In such cases, the trading price of our common stock could decline. 
 RISKS RELATED TO ECONOMIC CONDITIONS 
 Our business may be adversely affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions generally. We operate primarily in the Wisconsin and Minnesota markets. As a result, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are significantly impacted by changes in the economic conditions in those areas. In addition, our business is susceptible to broader economic trends within the United States economy. Economic conditions have a significant impact on the demand for our products and services, as well as the ability of our customers to repay loans, the value of the collateral securing loans and the stability of our deposit funding sources. A significant decline in general economic conditions caused by inflation, recession, tariffs, unemployment, changes in securities markets, changes in housing market prices, geopolitical uncertainties, natural disasters, pandemics and election outcomes or other factors could impact economic conditions and, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Inflation may have an adverse impact on our business and on our customers. Inflation risk is the risk that the value of assets or income from investments will be worth less in the future as inflation decreases the value of money. The annual inflation rate in the United States increased during most of 2022, and, as of December 2022, was 6.5 measured by consumer price index. As a result, the Federal Reserve has continued to increase the target federal funds rate, and has indicated its intention to continue to increase interest rates in an effort to combat inflation. As inflation increases, the value of our investment securities, particularly those with longer maturities, would decrease, although this effect can be less pronounced for floating rate instruments. In addition, inflation increases the cost of goods and services we use in our business operations, such as electricity and other utilities, which increases our non-interest expenses. Furthermore, our customers are also affected by inflation and the rising costs of goods and services used in their households and businesses, which could have a negative impact on their ability to repay their loans with us. 
 12 

Acts or threats of terrorism and political or military actions by the United States or other governments could adversely affect general economic industry conditions. Geopolitical conditions may affect our earnings. Acts or threats of terrorism and political actions taken by the United States or other governments in response to terrorism, or similar activity, could adversely affect general or industry conditions and, as a result, our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic may continue to impact economic conditions and affect our financial condition, our results of operations and other aspects of our business. The COVID-19 pandemic caused significant economic dislocation in the United States and internationally, resulting in a slow-down in economic activity, increased unemployment levels, and disruptions in global supply chains and financial markets. The pandemic and related government actions to curb its spread also resulted in closures of many organizations and the institution of social distancing requirements in many states and communities. In response to the pandemic, various state governments and federal agencies required lenders to provide forbearance and other relief to borrowers (e.g., waiving late payment and other fees). Federal banking agencies encouraged financial institutions to prudently work with affected borrowers and legislation provided relief from reporting loan classifications due to modifications related to the COVID-19 outbreak. The spread of the coronavirus also caused us to modify our business practices, including employee travel, employee work locations, and cancellation of physical participation in meetings, events and conferences. 
 Given the ongoing dynamic nature of variants of COVID-19, it is difficult to predict the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak on our business. As the result of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related adverse local and national economic consequences, we could be subject to a number of risks, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, ability to execute our growth strategy, and ability to pay dividends. These risks include, but are not limited to: changes in demand for our products and services; increased loan losses or other impairments in our loan portfolios and increases in our allowance for loan losses; a decline in collateral for our loans, especially real estate; unanticipated unavailability of employees; increased cyber security risks as employees work remotely; a prolonged weakness in economic conditions resulting in a reduction of future projected earnings could necessitate a valuation allowance against our current outstanding deferred tax assets; a triggering event leading to impairment testing on our goodwill or core deposit and customer relationships intangibles, which could result in an impairment charge; and increased costs as the Company and our regulators, customers and vendors adapt to evolving pandemic-related conditions. 
 We are subject to higher lending risks with respect to our commercial and agricultural banking activities which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our loans include commercial and agricultural loans, which include loans secured by real estate as well as loans secured by personal property. Commercial real estate lending, including agricultural loans, typically involves higher loan principal amounts and the repayment of these loans is generally largely dependent on the successful operation of the property or the business conducted on the property securing the loan. Commercial real estate loans may be more adversely affected by conditions in the real estate markets or in the general economy. Agricultural operating loans carry significant risks as they may involve larger balances concentrated with a single borrower or group of related borrowers. In addition, repayment of such loans depends on the successful operation or management of the farm property securing the loan for which an operating loan is utilized. Farming operations may be affected by factors outside of the borrower s control, including adverse weather conditions, such as drought, hail or floods that can severely limit crop yields and declines in market prices for agricultural products. Although the Bank manages lending risks through its underwriting and credit administration policies, no assurance can be given that such risks will not materialize, in which event, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and business prospects could be materially adversely affected. 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS 
 We are subject to interest rate risk. Through our banking subsidiary, the Bank, our profitability depends in large part on our net interest income, which is the difference between interest earned from interest earning assets, such as loans and mortgage-backed securities, and interest paid on interest bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. Our net interest income will be adversely affected if market interest rates change such that the interest we pay on deposits and borrowings increase faster than the interest earned on loans and investments. The rates of interest we earn on assets and pay on liabilities generally are established contractually for a period of time. Market interest rates change over time due to many factors that are beyond our control, including but not limited to: general economic conditions and government policy decisions, especially policies of the Federal Reserve Bank. Accordingly, our results of operations, like those of other financial institutions, are impacted by changes in interest rates and the interest rate sensitivity of our assets and liabilities. The risk associated with changes in interest rates and our ability to adapt to these changes is known as interest rate risk. In particular, reduced interest rates negatively impact our results of operations. 
 We are subject to lending risk. There are inherent risks associated with our lending activities. These risks include the impact of changes in interest rates and changes in the economic conditions in the markets we serve, as well as those across the United States. Our exposure to lending risk is managed through the use of consistent underwriting standards, and we avoid highly leveraged transactions as well as excessive industry and other concentrations, but there can be no assurance that our risk mitigation measures will be effective in avoiding undue credit risk. An increase in interest rates or weakening economic conditions (such as high levels of unemployment) could further adversely impact the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding 
 13 

loans, or could substantially weaken the value of collateral securing those loans. Downward pressure on real estate values could increase the potential for problem loans and thus have a direct impact on our consolidated results of operations. In addition, we may purchase real estate, or we may foreclose on and take title to real estate. Although we exercise prudent due diligence when making loans, we could be subject to environmental liabilities with respect to these properties. See also The COVID-19 pandemic may continue to impact economic conditions and affect our financial condition, our results of operations and other aspects of our business. 
 Changes in the fair value or ratings downgrades of our securities may reduce our stockholders equity, net earnings, or regulatory capital ratios. At December 31, 2022, 166.0 million of our securities, were classified as available for sale (AFS) and 96.4 million were classified as held to maturity (HTM). The estimated fair value of our AFS securities portfolio may increase or decrease depending on market conditions. Our AFS securities portfolio is comprised of fixed-rate, and to a lesser extent, floating rate securities. We increase or decrease stockholders equity by the amount of the change in unrealized gain or loss (the difference between the estimated fair value and amortized cost) of our AFS securities portfolio, net of the related tax benefit or provision, under the category of accumulated other comprehensive income/loss. Therefore, a decline in the estimated fair value of this portfolio due to interest rate changes will result in a decline in our reported stockholders equity, as well as our book value per common share and tangible book value per common share. This decrease will occur even though the securities are not sold. In the case of debt securities, if these securities are never sold, the decrease will be recovered over the life of the securities. 
 We conduct a periodic review and evaluation of our securities portfolio to determine if the decline in the fair value of any security below its cost basis is other-than-temporary. Factors which we consider in our analysis include, but are not limited to, the severity and duration of the decline in fair value of the security, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, whether the decline appears to be related to issuer conditions or general market or industry conditions, our intent and ability to retain the security for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value and the likelihood of any near-term fair value recovery. We generally view changes in fair value caused by changes in interest rates as temporary, which is consistent with our experience. If we deem such decline to be other-than-temporary related to credit losses, the security is written down to a new cost basis and the resulting loss is charged to earnings as a component of non-interest income in the period in which the decline in value occurs. At December 31, 2022, U.S. government issued or U.S. agency issued securities were carried at 192.7 million or 73.4 of the combined AFS and HTM portfolio. 
 We have, in the past, recorded other than temporary impairment OTTI charges, principally arising from investments in non-agency mortgage-backed securities. We do not currently hold any non-agency mortgage-backed securities. We continue to monitor our securities portfolio as part of our ongoing OTTI evaluation process. No assurance can be given that we will not need to recognize OTTI charges related to securities in the future. Future OTTI charges would cause decreases to both Tier 1 and Risk-based capital levels which may expose the Company and/or the Bank to additional regulatory restrictions. 
 The capital that we are required to maintain for regulatory purposes is impacted by, among other factors, the securities ratings on our portfolio. Therefore, ratings downgrades on our securities may also have a material adverse effect on our risk-based regulatory capital levels. 
 Deterioration in the markets for residential real estate, including secondary residential mortgage loan markets, could reduce our net income and profitability. During the severe recession that lasted from 2007 to 2009, softened residential housing markets, increased delinquency and default rates, and volatile and constrained secondary credit markets negatively impacted the mortgage industry. Our financial results were adversely affected by these effects including changes in real estate values, primarily in Wisconsin and Minnesota, and our net income declined as a result. Decreases in real estate values adversely affected the value of property used as collateral for loans as well as investments in our portfolio. Continued slow growth in the economy since 2009 resulted in increased competition and lower rates, which has negatively impacted our net income and profits. 
 The foregoing changes could affect our ability to originate loans and deposits, the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities and the average maturity of our securities portfolio. An increase in the level of interest rates may also adversely affect the ability of certain of our borrowers to repay their obligations. If interest rates paid on deposits or other borrowings were to increase at a faster rate than the interest rates earned on loans and investments, our net income would be adversely affected. 
 Our allowance for loan losses may be insufficient. To address risks inherent in our loan portfolio, we maintain an allowance for loan losses that represents management s best estimate of probable losses that exist within our loan portfolio. The level of the allowance reflects management s continuing evaluation of various factors, including specific credit risks, historical loan loss experience, current loan portfolio quality, present economic, political and regulatory conditions, and unidentified losses inherent in the current loan portfolio. Determining the appropriate level of the allowance for loan losses involves a high degree of subjectivity and requires us to make estimates of significant credit risks, which may undergo material changes. In evaluating our impaired loans, we assess repayment expectations and determine collateral values based on all information that is available to us. However, we must often make subjective decisions based on our assumption about the creditworthiness of the borrowers and the values of collateral securing these loans. 
 14 

Deterioration in economic conditions affecting borrowers, new information regarding existing loans, identification of additional problem loans, and other factors, both within and outside of our control, may require an increase in our allowance for loan losses. In addition, bank regulatory agencies periodically examine our allowance for loan losses and may require an increase in the allowance or the recognition of further loan charge-offs, based on judgments different from those of our management. 
 If charge-offs in future periods exceed our allowance for loan losses, we will need to take additional loan loss provisions to increase our allowance for loan losses. Any additional loan loss provision will reduce our net income or increase our net loss, which could have a direct material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Competition may affect our results. Competition in the banking and financial services industry is intense. Our profitability depends upon our continued ability to compete in our primary market area. We face strong competition in originating loans, in seeking deposits and in offering other banking services. We compete with commercial banks, trust companies, mortgage banking firms, credit unions, finance companies, mutual funds, insurance companies and brokerage and investment banking firms. Our market area is also served by commercial banks and savings associations that are substantially larger than us in terms of deposits and loans, have greater human and financial resources, and may offer certain services that we do not or cannot provide. This competitive climate can make it difficult to establish, maintain and retain relationships with new and existing customers and can lower the rate we are able to charge on loans, increase the rates we must offer on deposits, and affect our charges for other services. Those factors can, in turn, adversely affect our results of operations and profitability. 
 Customers may decide not to use banks to complete their financial transactions, which could result in a loss of income to us. Technology and other changes are allowing customers to complete financial transactions that historically have involved banks at one or both ends of the transaction. For example, customers can now pay bills and transfer funds directly without going through a bank. The process of eliminating banks as intermediaries, known as disintermediation, could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits. 
 We are a community bank and our ability to maintain our reputation is critical to the success of our business and the failure to do so may materially adversely affect our performance. We are a community bank, and our reputation is one of the most valuable components of our business. A key component of our business strategy is to rely on our reputation for customer service and knowledge of local markets to expand our presence by capturing new business opportunities from existing and prospective customers in our market area and contiguous areas. As such, we strive to conduct our business in a manner that enhances our reputation. This is done, in part, by recruiting, hiring and retaining employees who share our core values of being an integral part of the communities we serve, delivering superior service to our customers and caring about our customers and associates. If our reputation is negatively affected by the actions of our employees, by our inability to conduct our operations in a manner that is appealing to current or prospective customers, or otherwise, our business and, therefore, our operating results may be materially adversely affected. 
 Maintaining or increasing our market share may depend on lowering prices and market acceptance of new products and services. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to adapt our products and services to evolving industry standards and customer demands. We face increasing pressure to provide products and services at lower prices, which can reduce our net interest margin and revenues from our fee-based products and services. In addition, the widespread adoption of new technologies, including internet and mobile banking services, could require us to make substantial expenditures to modify or adapt our existing products and services. Also, these and other capital investments in our business may not produce expected growth in earnings anticipated at the time of the expenditure. We may not be successful in introducing new products and services, achieving market acceptance of our products and services, or developing and maintaining loyal customers, which in turn, could adversely affect our results of operations and profitability. 
 We may not have sufficient pre-tax net income in future periods to fully realize the benefits of our net deferred tax assets. Assessing the need for, or the sufficiency of, a valuation allowance requires management to evaluate all available evidence. Based on future pre-tax net income projections and the planned execution of existing tax planning strategies, we believe that it is more likely than not that we will fully realize the benefits of our net deferred tax assets. However, our current assessment is based on assumptions and judgments that may or may not reflect actual future results. If a valuation allowance becomes necessary, it could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 
 We could experience an unexpected inability to obtain needed liquidity. Liquidity measures the ability to meet current and future cash flow needs as they become due. The liquidity of a financial institution reflects its ability to meet loan requests, to accommodate possible outflows in deposits, and to take advantage of interest rate market opportunities. The ability of a financial institution to meet its current financial obligations is a function of its balance sheet structure, its ability to liquidate assets and its access to alternative sources of funds. We seek to ensure our funding needs are met by maintaining an appropriate level of liquidity through asset/liability management. If we become unable to obtain funds when needed, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and, in turn, our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, it could limit our ability to take advantage of what we believe to be good market opportunities for expanding our loan portfolio. 
 15 

Future growth, operating results or regulatory requirements may require us to raise additional capital but that capital may not be available. We are required by federal and state regulatory authorities to maintain adequate levels of capital to support our operations. To the extent our future operating results erode capital or we elect to expand through loan growth or acquisition, we may be required to raise additional capital. 
 Our ability to raise capital will depend on conditions in the capital markets, which are outside of our control, and on our financial performance. Accordingly, we cannot be assured of our ability to raise capital when needed or on favorable terms. If we cannot raise additional capital when needed or if we are subject to material unfavorable terms for such capital, we may be subject to increased regulatory supervision and the imposition of restrictions on our growth and business. These actions could negatively impact our ability to operate or further expand our operations and may result in increases in operating expenses and reductions in revenues that could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may not be able to attract or retain key people. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain key people. We depend on the talents and leadership of our executive team, including Stephen M. Bianchi, our Chief Executive Officer, and James S. Broucek, our Chief Financial Officer. Competition for the best people in most activities engaged in by us can be intense, and we may not be able to hire people or retain them. The unexpected loss of services of one or more of our key personnel could have a material adverse impact on our business because of their skills, knowledge of our local markets, years of industry experience and the difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement personnel. 
 We continually encounter technological change. The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology driven by new or modified products and services. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers and to reduce costs. Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands, as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations. Many of our competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. We may not be able to effectively implement new technology driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry could have a material adverse impact on our business and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business may be adversely affected by an increasing prevalence of fraud and other financial crimes. As a bank, we are susceptible to fraudulent activity that may be committed against us or our customers which may result in financial losses or increased costs to us or our customers, disclosure or misuse of our information or our customers' information, misappropriation of assets, privacy breaches against our customers, litigation or damage to our reputation. Such fraudulent activity may take many forms, including check fraud, electronic fraud, wire fraud, phishing, social engineering and other dishonest acts. Consistent with industry trends, we have also experienced an increase in attempted electronic fraudulent activity in recent periods. Given such increase in electronic fraudulent activity and the growing level of use of electronic, internet-based and networked systems to conduct business directly or indirectly with our clients, certain fraud losses may not be avoidable regardless of the preventative and detection systems in place. Nationally, reported incidents of fraud and other financial crimes have increased. While we have policies and procedures designed to prevent such losses, there can be no assurance that such losses will not occur. 
 We rely on network and information systems and other technologies, and, as a result, we are subject to various Cybersecurity risks. Cybersecurity refers to the combination of technologies, processes and procedures established to protect information technology systems and data from unauthorized access, attack, or damage. Our business involves the storage and transmission of customers personal information. While we have internal policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of a failure, interruption or security breach of our information systems, as well as contracts and service agreements with applicable outside vendors, we cannot be assured that any such failures, interruptions or security breaches will not occur or, if they do, that they will be addressed adequately. Any failure or interruption of these systems could result in failures or disruptions in our loan, deposit, general ledger and other systems. We rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information on our computer systems and networks. Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client or customer information, whether through a breach of our computer systems or otherwise, could severely harm our business. Although we have implemented measures to prevent security breaches, cyber incidents and other security threats, our facilities and systems, and those of third party service providers, may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human error, or other similar events that could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Although, to date, we have not experienced any material losses relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches, there can be no assurance that we will not suffer such losses in the future. Our risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened because of, among other things, the evolving nature of these threats, the outsourcing of some of our business operations and the continued uncertain global economic environment. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate 
 16 

and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. Furthermore, the storage and transmission of such data is regulated at the federal and state level. Privacy information security laws and regulation changes, and compliance therewith, may result in cost increases due to system changes and the development of new administrative processes. If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations or experience a data security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, whether by us or our vendors, our reputation could be damaged, possibly resulting in lost future business, and we could be subject to fines, penalties, administrative orders and other legal risks as a result of a breach or non-compliance. 
 Our internal controls and procedures may fail or be circumvented. Management regularly reviews and updates our internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures, and corporate governance policies and procedures. Any system of controls, however well-designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable assurances that the objectives of the system are met. Any (a) failure or circumvention of our controls and procedures, (b) failure to adequately address any internal control deficiencies, or (c) failure to comply with regulations related to controls and procedures could have a material effect on our business, consolidated financial condition and results of operations. See Item 9A Controls and Procedures for further discussion of our internal controls. 
 Our growth strategy includes selectively acquiring businesses through acquisitions of other banks, and our ability to consummate these acquisitions on economically advantageous terms acceptable to us in the future is unknown. Our growth strategy includes acquisitions of other banks that serve customers or markets we find desirable, including our recent acquisitions of Community Bank of Northern Wisconsin CBN ), WFC, United Bank and F M. The market for acquisitions remains highly competitive, and we may be unable to find satisfactory acquisition candidates in the future that fit our acquisition and growth strategy. This competition could increase prices for potential acquisitions that we believe are attractive. Any such acquisitions could be funded through cash from operations, the issuance of equity and/or the incurrence of additional indebtedness, which amount may be material, or a combination thereof. Any acquisition could be dilutive to our earnings and stockholders equity per share of our common stock. Also, acquisitions are subject to various regulatory approvals. If we fail to receive the appropriate regulatory approvals, we will not be able to consummate an acquisition that we believe is in our best interests. Among other things, our regulators consider our capital, liquidity, profitability, regulatory compliance and levels of goodwill and intangibles when considering acquisition and expansion proposals. To the extent that we are unable to find suitable acquisition candidates, an important component of our growth strategy may be lost. 
 Acquisition and expansion activities may disrupt our business, dilute existing stockholders and adversely affect our operating results. We acquired F M in July 2019, United Bank in October 2018, WFC in August 2017 and CBN in May 2016. We intend to continue to evaluate potential acquisitions and expansion opportunities in the normal course of our business. Although the integration of F M, United Bank, WFC and CBN have been successfully completed, we cannot assure you that we will be able to adequately or profitably manage the ongoing integration of any such future acquisitions. Acquiring other banks or financial service companies, as well as other geographic and product expansion activities, involve various risks including: 
 risks of unknown or contingent liabilities; 
 unanticipated costs and delays; 
 risks that acquired new businesses do not perform consistent with our growth and profitability expectations; 
 risks of entering new markets or product areas where we have limited experience; 
 risks that growth will strain our infrastructure, staff, internal controls and management, which may require additional personnel, time and expenditures; 
 exposure to potential asset quality issues with acquired institutions; 
 difficulties, expenses and delays of integrating the operations and personnel of acquired institutions, and start-up delays and costs of other expansion activities; 
 potential disruptions to our business; 
 possible loss of key employees and customers of acquired institutions; 
 potential short-term decreases in profitability; and 
 diversion of our management s time and attention from our existing operations and business. 
 Our failure to execute our acquisition strategy could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects. 
 Our ability to pay dividends depends primarily on dividends from our banking subsidiary, the Bank, which is subject to regulatory and other limitations. We are a bank holding company and our operations are conducted primarily by our banking subsidiary, the Bank. Since we receive substantially all of our revenue from dividends from the Bank, our ability to pay dividends on our common stock depends on our receipt of dividends from the Bank. 
 17 

The Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from the Bank. As a bank holding company, the Company is subject to certain restrictions on its ability to pay dividends under applicable banking laws and regulations. Federal bank regulators are authorized to determine under certain circumstances relating to the financial condition of a bank holding company or a bank that the payment of dividends would be an unsafe or unsound practice and to prohibit payment thereof. In particular, federal bank regulators have stated that paying dividends that deplete a banking organization s capital base to an inadequate level would be an unsafe and unsound banking practice and that banking organizations should generally pay dividends only out of current operating earnings. In addition, in the current financial and economic environment, the Federal Reserve has indicated that bank holding companies should carefully review their dividend policy and has discouraged payment ratios that are at maximum allowable levels unless both asset quality and capital are very strong. 
 The ability of the Bank to pay dividends to us is also subject to its profitability, financial condition, capital expenditures and other cash flow requirements. The Bank may not be able to generate adequate cash flow to pay us dividends in the future. The Company s ability to pay dividends is also subject to the terms of its Subordinated Note Purchase Agreements dated August 27, 2020 and March 11, 2022 and Business Note Agreement dated June 26, 2019 each of which prohibits the Company from declaring or paying dividends while an event of default has occurred and is continuing under each respective agreement. The Company has pledged 100 of Bank stock as collateral for the loan and credit facilities provided for by the Business Note Agreement. The inability to receive dividends from the Bank could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 Furthermore, holders of our common stock are only entitled to receive the dividends as our Board of Directors may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. Although we have historically paid cash dividends on our common stock, we are not required to do so and our Board of Directors could reduce or eliminate our common stock dividend in the future. This could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 Our shares of common stock are thinly traded and our stock price may be more volatile. Because our common stock is thinly traded, its market price may fluctuate significantly more than the stock market in general or the stock prices of similar companies, which are exchanged, listed or quoted on the NASDAQ Stock Market. We believe there are 9,941,590 shares of our common stock held by nonaffiliates as of March 7, 2023. Thus, our common stock will be less liquid than the stock of companies with broader public ownership, and as a result, the trading prices for our shares of common stock may be more volatile, which may make it difficult for investors to resell shares at the volume, prices and times desired. Among other things, trading of a relatively small volume of our common stock may have a greater impact on the trading price of our stock than would be the case if our public float were larger. 
 REGULATORY AND COMPLIANCE RISKS 
 A new accounting standard may require us to increase our allowance for loan losses and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB has adopted a new accounting standard referred to as Current Expected Credit Loss, or CECL, which will require financial institutions to determine periodic estimates of lifetime expected credit losses on loans, and recognize the expected credit losses as allowances for loan losses. The FASB extended the effective date of CECL from January 2021 to January 2023 for smaller reporting companies such as the Company. Once effective, this will change the current method of providing allowances for loan losses that are probable, which may require us to increase our allowance for loan losses, and to greatly increase the types of data we will need to collect and review to determine the appropriate level of the allowance for loan losses. Banking regulators expect the new accounting standard will increase the allowance for loan losses. Any change in the allowance for loan losses at the time of adoption will be an adjustment to retained earnings and would change the Bank s capital levels. Any increase in our allowance for loan losses or expenses incurred to determine the appropriate level of the allowance for loan losses may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We operate in a highly regulated environment, and are subject to changes, which could increase our cost structure or have other negative impacts on our operations. The banking industry is extensively regulated at the federal and state levels. Insured depository institutions and their holding companies are subject to comprehensive regulation and supervision by financial regulatory authorities covering all aspects of their organization, management and operations. We are also subject to regulation by the SEC. Our compliance with these regulations, including compliance with regulatory commitments, is costly. Regulation includes, among other things, capital and reserve requirements, the level of deposit insurance premiums assessed, permissible investments and lines of business, mergers and acquisitions, restrictions on transactions with insiders and affiliates, anti-money laundering regulations, dividend limitations, community reinvestment requirements, limitations on products and services offered, loan limits, geographical limits, and consumer credit regulations. The system of supervision and regulation applicable to us establishes a comprehensive framework for our operations and is intended primarily for the protection of the Deposit Insurance Fund, our depositors and the public, rather than our stockholders. Any change in such regulation and oversight, whether in the form of regulatory policy, new regulations or legislation, or additional deposit insurance premiums could have a material impact on our operations. Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations or policies could result in sanction by regulatory agencies, civil monetary penalties, and/or damage to our reputation, which could have a material adverse 
 18 

effect on our business, consolidated financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any change in government regulation could have a material adverse effect on our business or our ability to pay dividends. 
 Federal law restricts the amount of voting stock of a bank holding company or a bank, that a person or group may acquire, without the prior approval of banking regulators. Under the federal Change in Bank Control Act and the regulations thereunder, a person or group must give advance notice to the Federal Reserve before acquiring control of any bank holding company, such as the Company, and the OCC before acquiring control of any national bank, such as the Bank. Under the BHCA and Federal Reserve guidance thereunder, a person or group will be presumed to control a bank holding company if they acquire a certain percentage of the bank holding company or if one or more other control factors are present. On January 31, 2020, the Federal Reserve Board approved the issuance of a final rule (which became effective October 1, 2020) that clarified and codified the Federal Reserve s standards for determining whether one company has control over another. The final rule established four categories of tiered presumptions of non-control that are based on the percentage of voting shares held by the investor (less than 5 , 5-9.9 , 10-14.9 and 15-24.9 and the presence of other indicia of control. As the percentage of ownership increases, fewer indicia of control are permitted without falling outside of the presumption of non-control. These indicia of control include nonvoting equity ownership, director representation, management interlocks, business relationship and restrictive contractual covenants. Under the final rule, investors can hold up to 24.9 of the voting securities and up to 33 of the total equity of a company without necessarily having a controlling influence. The overall effect of the BHCA is to make it more difficult to acquire a bank holding company and a bank by tender offer or similar means than it might be to acquire control of another type of corporation. Consequently, shareholders of the Company may be less likely to benefit from the rapid increases in stock prices that may result from tender offers or similar efforts to acquire control of other non-bank companies. Investors should be aware of these requirements when acquiring shares of our stock. 
 Our reporting obligations as a public company are costly. Reporting requirements of a public company change depending on the reporting classification in which the Company falls as of the end of its second quarter of each fiscal year. The Company is currently a smaller reporting company which allows us to provide certain simplified and scaled disclosures in our filings. We will remain a smaller reporting company for so long as the market value of the Company s common stock held by non-affiliates as of the end of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter is less than 250 million, or as of the same period the Company s annual revenues are less than 100 million and its public float is less than 700 million. In addition, the Company is currently considered a non-accelerated filer and will maintain that status for so long as the Company s annual revenues are less than 100 million, and its public float is more than 75 million but less than 700 million. If the Company were to be classified as an accelerated filer rather than a non-accelerated filer, then we would become subject to the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Section 404(b) requires that an independent registered public accounting firm provide an attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting and the operating effectiveness of these controls, making the public reporting process more costly. 
 Changes in federal or state tax laws could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business, financial condition and results of operations are impacted by tax policy implemented at the federal and state level. We cannot predict whether any other tax legislation will be enacted in the future or whether any such changes to existing federal or state tax law would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to changes in accounting principles, policies or guidelines. Our financial performance is impacted by accounting principles, policies and guidelines. Some of these policies require the use of estimates and assumptions that may affect the value of our assets or liabilities and financial results. Some of our accounting policies are critical because they require management to make subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because it is likely that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. If such estimates or assumptions underlying our financial statements are incorrect, we may experience material losses. 
 From time to time, the FASB and the SEC change the financial accounting and reporting standards or the interpretation of those standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. These changes are beyond our control, can be difficult to predict and could materially impact how we report our financial condition and results of operations. Changes in these standards are continuously occurring, and given recent economic conditions, more drastic changes may occur. The implementation of such changes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 19 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 The Company leases its main administrative offices located at 2174 EastRidge Center, Eau Claire, WI 54701. At December 31, 2022, the Bank had a total of 23 full-service branch offices located in the Wisconsin cities of Altoona, Barron, Eau Claire, Ellsworth, Ettrick, La Crosse, Ladysmith, Lake Hallie, Mondovi, Osseo, Rice Lake, Spooner, Strum and 
 Tomah (2); and the Minnesota cities of Albert Lea, Blue Earth, Fairmont, Faribault, Mankato, Oakdale, St. Peter and Wells. Of these, the Bank owns 19 and leases the remaining 4 branch offices. Management believes that our current facilities are adequate to meet our present and immediately foreseeable needs. For more information on our properties and equipment, see Note 5, Office Properties and Equipment of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. For more information on our leases, see Note 7, Leases of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 In the normal course of business, the Company and/or the Bank occasionally become involved in various legal proceedings. While the outcome of any such proceeding cannot be predicted with certainty, in our opinion, any liability from such proceedings would not have a material adverse effect on the business or financial condition of the Company. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 None 
 
 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Historically, trading in shares of our common stock has been limited. Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol CZWI . 
 We had approximately 584 stockholders of record at March 7, 2023. The number of stockholders does not separately reflect persons or entities that hold their stock in nominee or street name through various brokerage firms. We believe that the number of beneficial owners of our common stock on that date was substantially greater. 
 Dividends 
 The holders of our common stock are entitled to receive such dividends when and as declared by our Board of Directors and approved by our regulators. During the continuance of an event of default under its Subordinated Note Purchase Agreements entered into with certain accredited purchasers in August 2020 and March 2022, the Company would be restricted from declaring or paying any dividends on its capital stock. In determining the payment of cash dividends, our Board of Directors considers our earnings, capital and debt servicing requirements, the financial ratio guidelines of our regulators, our financial condition and other relevant factors. 
 The Company s ability to pay dividends on its common stock is dependent on the dividend payments it receives from the Bank, since the Company receives substantially all of its revenue in the form of dividends from the Bank. Future dividends are not guaranteed and will depend on the Company s ability to pay them. For more information on dividends, see Note 10, Capital Matters of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 For information relating to securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans, see Part III, Item 12. 

20 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer 
 On July 23, 2021, the Board of Directors adopted a new share repurchase program. Under this new share repurchase program, the Company may repurchase up to approximately 5 of the outstanding shares of its common stock as of July 23, 2021, or 532,962 shares, from time to time. During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, approximately 58 thousand shares were repurchased under this authorization. The table below shows information about our repurchases of our common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022. 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 301,305 November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 57,500 13.59 57,500 243,805 December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 243,805 Total 57,500 13.59 57,500 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

21 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 GENERAL 
 The following discussion sets forth management s discussion and analysis of our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and our financial position as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The MD A should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements, related notes, the selected financial data and the statistical information presented elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a more complete understanding of the following discussion and analysis. Unless otherwise noted, years refer to the Company s fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 PERFORMANCE SUMMARY 
 The following is a brief summary of some of the significant factors that affected our operating results for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. In 2022, net interest income was favorably impacted by the following: (1)growth in the loan portfolio and related growth in loan interest income; (2) the positive impact of higher interest rates on loan yields on new, renewing and repricing loans, which was more than offset by a reduction in the accretion of the Small Business Administration Paycheck Protection Program SBA PPP loan fees of 5.9 million; and (3) growth in the investment securities portfolio. These positive additions were offset by higher interest expense on subordinated debt due to (a) the issuance of 35 million with a coupon of 4.75 , partially offset by the call and redemption of 15 million of 6.75 subordinated debt issued in 2017 and (b) the impact of higher interest rates on FHLB advances and deposits. The Company recorded 1.5 million of provision for loan losses in 2022, largely due to loan growth and net charge-offs, partially offset by a reduction in specific reserves. No provision for loan losses was recorded in 2021 largely due to qualitative factor decreases to reflect greater certainty and improvement in current general economic conditions, offsetting the impact of organic loan growth. In 2022 s higher interest rate and tight housing supply environment, the Company experienced fewer mortgage loans originated for sale, which decreased gain on sale and income recorded in loan servicing income from the capitalization of mortgage servicing rights. Non-interest expense increased modestly in 2022, largely due to the cost of closing branches. 
 When comparing year-over-year results, changes in net interest income, provision for loan losses, non-interest income and non-interest expense are primarily due to the items discussed above. See the remainder of this section for a more thorough discussion. Unless otherwise stated, all monetary amounts in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, other than share, per share and capital ratio amounts, are stated in thousands. 
 We reported net income of 17.76 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, compared to net income of 21.27 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. Diluted earnings per share were 1.69 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1.98 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. Return on average assets for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, was 1.00 , compared to 1.23 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. The return on average equity was 10.70 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 12.97 for the comparable period in 2021. 

22 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP ). In connection with the preparation of our financial statements, we are required to make assumptions and estimates about future events and apply judgments that affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and the related disclosures. We base our assumptions, estimates and judgments on historical experience, current trends, and other factors that management believes to be relevant at the time our consolidated financial statements are prepared. Some of these estimates are more critical than others. Below is a discussion of our critical accounting estimates. 
 Allowance for Loan Losses. 
 We maintain an allowance for loan losses to absorb probable and inherent losses in our loan portfolio. The allowance is based on ongoing, quarterly assessments of the estimated probable incurred losses in our loan portfolio. In evaluating the level of the allowance for loan losses, we consider the types of loans and the amount of loans in our loan portfolio, historical loss experience, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, the estimated value of any underlying collateral, prevailing economic conditions and other relevant factors determined by management. We follow all applicable regulatory guidance, including the Interagency Policy Statement on the Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses, issued by the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEC). We believe that the Bank s Allowance for Loan Losses Policy conforms to all applicable regulatory requirements. However, based on periodic examinations by regulators, the amount of the allowance for loan losses recorded during a particular period may be adjusted. 
 Our determination of the allowance for loan losses is based on (1) specific allowances for specifically identified and evaluated impaired loans and their corresponding estimated loss based on likelihood of default, payment history and net realizable value of underlying collateral. Specific allocations for collateral dependent loans are based on the fair value of the underlying collateral relative to the unpaid principal balance of individually impaired loans. For loans that are not collateral dependent, the specific allocation is based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s original effective interest rate through the repayment period; and (2) a general allowance on loans not specifically identified in (1) above, based on historical loss ratios, which are adjusted for qualitative and general economic factors. We continue to refine our allowance for loan losses methodology, with an increased emphasis on historical performance adjusted for applicable economic and qualitative factors. 
 Assessing the allowance for loan losses is inherently subjective as it requires making material estimates, including the amount and timing of future cash flows expected to be received on impaired loans, any of which estimates may be susceptible to significant change. In our opinion, the allowance, when taken as a whole, reflects estimated probable loan losses in our loan portfolio 
 Loans acquired in connection with acquisitions are recorded at their acquisition-date fair value with no carryover of related allowance for loan losses. Any allowance for loan loss on these pools reflects only losses incurred after the acquisition (meaning the present value of all cash flows expected at acquisition that ultimately are not to be collected). 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. 
 We account for goodwill and other intangible assets in accordance with ASC Topic 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other. The Company records the excess of the cost of acquired entities over the fair value of identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired, less liabilities assumed, as goodwill. The Company amortizes acquired intangible assets with definite useful economic lives over their useful economic lives utilizing the straight-line method. On a periodic basis, management assesses whether events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of the intangible assets may be impaired. The Company does not amortize goodwill, but reviews goodwill for impairment at a reporting unit level on an annual basis, or when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may be impaired. A reporting unit is defined as any distinct, separately identifiable component of the Company s one operating segment for which complete, discrete financial information is available and reviewed regularly by the segment s management. The Company has one reporting unit as of December 31, 2022, which is related to its banking activities. The impairment testing process is conducted by assigning net assets and goodwill to the Company s reporting unit. An initial qualitative evaluation is made to assess the likelihood of impairment and determine whether further quantitative testing to calculate the fair value is necessary. When the qualitative evaluation indicates that impairment is more likely than not, quantitative testing is required whereby the fair value of the Company s reporting unit is calculated and compared to the recorded book value, step one. If the calculated fair value of the Company s reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill is not considered impaired, and step two is not considered necessary. If the carrying value of the company s reporting unit exceeds its calculated fair value, the impairment test continues 
 23 

step two by comparing the carrying value of the Company s reporting unit s goodwill to the implied fair value of goodwill. An impairment charge is recognized if the carrying value of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of goodwill. 
 In 2022, the Company performed quarterly reviews to determine if a triggering event had occurred that would require impairment testing. These quarterly reviews determined that no triggering event occurred during 2022. The Company performed its required annual goodwill impairment test as of December 31, 2022, and determined that goodwill was not impaired. 
 Fair Value Measurements and Valuation Methodologies. 
 We apply various valuation methodologies to assets and liabilities which often involve a significant degree of judgment, particularly when liquid markets do not exist for the particular items being valued. Quoted market prices are referred to when estimating fair values for certain assets, such as most investment securities. However, for those items for which an observable liquid market does not exist, management utilizes significant estimates and assumptions to value such items. Examples of these items include loans, deposits, borrowings, goodwill, core deposit intangible assets, other assets and liabilities obtained or assumed in business combinations, and certain other financial instruments. These valuations require the use of various assumptions, including, among others, discount rates, rates of return on assets, repayment rates, cash flows, default rates, and liquidation values. The use of different assumptions could produce significantly different results, which could have material positive or negative effects on the Company s results of operations, financial condition, or disclosures of fair value information. 
 In addition to valuation, the Company must assess whether there are any declines in value below the carrying value of assets that should be considered other than temporary or otherwise require an adjustment in carrying value and recognition of a loss in the consolidated statement of operations. Examples include but are not limited to: loans, investment securities, goodwill, core deposit intangible assets and deferred tax assets, among others. Specific assumptions, estimates and judgments utilized by management are discussed in detail herein in management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and in notes 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 13 and 14 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Income Taxes. 
 Amounts provided for income tax expenses are based on income reported for financial statement purposes and do not necessarily represent amounts currently payable under tax laws. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities, which arise principally from temporary differences between the amounts reported in the financial statements and the tax basis of certain assets and liabilities, are included in the amounts provided for income taxes. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income and tax planning strategies which will create taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and if necessary, tax planning strategies in making this assessment. 
 The assessment of tax assets and liabilities involves the use of estimates, assumptions, interpretations, and judgments concerning certain accounting pronouncements and application of specific provisions of Federal and state tax codes. There can be no assurance that future events, such as court decisions or positions of Federal and state taxing authorities, will not differ from management s current assessment, the impact of which could be material to our consolidated results of operations and reported earnings. We believe that the deferred tax assets and liabilities are adequate and properly recorded in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2022, management does not believe a valuation allowance related to the realizability of its deferred tax assets is necessary. 

24 

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS ANALYSIS 
 Twelve months ended December 31, 2022 vs. Twelve months ended December 31, 2021 
 Net Interest Income. Net interest income represents the difference between the dollar amount of interest earned on interest bearing assets and the dollar amount of interest paid on interest bearing liabilities. The interest income and expense of financial institutions are significantly affected by general economic conditions, competition, policies of regulatory authorities and other factors. 
 Interest rate spread and net interest margin are used to measure and explain changes in net interest income. Interest rate spread is the difference between the yield on interest earning assets and the rate paid for interest bearing liabilities that fund those assets. Net interest margin is expressed as the percentage of net interest income to average interest earning assets. Net interest margin exceeds interest rate spread because non-interest-bearing sources of funds net free funds ), principally demand deposits and stockholders equity, also support interest earning assets. The narrative below discusses net interest income, interest rate spread, and net interest margin. 
 Net interest income was 56.4 million for 2022 compared to 53.7 million for 2021. The increase is largely due to the positive loan volume variance due to growth in loans outstanding. Negative loan rate variances are due to a decrease in SBA PPP accretion of 5.9 million, which was partially offset by the impact of higher interest rates on newly originated, renewed and repricing loans. The positive rate variance on investment securities was largely due to the repricing of variable rate securities and the impact of new purchases above the portfolio rate. This positive rate variance was partially offset by higher interest expense on subordinated debt of 35 million issued in March 2022, with a coupon rate of 4.75 . In August 2022, interest expense was partially reduced by the call and redemption of 15 million of 6.75 subordinated debt issued in 2017. In addition, the impact of higher interest rates on liability costs reduced net interest income. 
 The net interest margin for 2022 was 3.39 compared to 3.34 for 2021. The increase in the net interest margin was due to the following factors: (1) the impact of higher interest rates on new, maturing, and repricing loans; (2) the impact of higher interest rates on the variable rate investment portfolio; and (3) a reduction in the balance of low yielding cash as a percentage of total assets. These positive impacts were partially offset by: (1) a decrease in SBA PPP loan accretion income of 5.9 million; (2) higher interest expense on subordinated debt, due to the issuance of 35 million with a coupon rate of 4.75 , partially offset by the call and redemption of 15 million of 6.75 subordinated debt issued in 2017; and (3) the impact of higher interest rates on liability costs. 

25 

Average Balances, Net Interest Income, Yields Earned and Rates Paid. The following table shows interest income from average interest earning assets, expressed in dollars and yields, and interest expense on average interest-bearing liabilities, expressed in dollars and rates. Also presented is the weighted average yield on interest earning assets on a tax-equivalent basis, rates paid on interest bearing liabilities and the resultant spread at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Non-accruing loans average balances are included in the table with the loans carrying a zero yield. 

Twelve months ended December 31, 2022 Twelve months ended December 31, 2021 Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Yield/ Rate Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Yield/ Rate Average interest earning assets: Cash and cash equivalents 19,796 203 1.03 99,839 122 0.12 Loans 1,351,052 61,639 4.56 1,216,244 58,172 4.78 Interest-bearing deposits 1,106 24 2.17 2,047 45 2.20 Investment securities (1) 278,056 6,767 2.43 271,715 5,009 1.84 Other investments 15,230 764 5.02 15,025 687 4.57 Total interest earning assets (1) 1,665,240 69,397 4.17 1,604,870 64,035 3.99 Average interest bearing liabilities: Savings accounts 225,204 730 0.32 212,867 369 0.17 Demand deposits 403,289 1,881 0.47 367,103 1,047 0.29 Money market 317,879 1,721 0.54 269,620 783 0.29 CD s 153,085 1,853 1.21 224,708 3,200 1.42 IRA s 35,192 244 0.69 39,699 451 1.14 Total deposits 1,134,649 6,429 0.57 1,113,997 5,850 0.53 FHLB Advances and other borrowings 189,274 6,599 3.49 173,029 4,518 2.61 Total interest bearing liabilities 1,323,923 13,028 0.98 1,287,026 10,368 0.81 Net interest income 56,369 53,667 Interest rate spread 3.19 3.18 Net interest margin (1) 3.39 3.34 Average interest earning assets to average interest bearing liabilities 1.26 1.25 
 
 (1) Fully taxable equivalent (FTE). The average yield on tax exempt securities is computed on a tax equivalent basis using a tax rate of 21 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The FTE adjustment to net interest income included in the rate calculations totaled 1 thousand and 3 thousand for the twelve month periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 26 

Rate/Volume Analysis. The following table presents the dollar amount of changes in interest income and interest expense for the components of interest earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities that are presented in the preceding table. For each category of interest earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, information is provided on changes attributable to: 1) changes in volume, which are changes in the average outstanding balances multiplied by the prior period rate (i.e., holding the initial rate constant); and 2) changes in rate, which are changes in average interest rates multiplied by the prior period volume (i.e., holding the initial balance constant). 
 
 Twelve months ended December 31, 2022 v. 2021 increase (decrease) due to Volume (1) Rate (1) Total Increase / (Decrease) Interest income: Cash and cash equivalents (353) 434 81 Loans 6,244 (2,777) 3,467 Interest-bearing deposits (20) (1) (21) Investment securities 119 1,639 1,758 Other investments 9 68 77 Total interest earning assets 5,999 (637) 5,362 Interest expense: Savings accounts 22 339 361 Demand deposits 111 723 834 Money market accounts 158 780 938 CD s (904) (443) (1,347) IRA s (46) (161) (207) Total deposits (659) 1,238 579 FHLB Advances and other borrowings 453 1,628 2,081 Total interest bearing liabilities (206) 2,866 2,660 Net interest income 6,205 (3,503) 2,702 
 
 (1) the change in interest due to both rate and volume has been allocated in proportion to the relationship to the dollar amounts of the change in each. 
 Provision for Loan Losses. We determine our provision for loan losses provision, or PLL to provide an adequate allowance for loan losses ALL to reflect probable and inherent credit losses in our loan portfolio. 
 The provision for loan losses recorded in 2022 was 1.5 million compared to no provision for 2021. In 2022, the provision allocated for originated loan growth was approximately 1.3 million for 2022 and the provision related to charge-offs, reduced by decreases in changes in specific reserves, was approximately 0.2 million. The remaining provision in 2022 was related to qualitative factor increases to reflect uncertainty in current general economic conditions and a modest increase in unallocated ALL. In 2021, the impact of growth in the originated loan portfolio and modest charge-offs were offset by a reduction in Q-Factors related to economic qualitative factor decreases to reflect reduced uncertainty in current general economic conditions and a modest reduction in the unallocated reserve. 
 Management believes that the provisions for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, are both adequate in view of the condition of the Bank s loan portfolio and the sufficiency of collateral supporting non-performing loans as of the respective year-end dates. We are continually monitoring non-performing loan relationships and will make provisions, as necessary, if the facts and circumstances change. In addition, a decline in the quality of our loan portfolio as a result of general economic conditions, factors affecting particular borrowers or our market areas, or other factors could all affect the adequacy of our ALL. If there are significant charge-offs against the ALL, or we otherwise determine that the ALL is inadequate, we will need to record an additional PLL in the future. See Note 1, Nature of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Allowance for Loan Losses of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data to this Form 10-K, for further analysis of the provision for loan losses. 
 27 

Non-Interest Income . The following table reflects the various components of non-interest income for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Twelve months ended December 31, Change from prior year 2022 2021 2022 over 2021 Non-interest Income: Service charges on deposit accounts 2,018 1,726 16.92 Interchange income 2,343 2,354 (0.47) Loan servicing income 2,439 3,322 (26.58) Gain on sale of loans 1,474 5,399 (72.70) Loan fees and service charges 679 705 (3.69) Net gains on investment securities 541 1,224 (55.80) Other 936 1,094 (14.44) Total non-interest income 10,430 15,824 (34.09) 
 N/M means not meaningful 
 Service charges on deposit accounts increased 292 thousand due to an increase in customer spending activity. 
 Loan servicing income decreased largely due to decreased capitalized mortgage servicing rights as a result of lower mortgage loan origination sold volumes. 
 The decrease in gain on sale of loans in 2022 is due to fewer mortgage loan originations and lower related sale volumes and a decrease in SBA loans sold. 
 Net gains on investment securities decreased in 2022 due to no realized gains on sale of AFS securities in 2022, compared to a 573 thousand net gain on sale in 2021. The sales in 2021 consisted of senior debt of large bank holding companies and lower yielding trust preferred securities. Both helped fund loan growth and decrease 100 risk weighted AFS securities. The net gains on investment securities were also impacted by smaller increases in the market value of our investment in Farmer Mac and Bankers Bank stock and the recognition of 367 thousand of net unrealized gain on investments recorded at Net Asset Value NAV ). 
 Other income decreased largely due to the cash receipt of 131 thousand in 2021 related to a private mortgage-backed security claim. This cash receipt represents a supplement to the proceeds received in fiscal 2015 from the private mortgage-backed security previously owned by the Bank and sold in 2011. 

28 

Non-Interest Expense. The following table reflects the various components of non-interest expense for 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Twelve months ended December 31, Change From prior year 2022 2021 2022 over 2021 Non-interest Expense: Compensation and related benefits 22,128 22,723 (2.62) Occupancy 5,490 5,327 3.06 Data processing 5,453 5,560 (1.92) Amortization of intangible assets 1,449 1,596 (9.21) Mortgage servicing rights expense, net 222 191 16.23 Advertising, marketing and public relations 1,017 986 3.14 FDIC premium assessment 470 551 (14.70) Professional services 1,707 1,542 10.70 Gains on repossessed assets, net (395) (199) 98.49 New market tax credit depletion 650 N/M Other 3,552 2,255 57.52 Total non-interest expense 41,743 40,532 2.99 Non-interest expense (annualized) / Average assets 2.32 2.35 
 
 Compensation expense decreased in 2022 primarily due to lower salaries due to lower headcount and a decrease in incentives based on performance. 
 Professional fees increased slightly in 2022 largely due to a modest increase in utilization of third parties in completing one-time and ongoing projects. 
 Gains on repossessed assets increased largely due to the sale of a former branch sold in 2022, partially offset by limited gains on sales of repossessed assets due to foreclosure compared to 2021. 
 In the first quarter of 2022, the Bank invested 4.1 million in a New Markets Tax Credit NMTC ). Based on current accounting guidance, the related non-tax-deductible asset depletion will occur over a 5-year period in lockstep with the recognition of the tax credit. The Emerging Issues Task Force of the Financial Accounting Standards Board has issued guidance that, if implemented in its current proposal, would change the depletion expense from equal to the tax credit until the asset is depleted, to being proportional with the NMTC recognized, which is seven years. 
 Other non-interest expense increased in 2022 primarily due to branch closure costs in 2022 of 1.0 million and 0.3 million of increased origination costs and deposit product costs. 
 Income Taxes. Income tax provision was 5.8 million in 2022 compared to 7.7 million for 2021 primarily due to the impact of lower pre-tax income and the impact of the new market tax credit purchased in 2022 discussed above. The 2022 effective tax rate was 24.7 compared to 26.6 in 2021. This difference is primarily due to the impact of the NMTC. 
 Income tax expense recorded in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations involves interpretation and application of certain accounting pronouncements and federal and state tax codes and is, therefore, considered a critical accounting policy. We undergo examination by various taxing authorities. Such taxing authorities may require that changes in the amount of tax expense or the amount of the valuation allowance be recognized when their interpretations differ from those of management, based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examinations. 
 
 29 

BALANCE SHEET ANALYSIS 
 Total assets increased 76.8 million to 1.82 billion at December 31, 2022, from 1.74 billion at December 31, 2021. Strong originated loan growth was funded by the utilization of excess asset liquidity, resulting in a decrease in cash and cash equivalents, net deposit growth, and the utilization of FHLB advances. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents decreased from 47.7 million at December 31, 2021, to 35.4 million at December 31, 2022. As noted above, this decrease, along with deposit growth and FHLB advances, funded loan portfolio growth. 
 Investment Securities. We manage our securities portfolio to provide liquidity, in an effort to improve interest rate risk, and enhance income. Our investment portfolio is comprised of securities available for sale AFS and securities held to maturity HTM ). 
 Securities AFS (recorded at fair value), which represent the majority of our investment portfolio, decreased to 166.0 million at December 31, 2022, compared with 203.1 million at December 31, 2021. This decrease is due to the change in unrealized losses of 24.6 million in 2022, along with principal repayments and maturities. These reductions were partially offset primarily by purchases of bank holding company issued capital instruments, which are classified as corporate debt securities. 
 In 2021, the sale of trust preferred securities issued by bank holding companies with an amortized cost of 17.4 million and 10.6 million of non-CDFI bank holding company senior debt, reduced the portfolio of these securities to zero. The weighted average coupon of these sales was 2.2 . The sale of these 100 risk-weighted assets partially offset the impact of loan growth on risk-weighted assets and increased the overall yield of interest-earning assets. In addition, the bank sold 9.7 million of other AFS securities, largely U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities. These 2021 sales resulted in net realized gains of 573 thousand, which is included in net gains on investment securities in the Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 Securities held to maturity increased to 96.4 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 71.1 million at December 31, 2021. The increase was largely due to the purchase of agency mortgage-backed securities, net of principal repayments. The unrealized loss on the held to maturity portfolio increased by 17.6 million during the year to 19.6 million at December 31, 2022. 
 The amortized cost and market values of our investment securities by asset categories as of the dates indicated below were as follows: 
 Available for sale securities Amortized Cost Fair Value December 31, 2022 U.S. government agency obligations 18,373 18,313 Obligations of states and political subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities 97,458 78,610 Corporate debt securities 44,636 40,251 Corporate asset-backed securities 29,877 28,817 Total available for sale securities 190,344 165,991 December 31, 2021 U.S. government agency obligations 25,826 26,265 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 140 140 Mortgage-backed securities 107,636 107,167 Corporate debt securities 35,342 35,588 Corporate asset-backed securities 33,902 33,908 Total available for sale securities 202,846 203,068 
 
 30 

Held to maturity securities Amortized Cost Fair Value December 31, 2022 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 600 546 Mortgage-backed securities 95,779 76,233 Total held to maturity securities 96,379 76,779 December 31, 2021 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 4,600 4,593 Mortgage-backed securities 66,541 64,584 Total held to maturity securities 71,141 69,177 
 The amortized cost and fair values of our investment securities by maturity, as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: 
 Available for sale securities Amortized Cost Estimated Fair Value Due in one year or less Due after one year through five years 8,525 8,184 Due after five years through ten years 45,622 41,427 Due after ten years 38,739 37,770 Total securities with contractual maturities 92,886 87,381 Mortgage-backed securities 97,458 78,610 Total available for sale securities 190,344 165,991 
 
 Held to maturity securities Amortized Cost Estimated Fair Value Due after one year through five years 450 415 Due after five years through ten years 150 131 Total securities with contractual maturities 600 546 Mortgage-backed securities 95,779 76,233 Total held to maturity securities 96,379 76,779 
 The amortized cost and fair values of our investment securities by maturity, as of December 31, 2021 were as follows: 
 Available for sale securities Amortized Cost Estimated Fair Value Due in one year or less 140 140 Due after one year through five years 4,903 4,971 Due after five years through ten years 40,410 40,818 Due after ten years 49,757 49,972 Total securities with contractual maturities 95,210 95,901 Mortgage-backed securities 107,636 107,167 Total available for sale securities 202,846 203,068 
 
 Held to maturity securities Amortized Cost Estimated Fair Value Due after one year through five years 4,300 4,298 Due after five years through ten years 300 295 Total securities with contractual maturities 4,600 4,593 Mortgage-backed securities 66,541 64,584 Total held to maturity securities 71,141 69,177 
 31 

The following tables show the fair value and gross unrealized losses of securities with unrealized losses, as of the dates indicated below, aggregated by investment category and length of time that the individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position: 
 Less than 12 Months 12 Months or More Total Available for sale securities Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses December 31, 2022 U.S. government agency obligations 3,169 138 1,138 95 4,307 233 Mortgage-backed securities 9,654 896 68,907 17,952 78,561 18,848 Corporate debt securities 21,547 1,688 18,704 2,697 40,251 4,385 Corporate asset-backed securities 7,955 221 20,862 839 28,817 1,060 Total available for sale securities 42,325 2,943 109,611 21,583 151,936 24,526 December 31, 2021 U.S. government agency obligations 1,169 1 1,169 1 Mortgage-backed securities 89,010 878 89,010 878 Corporate debt securities 17,240 142 735 15 17,975 157 Corporate asset-backed securities 19,296 127 19,296 127 Total available for sale securities 126,715 1,148 735 15 127,450 1,163 
 
 Less than 12 Months 12 Months or More Total Held to maturity securities Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses December 31, 2022 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 546 54 546 54 Mortgage-backed securities 16,627 2,416 59,367 17,137 75,994 19,553 Total held to maturity securities 16,627 2,416 59,913 17,191 76,540 19,607 December 31, 2021 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 593 7 593 7 Mortgage-backed securities 46,969 1,346 14,716 715 61,685 2,061 Total held to maturity securities 47,562 1,353 14,716 715 62,278 2,068 
 Unrealized losses reflected in the preceding tables have not been included in results of operations because the unrealized loss was not deemed other-than-temporary. Management has determined that more likely than not, the Company neither intends to sell, nor will it be required to sell each debt security before its anticipated recovery, and therefore recovery of cost will occur. 
 32 

The composition of our investment securities portfolio by credit rating as of the periods indicated below was as follows: 
 December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Available for sale securities Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value U.S. government agency 112,477 93,669 131,115 131,008 AAA 8,640 8,334 9,662 9,710 AA 24,591 23,737 26,727 26,762 A 5,700 5,133 5,700 5,720 BBB 38,936 35,118 29,642 29,868 Below investment grade Non-rated Total available for sale securities 190,344 165,991 202,846 203,068 
 
 December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Held to maturity securities Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value U.S. government agency 95,779 76,233 66,541 64,584 AAA AA 4,000 4,000 A 600 546 600 593 BBB Below investment grade Non-rated Total 96,379 76,779 71,141 69,177 
 At December 31, 2022, the Bank pledged certain of its mortgage-backed securities with a carrying value of 5.4 million as collateral to secure a line of credit with the Federal Reserve Bank. As of December 31, 2022, there were no borrowings outstanding on this Federal Reserve Bank line of credit. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank has pledged certain of its U.S. Government Agency securities with a carrying value of 2.6 million and mortgage-backed securities with a carrying value of 2.2 million as collateral against specific municipal deposits. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank also has mortgage-backed securities with a carrying value of 0.1 million pledged as collateral to the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines. 
 At December 31, 2021, the Bank has pledged certain of its mortgage-backed securities with a carrying value of 0.9 million as collateral to secure a line of credit with the Federal Reserve Bank. As of December 31, 2021, there were no borrowings outstanding on this Federal Reserve Bank line of credit. As of December 31, 2021, the Bank has pledged certain of its U.S. Government Agency securities with a carrying value of 3.9 million and mortgage-backed securities with a carrying value of 2.9 million as collateral against specific municipal deposits. As of December 31, 2021, the Bank also has mortgage-backed securities with a carrying value of 0.3 million pledged as collateral to the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines. 
 Loans. Total loans outstanding, net of deferred loan fees and costs, increased to 1.41 billion at December 31, 2022, from 1.31 billion at December 31, 2021. 
 Gross loan growth consisted largely of 27.5 million in commercial real estate loans, 30.6 million of multi-family real estate loans, 23.0 of construction and land development loans, and 13.8 million of commercial and industrial loan growth. In addition, the growth in residential mortgage and agricultural real estate portfolios of 23.8 million exceeded the reduction in the remaining loan portfolios of 19.6 million. Included in the shrink numbers above is 100 of the of SBA PPP loans of 8.8 million at December 31, 2021. 

33 

The following table reflects the composition, or mix, of our loan portfolio at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Amount Percent Amount Percent Real Estate Loans: Commercial/Agricultural real estate: Commercial real estate 725,971 51.5 698,465 53.3 Agricultural real estate 87,908 6.2 78,495 6.0 Multi-family real estate 208,908 14.8 178,349 13.6 Construction and land development 102,492 7.3 79,520 6.1 Residential mortgage: Residential mortgage 105,389 7.5 90,990 6.9 Purchased HELOC loans 3,262 0.2 3,871 0.3 Total real estate loans 1,233,930 87.5 1,129,690 86.2 C I/Agricultural operating and Consumer installment loans: C I/Agricultural operating: Commercial and industrial ("C I) 136,013 9.6 122,167 9.3 Agricultural operating 28,806 2.0 31,588 2.4 Consumer installment: Originated indirect paper 10,236 0.7 15,971 1.2 Other consumer 7,150 0.5 8,874 0.7 Total C I/Agricultural operating and Consumer installment loans 182,205 12.8 178,600 13.6 Gross loans before SBA PPP loans 1,416,135 100.3 1,308,290 99.8 SBA PPP Loans 8,755 0.7 Gross loans 1,416,135 100.3 1,317,045 100.5 Unearned net deferred fees and costs and loans in process (2,585) (0.2) (2,482) (0.2) Unamortized discount on acquired loans (1,766) (0.1) (3,600) (0.3) Total loans (net of unearned income and deferred expense) 1,411,784 100.0 1,310,963 100.0 Allowance for Loan losses (17,939) (16,913) Total loans receivable, net 1,393,845 1,294,050 
 
 Our loan portfolio is diversified by types of borrowers and industry groups within the market areas that we serve. Significant loan concentrations are considered to exist for a financial entity when the amounts of loans to multiple borrowers engaged in similar activities cause them to be similarly impacted by economic or other conditions. As illustrated above, at December 31, 2022, the largest loan concentration we identified was commercial real estate loans which comprised 52 of our total loan portfolio. Approximately 88 of our total gross loans are secured by real estate. 
 
 34 

The following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively the fixed and adjustable-rate loans in our loan portfolio: 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Amount Percent Amount Percent Fixed rate loans: Real estate loans: Commercial/Agricultural real estate 433,988 30.8 412,797 31.5 Residential mortgage 51,558 3.6 61,964 4.7 Total fixed rate real estate loans 485,546 34.4 474,761 36.2 Non-real estate loans: C I/Agricultural Operating 128,068 9.0 117,770 9.0 Consumer installment 17,369 1.2 24,828 1.9 Total fixed rate non-real estate loans 145,437 10.2 142,598 10.9 Total fixed rate loans 630,983 44.6 617,359 47.1 Adjustable-rate loans: Real estate loans: Commercial/Agricultural real estate 691,290 49.0 622,032 47.5 Residential mortgage 57,094 4.1 32,897 2.5 Total adjustable-rate real estate loans 748,384 53.1 654,929 50.0 Non-real estate loans: C I/Agricultural operating 36,752 2.6 44,740 3.4 Consumer installment 16 17 Total adjustable-rate non-real estate loans 36,768 2.6 44,757 3.4 Total adjustable-rate loans 785,152 55.7 699,686 53.4 Gross loans 1,416,135 1,317,045 Unearned net deferred fees and costs and loans in process (2,585) (0.2) (2,482) (0.2) Unamortized discount on acquired loans (1,766) (0.1) (3,600) (0.3) Total loans (net of unearned income) 1,411,784 100.0 1,310,963 100.0 Allowance for loan losses (17,939) (16,913) Total loans receivable, net 1,393,845 1,294,050 

35 

Loan amounts, their contractual maturities and weighted average interest rates at December 31, 2022 are shown below. 
 
 Real estate Non-real estate Commercial/Agricultural real estate Residential mortgage C I/Agricultural operating Consumer installment Total Amount Weighted Average Rate Amount Weighted Average Rate Amount Weighted Average Rate Amount Weighted Average Rate Amount Weighted Average Rate Due in one year or less (1) 80,481 5.93 2,199 5.10 56,915 7.91 760 7.41 140,355 6.73 Due after one year through five years 281,561 4.28 6,820 5.15 46,279 4.57 8,859 5.91 343,519 4.38 Due after five years 763,237 4.47 99,632 5.08 61,625 5.66 7,767 5.41 932,261 4.62 1,125,279 4.53 108,651 5.08 164,819 6.13 17,386 5.76 1,416,135 4.77 
 (1) Includes loans having no stated maturity and overdraft loans. 
 Loan amounts, their contractual maturities and weighted average interest rates at December 31, 2021, are shown below. SBA PPP loans at an interest rate of 1 are included in the C I/agricultural operating segment amounts as follows: (1) 2.1 million is included in the one year or less amounts and (2) 6.7 million is included in the one year to five-year amounts. 
 
 Real estate Non-real estate Commercial/Agricultural real estate Residential mortgage C I/Agricultural operating Consumer installment Total Amount Weighted Average Rate Amount Weighted Average Rate Amount Weighted Average Rate Amount Weighted Average Rate Amount Weighted Average Rate Due in one year or less (1) 60,102 4.42 5,234 4.50 50,573 3.71 871 6.98 116,780 4.13 Due after one year through five years 223,257 3.85 10,259 4.52 65,031 3.69 10,774 5.80 309,321 3.91 Due after five years 751,470 3.88 79,368 4.69 46,906 3.93 13,200 5.36 890,944 3.98 1,034,829 3.91 94,861 4.66 162,510 3.76 24,845 5.61 1,317,045 3.98 
 (1) Includes loans having no stated maturity and overdraft loans. 
 We believe that the critical factors in the overall management of credit or loan quality are sound loan underwriting and administration, systematic monitoring of existing loans and commitments, effective loan review on an ongoing basis, recording an adequate allowance to provide for incurred loan losses, and reasonable non-accrual and charge-off policies. 

36 

The following table summarizes SBA PPP loans by origination year as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 2020 Originations 2021 Originations Total Balance Net Deferred Fee Income Balance Net Deferred Fee Income Balance Net Deferred Fee Income SBA PPP loans, December 31, 2020 123,702 2,991 123,702 2,991 2021 SBA PPP loan originations 55,854 3,494 55,854 3,494 Less: 2021 SBA PPP loan forgiveness and fee accretion (121,574) (2,987) (49,227) (3,201) (170,801) (6,188) SBA PPP loans, December 31, 2021 2,128 4 6,627 293 8,755 297 Less: 2022 SBA PPP loan forgiveness and fee accretion (2,128) (4) (6,627) (293) (8,755) (297) SBA PPP loans, December 31, 2022 
 Risk Management and the Allowance for Loan Losses. The loan portfolio is our primary asset subject to credit risk. To address this credit risk, we maintain an ALL for probable and inherent credit losses through periodic charges to our earnings. These charges are shown in our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations as Provision for Loan Losses. See Statement of Operations Analysis - Provision for Loan Losses above. We attempt to control, monitor, and minimize credit risk through the use of prudent lending standards, a thorough review of potential borrowers prior to lending and ongoing and timely review of payment performance. Asset quality administration, including early identification of loans performing in a substandard manner, as well as timely and active resolution of problems, further enhances management of credit risk and minimization of loan losses. Any losses that occur and that are charged off against the ALL are periodically reviewed with specific efforts focused on achieving maximum recovery of both principal and interest on the affected loan. 
 At least quarterly, we review the adequacy of the ALL. Based on an estimate computed pursuant to the requirements of ASC 450-10, Accounting for Contingencies and ASC 310-10, Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan , the analysis of the ALL consists of three components: (i) specific credit allocation established for expected losses relating to specific impaired loans for which the recorded investment in the loan exceeds its fair value; (ii) general portfolio allocation based on historical loan loss experience for significant loan categories; and (iii) general portfolio allocation based on qualitative factors such as economic conditions and other relevant factors specific to the markets in which we operate. We currently segregate loans into pools based on common risk characteristics for purposes of determining the ALL. The additional segmentation of the portfolio is intended to provide a more effective basis for the determination of qualitative factors affecting our ALL. In addition, management continually evaluates our ALL methodology to assess whether modifications in our methodology are appropriate in light of underwriting practices, market conditions, identifiable trends, regulatory pronouncements or other factors. 

37 

Changes in the ALL by loan portfolio segment for the periods presented were as follows: 
 Commercial/Agricultural Real Estate C I/Agricultural Operating Residential Mortgage Consumer Installment Unallocated Total Year ended December 31, 2022: Allowance for Loan Losses: Beginning balance, January 1, 2022 12,354 1,959 518 225 774 15,830 Charge-offs (157) (310) (35) (45) (547) Recoveries 74 35 2 50 161 Provision 1,280 571 89 (109) 34 1,865 Total Allowance on originated loans 13,551 2,255 574 121 808 17,309 Other acquired loans: Beginning balance, January 1, 2022 856 69 130 28 1,083 Charge-offs (48) (36) (33) (3) (120) Recoveries 28 1 27 1 57 Provision (302) 29 (99) (18) (390) Total allowance on other acquired loans 534 63 25 8 630 Total allowance on acquired loans 534 63 25 8 630 Ending balance, December 31, 2022 14,085 2,318 599 129 808 17,939 
 
 Commercial/Agricultural Real Estate C I/Agricultural operating Residential Mortgage Consumer Installment Unallocated Total Year ended December 31, 2021: Allowance for Loan Losses: Beginning balance, January 1, 2021 10,271 2,112 1,041 489 906 14,819 Charge-offs (51) (54) (105) Recoveries 14 110 9 41 174 Provision 2,120 (263) (532) (251) (132) 942 Total Allowance on originated loans 12,354 1,959 518 225 774 15,830 Other acquired loans: Beginning balance, January 1, 2021 1,684 141 335 64 2,224 Charge-offs (200) (7) (27) (234) Recoveries 14 13 4 4 35 Provision (642) (78) (209) (13) (942) Total Allowance on other acquired loans 856 69 130 28 1,083 Total Allowance on acquired loans 856 69 130 28 1,083 Ending balance, December 31, 2021 13,210 2,028 648 253 774 16,913 
 
 The specific credit allocation for the ALL is based on a regular analysis of all originated loans that are considered impaired. In compliance with ASC 310-10, the fair value of the loan is determined based on either the present value of expected cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, the market price of the loan, or, if the loan is collateral dependent, the fair value of the underlying collateral less the expected cost of sale for such collateral. At December 31, 2022, the Company had evaluated loans for impairment with a recorded investment of 26.8 million, consisting of 7.0 million PCI loans, with a carrying amount of 6.9 million, 7.0 million of TDR loans, net of TDR PCI loans and 12.9 million of substandard non-TDR non-PCI loans. The 26.8 million total of loans individually evaluated for impairment includes 5.2 million of performing TDR loans. At December 31, 2021, the Company had evaluated loans for impairment with a recorded investment of 31.7 million, consisting of 11.2 million PCI loans, with a carrying amount of 10.6 million, 9.9 million of TDR loans, net of TDR PCI loans and 11.3 million of substandard non-TDR non-PCI loans. The 31.7 million total of loans individually evaluated for impairment includes 8.0 million of performing TDR loans. 
 38 

At December 31, 2022, the allowance for loan losses was 17.9 million or 1.27 of total loans compared to 16.9 million or 1.29 of our total loan portfolio at December 31, 2021. This level was based on our analysis of the loan portfolio risk at each of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, as discussed above. 
 Allowance for Loan Losses to Loans, net of SBA PPP Loans 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Loans, end of period 1,411,784 1,310,963 SBA PPP loans, net of deferred fees (8,457) Loans, net of SBA PPP loans and deferred fees 1,411,784 1,302,506 Allowance for loan losses 17,939 16,913 ALL to loans, end of period 1.27 1.29 
 All of the nine factors identified in the FFIEC s Interagency Policy Statement on the Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses are taken into account in determining the ALL. The impact of the factors in general categories are subject to change; thus, the allocations are management s estimate of the loan loss categories in which the probable and inherent loss has occurred as of the date of our assessment. Of the nine factors, we believe the following have the greatest impact on our customers ability to repay loans and our ability to recover potential losses through collateral sales: (1) lending policies and procedures; (2) economic and business conditions; and (3) the value of the underlying collateral. As loan balances and estimated losses in a particular loan type decrease or increase and as the factors and resulting allocations are monitored by management, changes in the risk profile of the various parts of the loan portfolio may be reflected in the allocated allowance. The general component of our ALL-covers non-impaired loans and is based on historical loss experience adjusted for these and other qualitative factors. In addition, management continues to refine the ALL estimation process as new information becomes available. These refinements could also cause increases or decreases in the ALL. The unallocated portion of the ALL is intended to account for imprecision in the estimation process or relevant current information that may not have been considered in the process. 
 Accruing loans 30-89 days or more past due increased 7.5 million at December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021, largely related to increases in agricultural real estate and construction and land development loans 30-59 days delinquent. 
 Nonaccrual loans decreased modestly to 11.2 million at December 31, 2022, from 11.7 million at December 31, 2021. 
 We believe our credit and underwriting policies continue to support more effective lending decisions by the Bank, which increases the likelihood of maintaining loan quality going forward. Refer to the Risk Management and the Allowance for Loan Losses section below for more information related to non-performing loans. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net loan charge-offs were 0.449 million compared to 0.130 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Certain external factors may result in higher future losses but are not readily determinable at this time, including, but not limited to: unemployment rates, increased taxes and continuing increased regulatory expectations with respect to ALL levels. As a result, our analysis may show a need to increase our ALL as a percentage of total loans and nonperforming loans for the near future. Loans charged-off are subject to periodic review and specific efforts are taken to achieve maximum recovery of principal, accrued interest and related expenses on the loans charged-off. 
 COVID-19 Loan Modifications. In response to COVID-19, our banking regulator issued an Interagency Statement encouraging financial institutions to work prudently with borrowers who are or may be unable to meet their contractual obligations due to COVID-19. Additionally, Section 4013 of the CARES Act provides that a qualified loan modification is exempt by law from classification as a TDR as defined by GAAP, from the period beginning March 1, 2020, until the earlier of December 31, 2020, or the date that is 60 days after the date on which the national emergency concerning the COVID-19 outbreak declared by the President of the United States under the National Emergencies Act is terminated. Section 541 of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 extends this relief to the earlier of January 1, 2022, or 60 days after the national emergency termination date. The President of the United States has announced that the national emergency declaration will end on May 11, 2023. The Interagency Statement was subsequently revised in April 2020 to clarify the interaction of the original guidance with Section 4013 of the CARES Act. In accordance with this guidance, the Bank instituted a plan to offer modifications to impacted borrowers. The Bank continues to work with borrowers as the pandemic persists and is requiring additional support in exchange for additional modifications beyond the original term. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank has 0.1 million of remaining residential mortgage COVID-19 related modifications under Section 4013 of the CARES Act. All 
 39 

previously deferred commercial loans have exited deferral status. At December 31, 2021, COVID-19 related modifications under Section 4013 of the CARES Act totaled 6.6 million, or 0.5 of gross loans. 
 Nonperforming Loans, Potential Problem Loans and Foreclosed Properties. We employ early identification of non-accrual and problem loans in order to minimize the risk of loss. Non-performing loans are defined as either 90 days or more past due or non-accrual. The accrual of interest income is discontinued according to the following schedules: 
 Commercial/agricultural real estate loans, past due 90 days or more; 
 Commercial and industrial/agricultural operating loans past due 90 days or more; 
 Closed ended consumer installment loans past due 120 days or more; and 
 Residential mortgage and open ended consumer installment loans past due 180 days or more. 
 When interest accruals are discontinued, interest credited to income is reversed. If collection is in doubt, cash receipts on non-accrual loans are used to reduce principal rather than recorded as interest income. Restructuring a loan typically involves the granting of some concession to the borrower involving a loan modification, such as modifying the payment schedule or making interest rate changes. Restructured loans may involve loans that have had a charge-off taken against the loan to reduce the carrying amount of the loan to fair market value as determined pursuant to ASC 310-10. Restructured loans that comply with the restructured terms are considered performing loans. 
 40 

The following table identifies the various components of non-performing assets and other balance sheet information as of the dates indicated below and changes in the ALL for the periods then ended: 
 December 31, 2022 and twelve months ended December 31, 2021 and twelve months ended Nonperforming assets: Nonaccrual loans Commercial real estate 5,736 5,374 Agricultural real estate 2,742 3,490 Commercial and industrial C I 552 298 Agricultural operating 890 993 Residential mortgage 1,253 1,433 Consumer installment 31 77 Total nonaccrual loans 11,204 11,665 Accruing loans past due 90 days or more 246 160 Total nonperforming loans NPLs 11,450 11,825 Other real estate owned 1,265 1,406 Other collateral owned 6 2 Total nonperforming assets NPAs 12,721 13,233 Troubled Debt Restructurings TDRs 7,788 12,523 Nonaccrual TDRs 2,617 4,539 Average outstanding loan balance 1,351,052 1,216,244 Loans, end of period 1,411,784 1,310,963 Total assets, end of period 1,816,386 1,739,628 ALL, at beginning of period 16,913 17,043 Loans charged off: Commercial/Agricultural real estate (205) (251) C I/Agricultural operating (346) (7) Residential mortgage (68) Consumer installment (48) (81) Total loans charged off (667) (339) Recoveries of loans previously charged off: Commercial/Agricultural real estate 102 28 C I/Agricultural operating 36 123 Residential mortgage 29 13 Consumer installment 51 45 Total recoveries of loans previously charged off: 218 209 Net loans charged off NCOs (449) (130) Additions to ALL via provision for loan losses charged to operations 1,475 ALL, at end of period 17,939 16,913 Ratios: ALL to NCOs (annualized) 3,995.32 13,010.00 NCOs (annualized) to average loans 0.03 0.01 ALL to total loans 1.27 1.29 NPLs to total loans 0.81 0.90 NPAs to total assets 0.70 0.76 
 
 41 

The following table shows the detail of non-performing assets by originated and acquired portfolios. 
 Nonperforming Originated and Acquired Assets 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Nonperforming assets: Originated nonperforming assets: Nonaccrual loans 8,947 6,448 Accruing loans past due 90 days or more 213 63 Total originated nonperforming loans NPL 9,160 6,511 Other real estate owned OREO 1,041 Other collateral owned 6 2 Total originated nonperforming assets NPAs 10,207 6,513 Acquired nonperforming assets: Nonaccrual loans 2,257 5,217 Accruing loans past due 90 days or more 33 97 Total acquired nonperforming loans NPL 2,290 5,314 Other real estate owned OREO 224 1,406 Other collateral owned Total acquired nonperforming assets NPAs 2,514 6,720 Total nonperforming assets NPAs 12,721 13,233 Loans, end of period 1,411,784 1,310,963 Total assets, end of period 1,816,386 1,739,628 Ratios: Originated NPLs to total loans 0.65 0.50 Acquired NPLs to total loans 0.16 0.41 Originated NPAs to total assets 0.56 0.37 Acquired NPAs to total assets 0.14 0.39 
 Non-performing assets include non-performing loans, other real estate owned, and other collateral owned. Our non-performing assets were 12.7 million, or 0.70 of total assets, at December 31, 2022, compared to 13.2 million, or 0.76 of total assets, at December 31, 2021. The decrease was largely due to a decrease in acquired nonaccrual loans and sale of a former branch asset transferred to OREO in 2021, partially offset by an increase in acquired nonaccrual loans and the transfer to OREO of two former branch assets in 2022. 
 Nonaccrual Loans Roll Forward 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Balance, beginning of period 11,665 10,747 Additions 3,934 6,580 Charge offs (493) (288) Transfers to OREO (92) (64) Return to accrual status (168) (1,017) Repurchase of government guaranteed loans 517 Payments received (4,140) (4,271) Other, net (19) (22) Balance, end of period 11,204 11,665 

42 

The table below shows the totals of accruing troubled debt restructurings as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. The decrease in troubled debt restructurings from 2021 to 2022 in dollars was largely due to one commercial real estate loan of 3.5 million that paid in full in 2022. 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings in Accrual Status 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Number of Modifications Recorded Investment Number of Modifications Recorded Investment Troubled debt restructurings: Accrual Status Commercial/Agricultural real estate 10 1,336 11 4,618 C I/Agricultural Operating 5 960 3 649 Residential mortgage 36 2,875 36 2,681 Consumer installment 6 36 Total loans 51 5,171 56 7,984 
 
 The table below shows the totals of special mention, substandard and the total of these, known as criticized loans as of December 31, 2022, and 2021. The increase in criticized loans in 2022 was largely due to the addition of two loans in the second quarter of 2022. One was a commercial real estate loan secured by a hotel, and the other was a fully secured C I working capital loan. This increase was partially offset by a reduction in originated accruing TDR loans, nonperforming and other substandard loans. 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Special mention loan balances 12,170 4,536 Substandard loan balances 17,319 22,817 Criticized loans, end of period 29,489 27,353 
 
 Accretable difference: 
 
 The table below shows scheduled accretion by year for the accretable difference recognized due to fair value purchase accounting on recent whole bank acquisitions. In addition, the table below shows 1.16 million of accretable discount from purchased impaired loans with the original non-accretable discount transferred to accretable discount. The accretion on this balance is scheduled to be approximately 80 in 2023; however, large balance payoffs, as seen in 2022, 2021 and 2020, would accelerate this accretion. 
 Fiscal years ending December 31, Purchase Accounting Accretable Discount 2023 363 2024 215 2025 180 2026 84 2027 77 Thereafter 751 Total 1,670 

43 

Mortgage Servicing Rights . The Company continues to sell loans to investors in the secondary market and generally retains the rights to service mortgage loans sold to others. MSR assets are initially measured at fair value by a third party; assessed at least quarterly for impairment; carried at the lower of the initial capitalized amount, net of accumulated amortization, or estimated fair value. MSR assets are amortized in proportion to and over the period of estimated net servicing income, with the amortization recorded in non-interest expense in the consolidated statement of operations. The valuation of MSRs and related amortization thereon are based on numerous factors, assumptions, and judgments, such as those for: changes in the mix of loans, interest rates, prepayment speeds, and default rates. Changes in these factors, assumptions and judgments may have a material effect on the valuation and amortization of MSRs. Although management believes that the assumptions used to evaluate the MSRs for impairment are reasonable, future adjustment may be necessary if future economic conditions differ substantially from the economic assumptions used to determine the value of MSRs. 
 The fair market value of the Company s MSR asset increased to 5.7 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 4.3 million at December 31, 2021. Impairment reversals of 0.6 million were recorded in 2022 on the MSR impairment which reduced the impairment to zero at December 31, 2022. This was partially offset by a reduction in the gross MSR balance of 0.5 million, which was due to amortization of 0.8 million and additions from originations of 0.3 million. In 2021, amortization was 1.6 million and additions from originations were 1.1 million for a reduction in the gross asset of 0.5 million The unpaid balances of one- to four-family residential real estate loans serviced for others as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, were 523.7 million and 556.1 million, respectively. The fair market value of the Company s MSR asset as a percentage of its servicing portfolio at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 was 1.08 and 0.78 , respectively. 
 Intangible Assets. We have intangible assets of 2.4 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 3.9 million at December 31, 2021. The intangible assets are comprised of core deposit intangible assets arising from various acquisitions from 2016 through 2019. Amortization of these intangibles was 1.4 million in 2022. 
 Foreclosed and repossessed assets. Included in foreclosed and repossessed assets, net are two closed branch locations that are being held for sale. These properties are being held at 1,041 and 130, respectively, which represent their estimated fair market values less the cost to sell. In 2022, a loss of 666 was recognized on the reclassification of these properties from fixed assets to foreclosed assets. 
 The bank closed on the sale of the property valued at 130 in January 2023 to a non-financial institution at the carrying value. 
 Deposits. Deposits are our largest source of funds. Total deposits increased to 1.42 billion at December 31, 2022, from 1.39 billion at December 31, 2021. The increase in deposits was largely due to the addition of 39.8 million of broker certificates in the third and fourth quarter. Based on current market conditions, the brokered CD markets are available to the Bank for supplemental additions. Growth in non-interest bearing demand deposits and money market accounts was partially offset by a 25.0 million reduction in interest bearing demand deposits as customers sought higher yields and a reduction in CD s of 17.5 million before the impact of brokered CD additions. 
 The following is a summary of deposits by type at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Non interest bearing demand deposits 284,722 276,631 Interest bearing demand deposits 371,210 396,231 Savings accounts 220,019 222,674 Money market accounts 323,435 288,985 Certificate accounts 225,334 203,014 Total deposits 1,424,720 1,387,535 
 44 

Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) advances and other borrowings. A summary of Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) advances and other borrowings at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 is as follows: 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Stated Maturity Amount Range of Stated Rates Stated Maturity Amount Range of Stated Rates Federal Home Loan Bank advances (1), (2), (3), (4) 2022 2022 11,000 2.45 2.45 2023 117,000 1.43 4.31 2023 20,000 1.43 1.44 2024 20,530 0.00 1.45 2024 20,530 0.00 1.45 2025 5,000 1.45 1.45 2025 5,000 1.45 1.45 2029 2029 42,500 1.00 1.13 2030 2030 12,500 0.52 0.86 Subtotal 142,530 111,530 Unamortized discount on acquired notes (3) Federal Home Loan Bank advances, net 142,530 111,527 Other borrowings: Senior notes (5) 2034 23,250 3.00 6.75 2031 28,856 3.00 3.50 Subordinated notes (6) 2027 2027 15,000 6.75 6.75 2030 15,000 6.00 6.00 2030 15,000 6.00 6.00 2032 35,000 4.75 4.75 2032 50,000 30,000 Unamortized debt issuance costs (841) (430) Total other borrowings 72,409 58,426 Totals 214,939 169,953 
 (1) The FHLB advances bear fixed rates, require interest-only monthly payments, and are collateralized by a blanket lien on pre-qualifying first mortgages, home equity lines, multi-family loans and certain other loans which had pledged balances of 984,878 and 861,900 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the Bank s available and unused portion under the FHLB borrowing arrangement was approximately 256,773 compared to 204,271 as of December 31, 2021. 
 (2) Maximum month-end borrowed amounts outstanding under this borrowing agreement were 157,530 and 123,530, during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 (3) The weighted-average interest rates on FHLB borrowings, with maturities less than twelve months, outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were 4.09 and 2.45 , respectively. 
 (4) At December 31, 2022, no FHLB term notes can be called by the FHLB. At December 31, 2021, FHLB term notes totaling 55,000 could be called by the FHLB on a quarterly basis, and if not called, would mature at various dates in 2029 and 2030. These notes were called by the FHLB in 2022. 
 (5) Senior notes, entered into by the Company in June 2019 consist of the following: 
 (a) A term note, which was subsequently refinanced in March 2022, requiring quarterly interest-only payments through March 2025, and quarterly principal and interest payments thereafter. Interest is variable, based on US Prime rate minus 75 basis points with a floor rate of 3.00 . 
 (b) A 5,000 line of credit, maturing in August 2023, that remains undrawn upon. 
 (6) Subordinated notes resulted from the following: 
 (a) The Company s private sale in August 2017, which bore a fixed interest rate of 6.75 for five years. In August 2022, they converted to a three-month LIBOR plus 4.90 rate, and the interest rate will reset quarterly thereafter. The note was 
 45 

callable by the Bank when, and anytime after, the floating rate is initially set. Interest-only payments were due quarterly. The Company sent the required redemption notice to the note holders in June 2022, and this subordinated note was called and repaid in full on August 10, 2022. 
 (b) The Company s Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement entered into with certain purchasers in August 2020, which bears a fixed interest rate of 6.00 for five years. In September 2025, the fixed interest rate will be reset quarterly to equal the three-month term Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus 591 basis points. The note is callable by the Bank when, and anytime after, the floating rate is initially set. Interest-only payments are due semi-annually each year during the fixed interest period and quarterly during the floating interest period. 
 (c) The Company s Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement entered into with certain purchasers in March 2022, which bears a fixed interest rate of 4.75 for five years. In April 2027, the fixed interest rate will be reset quarterly to equal the three-month term Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus 329 basis points. The note is callable by the Bank when, and anytime after, the floating rate is initially set. Interest-only payments are due semi-annually each year during the fixed interest period and quarterly during the floating interest period. 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) advances and other borrowings 
 We utilize advances and other borrowings, as necessary, to supplement core deposits to meet our funding and liquidity needs and we evaluate all options for funding securities. 
 FHLB advances increased 31.0 million to 142.5 million as of December 31, 2022, compared to 111.5 million as of December 31, 2021. The Bank terminated 15.0 million of advances in the quarter ended March 31, 2022, incurring a 0.002 million prepayment penalty, as we modestly reduced excess liquidity. 27.5 million of FHLB advances were called by the FHLB in each of the quarters ended June 30, 2022, and September 30, 2022. The Bank added a 5 million advance maturing in the second quarter of 2023. The Bank had 12 million of FHLB advances maturing overnight as of December 31, 2022, and an additional 95.0 million maturing in January of 2023. The Bank has an irrevocable Standby Letter of Credit Master Reimbursement Agreement with the Federal Home Loan Bank. This irrevocable standby letter of credit LOC is supported by loan collateral as an alternative to directly pledging investment securities on behalf of a municipal customer as collateral for their interest-bearing deposit balances. The Bank s current unused borrowing capacity, supported by loan collateral as of December 31, 2022, is approximately 256.8 million. 
 The Bank maintains three unsecured federal funds purchased lines of credit with its banking partners which total 75.0 million. These lines bear interest at the lender bank s announced daily federal funds rate, mature daily and are revocable at the discretion of the lending institution. There were no borrowings outstanding on these lines of credit as of December 31, 2022, or December 31, 2021. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank had the ability to borrow 4.1 million and 0.8 from the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis. The ability to borrow is based on mortgage-backed securities pledged with a carrying value of 5.4 million and 0.9 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were no Federal Reserve borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Stockholders Equity. Total stockholders equity was 167.1 million at December 30, 2022, compared to 170.9 million at December 31, 2021. The increases in stockholders equity included the Company s net income of 17.8 million and restricted stock amortization of 0.9 million. These increases were more than offset by: (1) the repurchase of approximately 129 thousand shares of its common stock, which reduced equity by 1.8 million; (2) the payment of the annual cash dividend, paid in February 2022, to common stockholders at 0.26 per share or 2.7 million; and (3) an increase in the unrealized loss on available for sale securities of 17.8 million. 
 In November 2020, the Board of Directors authorized a 5 or 557 thousand share repurchase program. The Company repurchased all remaining authorized shares of the Company s stock under the November 2020 share repurchase program not previously repurchased in 2020 during the year ended December 31, 2021. On July 23, 2021, the Board of Directors adopted a new share repurchase program. Under this new share repurchase program, approximately 129 thousand shares were repurchased during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company is authorized to repurchase an additional 243 thousand shares under this July 2021 share repurchase program. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act was signed into law, which includes a 1 excise tax on stock repurchases. We do not expect the 1 excise tax on stock repurchases under the Inflation Reduction Act will have a material impact to our financial statements for the fiscal years after December 31, 2022. 
 Liquidity and Asset / Liability Management. Liquidity management refers to our ability to ensure cash is available in a timely manner to meet loan demand, depositors needs, and meet other financial obligations as they become due without undue 
 46 

cost, risk, or disruption to normal operating activities. We manage and monitor our short-term and long-term liquidity positions and needs through a regular review of maturity profiles, funding sources, and loan and deposit forecasts to minimize funding risk. A key metric we monitor is our liquidity ratio, calculated as cash and securities portfolio divided by total assets. At December 31, 2022, our liquidity ratio decreased to 13.0 percent from 17.0 at December 31, 2021. This was largely due to a reduction in interest-bearing cash. 
 Our primary sources of funds are deposits, amortization, prepayments and maturities on the investment and loan portfolios and funds provided from operations. We use our sources of funds primarily to meet ongoing commitments, to pay maturing certificates of deposit and savings withdrawals, and to fund loan commitments. While scheduled payments from the amortization of loans and maturing short-term investments are relatively predictable sources of funds, deposit flows and loan prepayments are greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic conditions and competition. Although 128.5 million of our 225.3 million (57 CD portfolio will mature within the next 12 months, we have historically retained a majority of our maturing CD s. However, due to strategic pricing decisions regarding rate matching and branch closures, our retention rate decreased in 2022 and may remain at lower than historical levels in 2023 based on management s current pricing strategy, which reflects the Bank s current strong on-balance sheet liquidity ratio. Through new deposit product offerings to our branch and commercial customers, we are currently attempting to strengthen customer relationships to attract additional non-rate sensitive deposits. Based on interest rates on scheduled maturities and lower current market interest rates, this should also improve our cost of funds. 
 We maintain access to additional sources of funds including FHLB borrowings and lines of credit with the Federal Reserve Bank, and our correspondent banks. We utilize FHLB borrowings to leverage our capital base, to provide funds for our lending and investment activities, and to manage our interest rate risk. Our borrowing arrangement with the FHLB calls for pledging certain qualified real estate, commercial and industrial loans, and borrowing up to 75 of the value of those loans, not to exceed 35 of the Bank s total assets. Currently, we have approximately 256.8 million available to borrow under this arrangement, supported by loan collateral as of December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2021, the Bank had no borrowing capacity under the Federal Reserve SBA PPP Liquidity Facility, as the program expired on July 30, 2021. We also had borrowing capacity of 4.1 million at the Federal Reserve Bank and 75 million of uncommitted federal funds purchased lines with correspondent banks as part of our contingency funding plan. In addition, the Company maintains a 5.0 million revolving line of credit which is available as needed for general liquidity purposes. While the Bank does not have formal brokered certificate lines of credit with counter parties at December 31, 2022, we believe that the Bank could access this market, which provides an additional potential source of liquidity as evidenced by third and fourth quarter 2022 new brokered deposits. See Note 9, Federal Home Loan Bank and Other Borrowings of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements which are included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Form 10-K, for further detail. 
 In reviewing the adequacy of our liquidity, we review and evaluate historical financial information, including information regarding general economic conditions, current ratios, management goals and the resources available to meet our anticipated liquidity needs. Management believes that our liquidity is adequate, and to management s knowledge, there are no known events or uncertainties that will result or are likely to reasonably result in a material increase or decrease in our liquidity. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements . In the ordinary course of business, the Bank has entered into off-balance sheet financial instruments, issued to meet customer financial needs. Such financial instruments are recorded in the financial statements when they become payable. These instruments include unused commitments for lines of credit, overdraft protection lines of credit and home equity lines of credit, as well as commitments to extend credit. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 243.0 million in unused loan commitments, compared to approximately 271.0 million in unused commitments as of December 31, 2021. In addition, there are 4.7 million of commitments for contributions of capital to an SBIC and an investment company at December 31, 2022. These commitments totaled 5.0 million at December 31, 2021. See Note 11, Commitments and Contingencies Financial Instruments with Off-Balance Sheet Risk of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements which are included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Form 10-K, for further detail. 
 
 47 

Capital Resources. As of the dates indicated below, our Tier 1 and Risk-based capital levels exceeded levels necessary to be considered Well Capitalized under Prompt Corrective Action provisions for the Bank. 
 Below are the amounts and ratios for our capital levels as of the dates noted below for the Bank. 
 
 Actual For Capital Adequacy Purposes To Be Well Capitalized Under Prompt Corrective Action Provisions Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio As of December 31, 2022 Total capital (to risk weighted assets) 221,361 14.2 124,971 > = 8.0 156,213 > = 10.0 Tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) 203,422 13.0 93,728 > = 6.0 124,971 > = 8.0 Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) 203,422 13.0 70,296 > = 4.5 101,539 > = 6.5 Tier 1 leverage ratio (to adjusted total assets) 203,422 11.5 70,610 > = 4.0 88,262 > = 5.0 As of December 31, 2021 Total capital (to risk weighted assets) 187,783 13.4 111,694 > = 8.0 139,618 > = 10.0 Tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) 170,870 12.2 83,771 > = 6.0 111,694 > = 8.0 Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) 170,870 12.2 62,828 > = 4.5 90,752 > = 6.5 Tier 1 leverage ratio (to adjusted total assets) 170,870 10.0 68,323 > = 4.0 85,403 > = 5.0 
 At December 31, 2022, the Bank was categorized as Well Capitalized under Prompt Corrective Action Provisions, as determined by the OCC, our primary regulator. 
 Below are the amounts and ratios for our capital levels as of the dates noted below for the Company. 
 
 Actual For Capital Adequacy Purposes Amount Ratio Amount Ratio As of December 31, 2022 Total capital (to risk weighted assets) 218,737 14.0 124,971 > = 8.0 Tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) 150,798 9.7 93,728 > = 6.0 Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) 150,798 9.7 70,296 > = 4.5 Tier 1 leverage ratio (to adjusted total assets) 150,798 8.5 70,610 > = 4.0 As of December 31, 2021 Total capital (to risk weighted assets) 182,242 13.1 111,694 > = 8.0 Tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) 135,329 9.7 83,771 > = 6.0 Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) 135,329 9.7 62,828 > = 4.5 Tier 1 leverage ratio (to adjusted total assets) 135,329 7.9 68,323 > = 4.0 

48 

Selected Quarterly Financial Data 
 The following is selected financial data summarizing the results of operations for each quarter as of the periods indicated below: 
 Year ended December 31, 2022: 
 March 31, 2022 June 30, 2022 September 30, 2022 December 31, 2022 Interest income 15,376 16,703 17,959 19,359 Interest expense 2,209 2,436 3,502 4,881 Net interest income 13,167 14,267 14,457 14,478 Provision for loan losses 400 375 700 Net interest income after provision for loan losses 13,167 13,867 14,082 13,778 Non-interest income 2,713 2,372 2,472 2,873 Non-interest expense 9,668 10,462 11,277 10,336 Income before income tax expense 6,212 5,777 5,277 6,315 Provision for income tax 1,506 1,411 1,284 1,619 Net income 4,706 4,366 3,993 4,696 Basic earnings per share 0.45 0.41 0.38 0.45 Diluted earnings per share 0.45 0.41 0.38 0.45 Dividends paid 0.26 
 Year ended December 31, 2021: 
 March 31, 2021 June 30, 2021 September 30, 2021 December 31, 2021 Interest income 15,620 15,478 16,175 16,762 Interest expense 2,856 2,647 2,487 2,378 Net interest income 12,764 12,831 13,688 14,384 Provision for loan losses Net interest income after provision for loan losses 12,764 12,831 13,688 14,384 Non-interest income 4,176 3,793 3,448 4,407 Non-interest expense 9,489 10,198 10,320 10,525 Income before income tax expense 7,451 6,426 6,816 8,266 Provision for income tax 1,945 1,720 1,819 2,209 Net income 5,506 4,706 4,997 6,057 Basic earnings per share 0.50 0.44 0.47 0.58 Diluted earnings per share 0.50 0.44 0.47 0.58 Dividends paid 0.23 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Our Risk When Interest Rates Change . The rates of interest we earn on assets and pay on liabilities generally are established contractually for a period of time. Market interest rates change over time and are not predictable or controllable. Accordingly, our results of operations, like those of other financial institutions, are impacted by changes in interest rates and the interest rate sensitivity of our assets and liabilities. Like other financial institutions, our interest income and interest expense are affected by general economic conditions and policies of regulatory authorities, including the monetary policies of the Federal Reserve. The risk associated with changes in interest rates and our ability to adapt to these changes is known as interest rate risk and is our most significant market risk. 
 How We Measure Our Risk of Interest Rate Changes . As part of our attempt to manage our exposure to changes in interest rates and comply with applicable regulations, we monitor our interest rate risk through several means including through the use of third party reporting software. In monitoring interest rate risk, we continually analyze and manage assets and liabilities based on their payment streams and interest rates, the timing of their maturities, and their sensitivity to actual or potential changes in market interest rates. 
 49 

In order to manage the potential for adverse effects of material and prolonged increases in interest rates on our results of operations, we adopted asset and liability management policies to better align the maturities and re-pricing terms of our interest earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. These policies are implemented by our Asset and Liability Management Committee (ALCO). The ALCO is comprised of members of the Bank s senior management and a member from the Board of Directors. The ALCO establishes guidelines for and monitors the volume and mix of our assets and funding sources, taking into account relative costs and spreads, interest rate sensitivity and liquidity needs. The Committee s objectives are to manage assets and funding sources to produce results that are consistent with liquidity, cash flow, capital adequacy, growth, risk and profitability goals for the Bank. The ALCO meets on a regularly scheduled basis to review, among other things, economic conditions and interest rate outlook, current and projected liquidity needs and capital position, anticipated changes in the volume and mix of assets and liabilities and interest rate risk exposure limits versus current projections pursuant to net present value of portfolio equity analysis. At each meeting, the Committee recommends strategy changes, as appropriate, based on this review. The Committee is responsible for reviewing and reporting on the effects of the policy implementations and strategies to the Bank s Board of Directors on a regularly scheduled basis. 
 In order to manage our assets and liabilities and achieve desired levels of liquidity, credit quality, cash flow, interest rate risk, profitability and capital targets, we have focused our strategies on: 
 originating shorter-term secured commercial, agricultural and consumer loan maturities; 
 originating variable rate commercial and agricultural loans; 
 the sale of a vast majority of longer-term fixed-rate residential loans in the secondary market with retained servicing; 
 managing our funding needs by growing core deposits; 
 utilizing brokered certificate of deposits and borrowings as appropriate, which may have fixed rates with varying maturities; 
 purchasing investment securities to modify our interest rate risk profile 
 At times, depending on the level of general interest rates, the relationship between long- and short-term interest rates, market conditions and competitive factors, the ALCO may determine to increase the Bank s interest rate risk position somewhat in order to maintain or improve its net interest margin. 
 50 

The following table sets forth, at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, an analysis of our interest rate risk as measured by the estimated changes in Economic Value of Equity (EVE) resulting from an immediate and permanent shift in the yield curve with the results of the scenarios shown in the table below. As of December 31, 2021, due to the level of interest rates, EVE estimates for decreases in interest rates greater than 100 basis points were not meaningful. The reduction in risk in the up-interest rate shocks from December 31, 2021 in the percentage of change in economic value of equity is largely due to the increased value of non-maturity deposits. 
 Percent Change in Economic Value of Equity (EVE) Change in Interest Rates in Basis Points bp Rate Shock in Rates (1) At December 31, 2022 At December 31, 2021 +300 bp 0 (5) +200 bp 0 (3) +100 bp 0 (1) -100 bp (1) (1) -200 bp (4) N/M 
 (1) Assumes an immediate and parallel shift in the yield curve at all maturities. 
 Our overall interest rate sensitivity is demonstrated by net interest income shock analysis which measures the change in net interest income in the event of an immediate and permanent shift in the yield curve. This analysis assesses the risk of change in our net interest income over the next 12 months in the event of an immediate and parallel shift in the yield curve and the results of the scenarios are shown in the table below. As of December 31, 2021, due to the level of interest rates, projected changes in net interest income for rate shock level decreases greater than 100 basis points were not meaningful. The decrease in the reduction of the percent change in net interest income rate shocks in the up-interest scenarios is largely due to the impact of the actual results and changes in the balance sheet compared to a flat balance sheet used in the simulation. 
 Percent Change in Net Interest Income Over One Year Horizon Change in Interest Rates in Basis Points bp Rate Shock in Rates (1) At December 31, 2022 At December 31, 2021 +300 bp (3) (11) +200 bp (2) (7) +100 bp (1) (4) -100 bp 1 0 -200 bp 2 N/M 
 (1) Assumes an immediate and parallel shift in the yield curve at all maturities. 
 Note: The table above may not be indicative of future results. 
 The assumptions used to measure and assess interest rate risk include interest rates, loan prepayment rates, deposit decay (runoff) rates, and the market values of certain assets under differing interest rate scenarios. Actual values may differ from those projections set forth above should market conditions vary from the assumptions used in preparing the analysis. Further, the computations do not contemplate any actions we may undertake in response to changes in interest rates. 
 
 51 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm ; ; PCAOB ID 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

52 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 
 Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 Eau Claire, Wisconsin 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiary (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations , comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America, the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) and our report dated March 7, 2023, expressed an unmodified opinion. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risk of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

53 

Allowance for Loan Losses 
 As discussed in Notes 1 and 3 to the Company s consolidated financial statements, the Company has a gross loan portfolio of 1.4 billion and related allowance for loan losses of 17.9 million as of December 31, 2022. The Company s allowance for loan losses is a material and complex estimate requiring significant management s judgment in the evaluation of the credit quality and the estimation of inherent losses within the loan portfolio. The allowance for loan losses includes a general reserve which is determined based on the results of a quantitative and a qualitative analysis of all loans not measured for impairment at the reporting date. 
 
 The Company s general reserves cover non-impaired loans and is based on historical loss rates and qualitative loss factors for each portfolio. In calculating the allowance for loan losses, the Company considers relevant credit quality indicators for each loan segment, and estimates losses for each loan type based upon their nature and risk profile. This process requires significant management judgment in the review of the loan portfolio and assignment of risk ratings based upon the characteristics of loans. In addition, estimation of losses inherent within the portfolio requires significant management judgment, particularly where the Company has not incurred sufficient historical losses and has utilized industry data in forming its estimate. 
 
 Auditing these complex judgments and assumptions involves especially challenging auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit evidence and effort required to address these matters, including the extent of specialized skill or knowledge needed. 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 Obtaining an understanding of the Company s process for determining the allowance for loan losses, which includes management s determination of and changes to qualitative adjustments as of the balance sheet date. 
 
 Evaluating the design and testing the operating effectiveness of controls relating to the development and approval of the allowance for loan loss methodology, controls around the reliability and accuracy of the information used in the calculation and management s review and approval of the allowance for loan losses. 
 
 Evaluating the reasonableness of assumptions and reasonableness, accuracy and completeness of data used by management in forming the loss factors by performing retrospective review of historic loan loss experience and analyzing historical data used in developing the assumptions. 
 
 Evaluating the appropriateness of inputs and factors that the Company used in forming the qualitative loss factors and assessing whether such inputs and factors were relevant, reliable, and reasonable for the purpose used. 
 
 Testing the mathematical accuracy and computation of the allowance for loan losses. 
 
 Evaluated the period to period consistency with which qualitative loss factors are determined and applied. Evaluate the qualitative adjustments year over year for directional consistency and testing the reasonableness, including the qualitative adjustments attributed to the estimated impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s loan portfolio. 

/s/ Eide Bailly, LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 
 
 Phoenix, Arizona 
 March 7, 2023 

54 

CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Other interest bearing deposits Securities available for sale "AFS" Securities held to maturity "HTM" Equity investments Other investments Loans receivable Allowance for loan losses ) ) Loans receivable, net Loans held for sale Mortgage servicing rights, net Office properties and equipment, net Accrued interest receivable Intangible assets Goodwill Foreclosed and repossessed assets, net Bank owned life insurance ("BOLI") Other assets TOTAL ASSETS Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Liabilities: Deposits Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") advances Other borrowings Other liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders Equity: Common stock par value, authorized ; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Total stockholders equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 See accompanying notes to audited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 55 

CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 For the year ended December 31, 2021 Interest and dividend income: Interest and fees on loans Interest on investments Total interest and dividend income Interest expense: Interest on deposits Interest on FHLB borrowed funds Interest on other borrowed funds Total interest expense Net interest income before provision for loan losses Provision for loan losses Net interest income after provision for loan losses Non-interest income: Service charges on deposit accounts Interchange income Loan servicing income Gain on sale of loans Loan fees and service charges Net gains on investment securities Other Total non-interest income Non-interest expense: Compensation and related benefits Occupancy Data processing Amortization of intangible assets Mortgage servicing rights expense, net Advertising, marketing and public relations FDIC premium assessment Professional services Gain on repossessed assets, net ) ) New market tax credit depletion Other Total non-interest expense Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income attributable to common stockholders Per share information: Basic earnings Diluted earnings Cash dividends paid 
 See accompanying notes to audited consolidated financial statements. 
 56 

CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 (in thousands) 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 For the year ended December 31, 2021 Net income attributable to common stockholders Other comprehensive loss, net of tax: Securities available for sale Net unrealized losses arising during period, net of tax ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net gains included in net income, net of tax ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) 
 See accompanying notes to audited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 57 

CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 (in thousands, except Shares) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balance, December 31, 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax ) ) Forfeiture of unvested shares ) Surrender of restricted shares of common stock ) ) ) Restricted common stock awarded under the equity incentive plan Common stock options exercised Common stock repurchased ) ) ) ) ) Stock option expense Amortization of restricted stock Cash dividends per share) 
 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax ) ) Forfeiture of unvested shares ) Surrender of restricted shares of common stock ) ) ) Restricted common stock awarded under the equity incentive plan Restricted common stock issued upon achievement of the 2019 performance criteria Common stock options exercised Common stock repurchased ) ) ) ) ) Stock option expense Amortization of restricted stock Cash dividends per share) 
 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) 
 See accompanying notes to audited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 58 

CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 For the year ended December 31, 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income attributable to common stockholders Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Premium amortization, net of discount accretion on investment securities Depreciation expense Provision for loan losses Net valuation gain on equity securities ) ) Net realized gain on debt securities ) Increase in mortgage servicing rights resulting from transfers of financial assets ) ) Mortgage servicing rights amortization and impairment reversal, net Amortization of intangible assets Amortization of restricted stock Net stock based compensation expense Loss on sale of office properties and equipment Loss on closure of branch facilities Decrease deferred income taxes Increase in cash surrender value of life insurance ) ) Net gain from disposals of foreclosed and repossessed assets ) ) Gain on sale of loans held for sale, net ) ) New market tax credit depletion Net change in: Loans held for sale Accrued interest receivable and other assets Other liabilities ) ) Total adjustments Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Net decrease in other interest bearing deposits Purchase of available for sale securities ) ) Purchase of held to maturity securities ) ) Proceeds from sales of available for sale securities Proceeds from principal payments of available for sale securities Proceeds from principal payments and maturities of held to maturity securities Proceeds from calls of held to maturity securities Purchase of equity investments ) ) Equity investment capital distribution Net (purchases) sales of other investments ) Proceeds from sales of foreclosed and repossessed assets Net increase in loans ) ) Net capital expenditures ) ) Proceeds from disposal of office properties and equipment New market tax credit investment ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Federal Home Loan Bank advances Amortization of fair value adjustments for acquired Federal Home Loan Bank advances Federal Home Loan Bank advances called ) Federal Home Loan Bank advance termination payments ) ) Federal Home Loan Bank maturities ) ) Amortization of debt issuance costs Proceeds from other borrowings, net of origination costs 
 59 

Other borrowings principal reductions ) Other borrowings called and repaid ) Net increase in deposits Repurchase shares of common stock ) ) Surrender of restricted shares of common stock ) ) Common stock options exercised Cash dividends paid ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid during the period for: Interest on deposits Interest on borrowings Income taxes Supplemental noncash disclosure: Transfers from loans receivable to foreclosed and repossessed assets Transfers from office properties and equipment to foreclosed and repossessed assets 
 See accompanying notes to audited consolidated financial statements. 
 60 

CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 
 
 NOTE 1 
 branch locations. Its primary markets include the Chippewa Valley Region in Wisconsin, Mankato and Twin Cities markets in Minnesota, and various rural communities around these areas. The Bank offers traditional community banking services to businesses, agricultural operators and consumers, including one-to-four family residential mortgages. 
 The Bank is subject to competition from other financial institutions and non-financial institutions providing financial products. Additionally, the Bank is subject to the regulations of certain regulatory agencies and undergoes periodic examination by those regulatory agencies. 
 In preparing these consolidated financial statements, we evaluated the events and transactions occurring subsequent to the balance sheet date of December 31, 2022 through the date on which the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued on March 7, 2023, for items that should potentially be recognized or disclosed in these consolidated financial statements. 
 Unless otherwise stated herein, and except for share and per share amounts, all amounts are in thousands. 

in those institutions are not insured by the FDIC and therefore pose a potential risk in the event the institution were to fail. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were certificate of deposit accounts with a balance greater than . 
 61 

years, are liquidated. We elected the practical expedient available in Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements, which permits the use of net asset value ("NAV") per share or equivalent to value investments in entities that are or are similar to investment companies. SBICs and investment funds report their investments at estimated fair value. We record the unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair value of these investments as gains or losses on equity securities in our consolidated statements of operations. The carrying value of these investments is equal to the capital account balance as provided by the investee and adjusted as necessary. 
 Other investments totaling at December 31, 2022 consisted of of FHLB stock, of Federal Reserve Bank stock and of Bankers Bank stock. Other investments totaling at December 31, 2021 consisted of of FHLB stock, of Federal Reserve Bank stock, and of Bankers Bank stock. 
 
 62 

days or more; 
 Commercial and industrial/agricultural operating loans past due days or more; 
 Closed end consumer installment loans past due days or more; and 
 Residential mortgage loans and open ended consumer installment loans past due days or more. 
 Past due status is based on the contractual terms of the loan. In all cases, loans are placed on nonaccrual status or charged off at an earlier date if collection of principal or interest is considered doubtful. All interest accrued but not received for a loan placed on nonaccrual status is reversed against interest income. Interest received on such loans is accounted for on the cash basis or cost recovery method until qualifying for return to accrual status. Loans are returned to accrual status when payments are made that bring the loan account current with the contractual term of the loan and a six month payment history has been established. Interest on accruing troubled debt restructured TDR loans, less than days delinquent, is recognized as income as it accrues based on the revised terms of the loan over an established period of continued payment. 
 Residential mortgage loans and open ended consumer installment loans are charged off to estimated net realizable value less estimated selling costs at the earlier of when (a) the loan is deemed by management to be uncollectible, or (b) the loan becomes past due days or more. Closed ended consumer installment loans are charged off to net realizable value at the earlier of when (a) the loan is deemed by management to be uncollectible, or (b) the loan becomes past due days or more. Commercial/agricultural real estate, commercial and industrial and agricultural operating loans are charged off to net realizable value at the earlier of when (a) the loan is deemed by management to be uncollectible, or (b) the loan becomes past due days or more. 

63 

64 

to years. Furniture, fixtures and equipment are depreciated using the straight-line (or accelerated) method with useful lives ranging from to years. Leasehold improvements are depreciated using the straight-line (or accelerated) method with useful lives based on the lesser of (a) the estimated life of the lease, or (b) the estimated useful life of the leasehold improvement. Depreciation expense is included in non-interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 to months utilizing the straight-line method. On a periodic basis, management assesses whether events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of the intangible assets may be impaired. Goodwill is not amortized but, instead, is subject to impairment tests on at least an annual basis, and more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. A reporting unit is defined as any distinct, separately identifiable component of the Company s operating segment for which complete, discrete financial information is available and reviewed regularly by the segment s management. The Company has reporting unit as of December 31, 2022 which is related to its banking activities. The impairment testing process is conducted by assigning net assets and goodwill to the Company s reporting unit. An initial qualitative evaluation is made to assess the likelihood of impairment and determine whether further quantitative testing to calculate the fair value is necessary. When the qualitative evaluation indicates that impairment is more likely than not, quantitative testing is required whereby the fair value of the Company s reporting unit is calculated and compared to the recorded book value, step one. If the calculated fair value of the Company s reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill is not considered impaired and step two is not considered necessary. If the carrying value of the company s reporting unit exceeds its calculated fair value, the impairment test continues step two by comparing the carrying value of the Company s reporting unit s goodwill to the implied fair value of goodwill. An impairment charge is recognized if the carrying value of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of goodwill. The Company has performed the required goodwill impairment test and has determined that goodwill was not impaired as of December 31, 2022. See Note 6 for additional information on goodwill and other intangible assets. 

65 

As of December 31, 2022, the carrying amount of this investment, which is included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets, was . The risk of loss with this investment is limited to its carrying value and is tied to its ability to operate in compliance with the rules and regulations necessary for the qualification of the tax credit generated by the investment. As of December 31, 2022, there were no known instances of noncompliance associated with the investment. 

66 

Non-interest income outside of the scope of Revenue from Contracts with Customers, Topic 606 is recognized on the accrual basis of accounting as services are provided or as transactions occur. Non-interest income outside of the scope of Topic 606 includes mortgage banking activities, loan fees and service charges, net gains (losses) on investment securities, and other, which is primarily made up of BOLI related income. 

67 

At December 31, 2022, the Company had of loan commitments outstanding related to loans being originated for sale, all of which were subject to interest rate lock commitments and corresponding forward loan sale agreements, as described above. The net fair values of outstanding interest rate-lock commitments and forward sale agreements were considered immaterial to the Company s consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022. 

- . Approximately of the increase is due to the impact of the new guidance on the Company s acquired loan portfolio. Approximately of the increase is the result of the new requirement to estimate losses over the full remaining expected life of the loans. This especially affected the Company s Commercial/Agricultural real estate and Residential mortgage portfolio segments, which have longer maturities. Approximately of this increase is due to the requirement to record an allowance on non-cancelable off-balance sheet commitments. Post-tax retained earnings adjustment will reduce stockholders equity by approximately . At adoption, the Company will not record an allowance with respect to HTM securities as the portfolio consists almost entirely of agency-backed securities that inherently have minimal nonpayment risk. 
 
 68 

69 

NOTE 2 
 Obligations of states and political subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities Corporate asset-backed securities Total available for sale securities December 31, 2021 U.S. government agency obligations Obligations of states and political subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities Corporate asset-backed securities Total available for sale securities 
 
 Mortgage-backed securities Total held to maturity securities December 31, 2021 Obligations of states and political subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities Total held to maturity securities 
 At December 31, 2022, the Bank has pledged certain of its mortgage-backed securities with a carrying value of as collateral to secure a line of credit with the Federal Reserve Bank. As of December 31, 2022, there were borrowings outstanding on this Federal Reserve Bank line of credit. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank has pledged certain of its U.S. Government Agency securities with a carrying value of and mortgage-backed securities with a carrying value of as collateral against specific municipal deposits. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank also has mortgage-backed securities with a carrying value of pledged as collateral to the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines. 
 At December 31, 2021, the Bank has pledged certain of its mortgage-backed securities with a carrying value of as collateral to secure a line of credit with the Federal Reserve Bank. As of December 31, 2021, there were borrowings outstanding on this Federal Reserve Bank line of credit. As of December 31, 2021, the Bank has pledged certain of its U.S. Government Agency securities with a carrying value of and mortgage-backed securities with a carrying value of as collateral against specific municipal deposits. As of December 31, 2021, the Bank also has mortgage-backed securities with a carrying value of pledged as collateral to the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines. 
 For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, there were no sales of available for sale securities. 
 For the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, gross sales of available for sale securities were , gross gains on sale of available for sale securities were , and gross losses on sale of available for sale securities were . 
 70 

Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Total securities with contractual maturities Mortgage-backed securities Total available for sale securities 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Held to maturity securities Amortized Cost Estimated Fair Value Amortized Cost Estimated Fair Value Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Total securities with contractual maturities Mortgage-backed securities Total held to maturity securities 
 
 Mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities Corporate asset-backed securities Total December 31, 2021 U.S. government agency obligations Mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities Corporate asset-backed securities Total 
 71 

Mortgage-backed securities Total December 31, 2021 Obligations of states and political subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities Total 
 The Company evaluates securities for other-than-temporary impairment at least on a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market concerns warrant such evaluation. As part of such monitoring, the credit quality of individual securities and their issuer is assessed. Significant inputs used to measure the amount of other-than-temporary impairment related to credit loss include, but are not limited to: the Company s intent and ability to sell the debt security prior to recovery, that it is more likely than not that the Company will not sell the security prior to recovery, default and delinquency rates of the underlying collateral, remaining credit support, and historical loss severities. Adjustments to market value of available for sale securities that are considered temporary are recorded as separate components of shareholders equity, net of tax. If the unrealized loss of a security is identified as other-than-temporary based on information available, such as the decline in the creditworthiness of the issuer, external market ratings, or the anticipated or realized elimination of associated dividends, such impairments are further analyzed to determine if credit loss exists. If there is a credit loss, it will be recorded in the Company s consolidated statement of operations. Non-credit components of the unrealized losses on available for sale securities will continue to be recognized in other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax. Unrealized losses reflected in the preceding tables have not been included in results of operations because the unrealized loss was not deemed other-than-temporary. Management has determined that more likely than not, the Company neither intends to sell, nor will it be required to sell each debt security before its anticipated recovery, and therefore recovery of cost will occur. 

72 

NOTE 3 
 . 
 Commercial and industrial C I loans are primarily made based on the identified cash flows of the borrower and secondarily on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower. These cash flows, however, may not be as expected and the value of collateral securing the loans may fluctuate. Most commercial loans are secured by the assets being financed or other business assets such as accounts receivable or inventory and may incorporate a personal guarantee. Agricultural operating loans are generally comprised of term loans to fund the purchase of equipment, livestock and seasonal operating lines. Operating lines are typically written for one year and secured by the crop and other farm assets or other business assets, as considered necessary. Agricultural loans carry significant credit risks as they may involve larger balances concentrated with single borrowers or groups of related borrowers. In addition, repayment of such loans depends on the successful operation or management of the farm property securing the loan or for which an operating loan is utilized. Farming operations may be affected by adverse weather conditions such as drought, hail or floods that can severely limit crop yields. SBA PPP loan balances are 100 guaranteed under the Small Business Association s Paycheck Protection Program and may be forgiven in full, depending on use of funds and eligibility. These SBA-backed loans helped businesses keep their workforce employed during the COVID-19 crisis. Eligible borrowers, who qualify for full loan forgiveness during the eight to twenty four week period following loan disbursement, can apply for forgiveness, once all proceeds for which the borrower requested forgiveness has been used. Borrowers can apply for forgiveness any time up to the maturity date of the loan. All of the SBA PPP originated loan balances were forgiven and repaid at June 30, 2022. 
 Residential mortgage loans are collateralized by primary and secondary positions on real estate and are underwritten primarily based on borrower s documented income, credit scores, and collateral values. Under consumer home equity loan guidelines, the borrower will be approved for a loan based on a percentage of their home s appraised value less the balance owed on the existing first mortgage. Credit risk is minimized within the residential mortgage portfolio due to relatively small loan account balances spread across many individual borrowers. Management evaluates trends in past due loans and current economic factors such as the housing price index on a regular basis. 
 Consumer installment loans are comprised of originated indirect paper loans secured primarily by boats and recreational vehicles and other consumer loans secured primarily by automobiles and other personal assets. Consumer loan underwriting terms often depend on the collateral type, debt to income ratio and the borrower s creditworthiness as evidenced by their credit score. In the event of a consumer installment loan default, collateral value alone may not provide an adequate source of repayment of the outstanding loan balance. This shortage is a result of the greater likelihood of damage, loss and depreciation for consumer based collateral. 

73 

Agricultural real estate Multi-family real estate Construction and land development C I/Agricultural operating: Commercial and industrial Agricultural operating Residential mortgage: Residential mortgage Purchased HELOC loans Consumer installment: Originated indirect paper Other Consumer Total originated loans before SBA PPP loans SBA PPP loans Total originated loans Acquired Loans: Commercial/Agricultural real estate: Commercial real estate Agricultural real estate Multi-family real estate Construction and land development C I/Agricultural operating: Commercial and industrial Agricultural operating Residential mortgage: Residential mortgage Consumer installment: Other Consumer Total acquired loans Total Loans: Commercial/Agricultural real estate: Commercial real estate Agricultural real estate Multi-family real estate Construction and land development C I/Agricultural operating: Commercial and industrial Agricultural operating Residential mortgage: Residential mortgage Purchased HELOC loans Consumer installment: Originated indirect paper Other Consumer Total loans before SBA PPP loans SBA PPP loans Gross loans Less: Unearned net deferred fees and costs and loans in process ) ) Unamortized discount on acquired loans ) ) Allowance for loan losses ) ) Loans receivable, net 
 74 

75 

Agricultural real estate Multi-family real estate Construction and land development C I/Agricultural operating: Commercial and industrial Agricultural operating Residential mortgage: Residential mortgage Purchased HELOC loans Consumer installment: Originated indirect paper Other Consumer Total originated loans before SBA PPP loans SBA PPP loans Total originated loans Acquired Loans: Commercial/Agricultural real estate: Commercial real estate Agricultural real estate Multi-family real estate Construction and land development C I/Agricultural operating: Commercial and industrial Agricultural operating Residential mortgage: Residential mortgage Consumer installment: Other Consumer Total acquired loans Total Loans: Commercial/Agricultural real estate: Commercial real estate Agricultural real estate Multi-family real estate Construction and land development C I/Agricultural operating: Commercial and industrial Agricultural operating Residential mortgage: Residential mortgage Purchased HELOC loans Consumer installment: Originated indirect paper Other Consumer Gross loans before SBA PPP loans SBA PPP loans Gross loans Less: Unearned net deferred fees and costs and loans in process ) Unamortized discount on acquired loans ) Allowance for loan losses ) Loans receivable, net 

76 

Agricultural real estate Multi-family real estate Construction and land development C I/Agricultural operating: Commercial and industrial Agricultural operating Residential mortgage: Residential mortgage Purchased HELOC loans Consumer installment: Originated indirect paper Other Consumer Total originated loans before SBA PPP loans SBA PPP loans Total originated loans Acquired Loans: Commercial/Agricultural real estate: Commercial real estate Agricultural real estate Multi-family real estate Construction and land development C I/Agricultural operating: Commercial and industrial Agricultural operating Residential mortgage: Residential mortgage Consumer installment: Other Consumer Total acquired loans Total Loans: Commercial/Agricultural real estate: Commercial real estate Agricultural real estate Multi-family real estate Construction and land development C I/Agricultural operating: Commercial and industrial Agricultural operating Residential mortgage: Residential mortgage Purchased HELOC loans Consumer installment: Originated indirect paper Other Consumer Gross loans before SBA PPP loans SBA PPP loans Gross loans Less: Unearned net deferred fees and costs and loans in process ) Unamortized discount on acquired loans ) Allowance for loan losses ) Loans receivable, net 

77 

New loan originations Repayments ) ) Balance end of period Available and unused lines of credit 
 Allowance for Loan Losses The ALL represents management s estimate of probable and inherent credit losses in the Bank s loan portfolio. Estimating the amount of the ALL requires the exercise of significant judgment and the use of estimates related to the amount and timing of expected future cash flows on impaired loans, estimated losses on pools of homogeneous loans based on historical loss experience, and consideration of other qualitative factors such as current economic trends and conditions, all of which may be susceptible to significant change. 
 There are many factors affecting the ALL; some are quantitative, while others require qualitative judgment. The process for determining the ALL (which management believes adequately considers potential factors which result in probable credit losses), includes subjective elements and, therefore, may be susceptible to significant change. To the extent actual outcomes differ from management estimates, additional provision for loan losses could be required that could adversely affect the Company s earnings or financial position in future periods. Allocations of the ALL may be made for specific loans but the entire ALL is available for any loan that, in management s judgment, should be charged-off or for which an actual loss is realized. 
 As an integral part of their examination process, various regulatory agencies also review the Bank s ALL. Such agencies may require that changes in the ALL be recognized when such regulators credit evaluations differ from those of our management based on information available to the regulators at the time of their examinations. 
 78 

Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision ) Total Allowance on originated loans Other acquired loans: Beginning balance, January 1, 2022 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision ) ) ) ) Total allowance on other acquired loans Total allowance on acquired loans Ending Balance, December 31, 2022 Allowance for Loan Losses at December 31, 2022: Amount of allowance for loan losses arising from loans individually evaluated for impairment Amount of allowance for loan losses arising from loans collectively evaluated for impairment Loans Receivable as of December 31, 2022: Ending balance of originated loans Ending balance of purchased credit-impaired loans Ending balance of other acquired loans Ending balance of loans Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment 
 79 

Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Provision ) ) ) ) Total Allowance on originated loans Other acquired loans: Beginning balance, January 1, 2021 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision ) ) ) ) ) Total Allowance on other acquired loans Total Allowance on acquired loans Ending balance, December 31, 2021 Allowance for Loan Losses at December 31, 2021: Amount of allowance for loan losses arising from loans individually evaluated for impairment Amount of allowance for loan losses arising from loans collectively evaluated for impairment Loans Receivable as of December 31, 2021: Ending balance of originated loans Ending balance of purchased credit-impaired loans Ending balance of other acquired loans Ending balance of loans Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment 
 
 80 

Performing loans other Total performing loans Nonperforming loans (1) Nonperforming TDR loans Nonperforming loans other Total nonperforming loans Total loans 
 (1) Nonperforming loans are either 90+ days past due or nonaccrual. 

81 

Agricultural real estate Multi-family real estate Construction and land development C I/Agricultural operating: Commercial and industrial SBA PPP loans Agricultural operating Residential mortgage: Residential mortgage Purchased HELOC loans Consumer installment: Originated indirect paper Other Consumer Total December 31, 2021 Commercial/Agricultural real estate: Commercial real estate Agricultural real estate Multi-family real estate Construction and land development C I/Agricultural operating: Commercial and industrial SBA PPP loans Agricultural operating Residential mortgage: Residential mortgage Purchased HELOC loans Consumer installment: Originated indirect paper Other Consumer Total 
 82 

, consisting of (1) PCI loans, with a carrying amount of ; (2) TDR loans, net of TDR PCI loans; and (3) of substandard non-TDR loans, non-PCI loans. The total of loans individually evaluated for impairment includes of performing TDR loans. At December 31, 2021, the Company individually evaluated loans for impairment with a recorded investment of , consisting of (1) PCI loans, with a carrying amount of ; (2) TDR loans, net of TDR PCI loans; and (3) of substandard non-TDR loans, non-PCI loans. The total of loans individually evaluated for impairment includes of performing TDR loans. A loan is identified as impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Bank will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Performing TDRs consist of loans that have been modified and are performing in accordance with the modified terms for a sufficient length of time, generally six months, or loans that were modified on a proactive basis. 
 C I/Agricultural operating Residential mortgage Consumer installment Total With An Allowance Recorded: Commercial/Agricultural real estate C I/Agricultural operating Residential mortgage Consumer installment Total December 31, 2022 Totals Commercial/Agricultural real estate C I/Agricultural operating Residential mortgage Consumer installment Total 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had residential real estate loans, secured by residential real estate properties, for which formal foreclosure proceedings are in process according to local requirements of the applicable jurisdiction, with a recorded investment of . At December 31, 2022, the Company had commercial real estate loans, secured by commercial and agricultural real estate properties, for which formal foreclosure proceedings are in process according to local requirements of the applicable jurisdiction, with a recorded investment of . 

83 

C I/Agricultural operating Residential mortgage Consumer installment Total With An Allowance Recorded: Commercial/Agricultural real estate C I/Agricultural operating Residential mortgage Consumer installment Total December 31, 2021 Totals Commercial/Agricultural real estate C I/Agricultural operating Residential mortgage Consumer installment Total 
 
 Troubled Debt Restructuring A TDR includes a loan modification where a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, and the Bank grants a concession to that borrower that the Bank would not otherwise consider, except for the borrower s financial difficulties. Concessions may include: extension of the loan s term, renewals of existing balloon loans, reductions in interest rates and consolidating existing Bank loans at modified terms. A TDR may be either on accrual or nonaccrual status based upon the performance of the borrower and management s assessment of collectability. If a TDR is placed on nonaccrual status, it remains there until a sufficient period of performance under the restructured terms has occurred at which time it is returned to accrual status. There was accruing, delinquent TDR, greater than 60 days past due, with a recorded investment of at December 31, 2022, compared to accruing, delinquent TDR, greater than 60 days past due, with a recorded investment of at December 31, 2021. 
 Non-accrual status Total 
 There was TDR commitment totaling meeting our TDR criteria as of December 31, 2022 and there were TDR commitments meeting our TDR criteria as of December 31, 2021. There were unused lines of credit totaling and meeting our TDR criteria as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

84 

C I/Agricultural operating Residential mortgage Consumer installment Totals 

Number of Contracts Modified Rate Modified Payment Modified Under- writing Other Pre-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment Post-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment Specific Reserve Twelve months ended December 31, 2021 TDRs: Commercial/Agricultural real estate C I/Agricultural operating Residential mortgage Consumer installment Totals 
 
 C I/Agricultural operating Residential mortgage Consumer installment Total loans 

85 

C I/Agricultural operating Residential mortgage Consumer installment Total troubled debt restructurings 
 
 All acquired loans were initially recorded at fair value at the acquisition date. 
 Carrying amount Accountable for under ASC 310-20 (non-PCI loans) Outstanding balance Carrying amount Total acquired loans Outstanding balance Carrying amount 
 
 of accretable discount from purchased impaired loans with the original non-accretable discount transferred to accretable discount. The accretion on this balance is scheduled to be approximately in 2023; however, large balance payoffs, as seen in 2022, 2021 and 2020, would accelerate this accretion and lower future years accretion. 
 
 Fiscal years ending December 31, Purchase Accounting Accretable Discount 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 

86 

Additions to non-accretable difference for acquired purchased credit impaired loans Non-accretable difference realized as interest from payoffs of purchased credit impaired loans ) ) Transfers from non-accretable difference to accretable discount ) ) Non-accretable difference transferred to OREO due to loan foreclosure ) Balance at end of period 
 
 87 

NOTE 4 
 and , respectively. These residential mortgage loans are serviced primarily for the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal National Mortgage Association. 
 Custodial escrow balances maintained in connection with the foregoing loan servicing, and included in deposits were and , at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Increase in mortgage servicing rights resulting from transfers of financial assets Amortization during the period ) ) Mortgage servicing rights, end of period Valuation allowance, beginning of period ) ) Additions Recoveries Valuation allowance, end of period ) Mortgage servicing rights, net Fair value of mortgage servicing rights, end of period Residential mortgage loans serviced for others 
 The current period change in valuation allowance is included in expense as mortgage servicing rights expense, net on the consolidated statement of operations. Servicing fees totaled and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Late fees and ancillary fees related to loan servicing are not material. 
 To estimate the fair value of the MSR asset, a valuation model is applied at the loan level to calculate the present value of the expected future cash flows. The valuation model incorporates various assumptions that would impact market participants estimations of future servicing income. Central to the valuation model is the discount rate. Fair value at December 31, 2022 was determined using discount rates ranging from to . Fair value at December 31, 2021 was determined using discount rates ranging from to . Other assumptions utilized in the valuation model include, but are not limited to, prepayment speed, servicing costs, delinquencies, costs of advances, foreclosure costs, ancillary income, and income earned on float and escrow. 
 At December 31, 2022, the estimated future aggregate amortization expense for the mortgage servicing rights is as follows. The estimated amortization expense is based on existing mortgage servicing asset balances. 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 Total 
 
 88 

NOTE 5 - 
 Buildings Furniture, equipment and vehicles Subtotals Less--Accumulated depreciation ) ) Office properties and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense was for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 NOTE 6 - 
 during the periods ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. There were changes to goodwill during either period. 
 Intangible assets-- Intangible assets consist of core deposit intangibles arising from various bank acquisitions. 
 Accumulated amortization ) ) Net book value Amortization during the period 
 2024 2025 2026 Total 

89 

NOTE 7 
 corporate office, bank branch offices, former bank branch office, and ATM location. Our leases have remaining lease terms of years to years. Some of the leases include an option to extend, the longest of which is for two year terms. As of December 31, 2022, we have no additional lease commitments that have not yet commenced. Lease costs are included in non-interest expense/occupancy in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 Variable lease cost Total lease cost The components of total lease income were as follows: Operating lease income Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows: Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows: Operating lease right-of-use assets Operating lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term in years; operating leases Weighted average discount rate; operating leases 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: effects of discounting ) Lease liability recognized 
 In November of 2022 we closed our leased Red Wing, Minnesota branch. We considered the branch closure a triggering event that required us to test the right of use asset for impairment. The carrying amount of the right of use asset was compared 
 90 

impairment loss was recorded. This impairment loss is included in other non-interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 

NOTE 8 
 Interest bearing demand deposits Savings accounts Money market accounts Certificate accounts Total deposits 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total 
 Time deposits of 250 or more were and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Brokered deposits were and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Deposits from the Company s directors, executive officers, principal stockholders and their affiliates held by the Bank at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 amounted to , and , respectively. 
 91 

NOTE 9 
 
 2022 2023 2023 2024 2024 2025 2025 2029 2029 2030 2030 Subtotal Unamortized discount on acquired notes ) Federal Home Loan Bank advances, net Other borrowings: Senior notes (5) 2034 2031 Subordinated notes (6) 2027 2027 2030 2030 2032 2032 Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total other borrowings Totals 
 (1) The FHLB advances bear fixed rates, require interest-only monthly payments, and are collateralized by a blanket lien on pre-qualifying first mortgages, home equity lines, multi-family loans and certain other loans which had pledged balances of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the Bank s available and unused portion under the FHLB borrowing arrangement was approximately compared to as of December 31, 2021. 
 (2) Maximum month-end borrowed amounts outstanding under this borrowing agreement were and , during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 (3) The weighted-average interest rates on FHLB borrowings, with maturities less than twelve months, outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were and , respectively. 
 (4) At December 31, 2022, FHLB term notes can be called by the FHLB. At December 31, 2021, FHLB term notes totaling could be called by the FHLB on a quarterly basis, and if not called, would mature at various dates in 2029 and 2030. These notes were called by the FHLB in 2022. 
 (5) Senior notes, entered into by the Company in June 2019 consist of the following: 
 (a) A term note, which was subsequently refinanced in March 2022, requiring quarterly interest-only payments through March 2025, and quarterly principal and interest payments thereafter. Interest is variable, based on US Prime rate minus basis points with a floor rate of . 
 (b) A line of credit, maturing in August 2023, that remains undrawn upon. 

92 

for . In August 2022, they converted to a three-month LIBOR plus rate, and the interest rate will reset quarterly thereafter. The note was callable by the Bank when, and anytime after, the floating rate is initially set. Interest-only payments were due quarterly. The Company sent the required redemption notice to the note holders in June 2022, and this subordinated note was called and repaid in full on August 10, 2022. 
 (b) The Company s Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement entered into with certain purchasers in August 2020, which bears a fixed interest rate of for . In September 2025, the fixed interest rate will be reset quarterly to equal the three-month term Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus basis points. The note is callable by the Bank when, and anytime after, the floating rate is initially set. Interest-only payments are due semi-annually each year during the fixed interest period and quarterly during the floating interest period. 
 (c) The Company s Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement entered into with certain purchasers in March 2022, which bears a fixed interest rate of for . In April 2027, the fixed interest rate will be reset quarterly to equal the three-month term Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus basis points. The note is callable by the Bank when, and anytime after, the floating rate is initially set. Interest-only payments are due semi-annually each year during the fixed interest period and quarterly during the floating interest period. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank Letters of Credit 
 The Bank has an irrevocable Standby Letter of Credit Master Reimbursement Agreement with the Federal Home Loan Bank. This irrevocable standby letter of credit LOC is supported by loan collateral as an alternative to directly pledging investment securities on behalf of a municipal customer as collateral for their interest bearing deposit balances. These balances were and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Federal Funds Purchased Lines of Credit 
 The Bank maintains unsecured federal funds purchased lines of credit with its banking partners which total . These lines bear interest at the lender bank s announced daily federal funds rate, mature daily and are revocable at the discretion of the lending institution. There were borrowings outstanding on these lines of credit as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 Federal Reserve Borrowings 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank had the ability to borrow and from the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis. The ability to borrow is based on mortgage-backed securities pledged with a carrying value of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were Federal Reserve borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Federal Reserve Bank Paycheck Protection Program Liquidity Facility FRB PPPLF Program 
 
 The Bank originated Small Business Administration s Paycheck Protection Program SBA PPP loans and 
 complied with the requirements to pledge these loans to the FRB PPPLF program which provided 100 funding for SBA PPP 
 outstanding loan balances under this facility at December 31, 2021. There were month-end borrowed amounts outstanding under this agreement during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. In July 2021, the bank pledged these SBA PPP loans to the FHLB. 
 93 

NOTE 10 
 > = > = Tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) > = > = Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) > = > = Tier 1 leverage ratio (to adjusted total assets) > = > = As of December 31, 2021 Total capital (to risk weighted assets) > = > = Tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) > = > = Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) > = > = Tier 1 leverage ratio (to adjusted total assets) > = > = 
 The Company s Tier 1 (leverage) and risk-based capital ratios at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are presented below: 
 94 

> = Tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) > = Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) > = Tier 1 leverage ratio (to adjusted total assets) > = As of December 31, 2021 Total capital (to risk weighted assets) > = Tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) > = Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) > = Tier 1 leverage ratio (to adjusted total assets) > = 
 The Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from its banking subsidiary. As a bank holding company, the Company is subject to certain restrictions on its ability to pay dividends under applicable banking laws and regulations. Federal bank regulators are authorized to determine, under certain circumstances relating to the financial condition of a bank holding company or a bank, that the payment of dividends would be an unsafe or unsound practice, and to prohibit payment thereof. In particular, federal bank regulators have stated that paying dividends that deplete a banking organization s capital base to an inadequate level would be an unsafe and unsound banking practice and that banking organizations should generally pay dividends only out of current operating earnings. In addition, in the current financial and economic environment, the Federal Reserve has indicated that bank holding companies should carefully review their dividend policy and has discouraged payment ratios that are at maximum allowable levels unless both asset quality and capital are very strong. 
 The Company s ability to pay dividends is also subject to the terms of its Subordinated Note Purchase Agreements dated August 27, 2020 and March 11, 2022, and Business Note Agreement dated June 26, 2019, which prohibits the Company from making dividend payments while an event of default has occurred and is continuing under the loan agreement or from allowing payment of a dividend which would create an event of default. 
 Stockholder record date 02/14/2022 02/11/2021 Dividend payment date 02/28/2022 02/25/2021 
 
 NOTE 11 
 
 95 

Commercial standby letter of credit Commitment to contribute capital to SBIC Commitment to contribute capital to investment company 
 Commitments to extend credit Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer provided there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. 
 Letters of credit Letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Those guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loans to customers. The Company evaluates each customer s credit worthiness on a case-by-case basis. The credit and collateral policy for commitments and letters of credit is comparable to that for granting loans. The Company has recorded liability associated with standby letters of credit as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Capital Contributions The Company has commitments to invest in a SBIC and investment company that call for capital contributions up to an amount specified in the partnership agreements. 
 Loss Contingencies Loss contingencies, including claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business, are recorded as liabilities when the likelihood of loss is probable and an amount or range of loss can be reasonably estimated. 
 
 NOTE 12 
 and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 13 - 
 years. Due to the plan s expiration, no new awards can be granted under this plan. As of December 31, 2022, there are awarded unvested restricted shares and awarded unexercised options remaining from the plan. Options granted to date under this plan vest pro rata over a period from the grant date. Unexercised incentive stock options expire within years of the grant date. 
 On March 27, 2018, the stockholders of Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. approved the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan. The aggregate number of shares of common stock reserved and available for issuance under the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan is shares. As of December 31, 2022, restricted shares had been granted under this plan. This amount includes shares of performance based restricted stock granted in 2019 and issued in January 2022 upon achievement of the performance criteria and completion of the performance period beginning in January 2019 and ending December 31, 2021. In addition, it includes shares of performance based restricted stock granted in 2020 and shares of performance based restricted stock granted in 2021 issued in August of 2022. Both of these issuances were approved by the Compensation Committee in accordance with plan documents and were to a former employee. As of December 31, 2022, stock options had been granted under this plan. 
 Net compensation expense related to restricted stock awards from these plans was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 96 

Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) Unvested and outstanding at end of period 
 The Company accounts for stock-based employee compensation related to the Company s 2008 Equity Incentive Plan using the fair-value-based method. Accordingly, management records compensation expense based on the value of the award as measured on the grant date and then the Company recognizes that cost over the vesting period for the award. The net compensation cost recognized for stock-based employee compensation from this plan for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 
 Common Stock Option Awards 
 Exercised ) Forfeited or expired Outstanding at end of period Exercisable at end of period Year ended December 31, 2021 Outstanding at beginning of year Exercised ) Forfeited or expired ) Outstanding at end of year Exercisable at end of year 
 Cash received from options exercised Tax benefit realized from options exercised 

97 

NOTE 14 
 State Deferred tax provision (benefit) Federal State Total 
 State income taxes, net of federal Tax credits ) ) Bank owned life insurance ) ) ) ) Tax exempt interest ) ) ) ) Other ) ) Total 

98 

Deferred loan costs/fees Restricted stock Economic performance accruals Loan discounts Lease liability Net unrealized losses on securities available for sale Other Deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Office properties and equipment ) ) Federal Home Loan Bank stock ) ) Core deposit intangible ) ) Net gain on equity securities ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Mortgage servicing rights ) ) Leases; right of use asset ) ) Net unrealized gains on securities available for sale ) Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 The Company regularly reviews the carrying amount of its deferred tax assets to determine if the establishment of a valuation allowance is necessary, as further discussed in Note 1 Nature of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , above. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, management determined that valuation allowance was necessary. 
 The Company s income tax returns are subject to review and examination by federal, state and local government authorities. As of December 31, 2022, years open to examination by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service include taxable years ended December 31, 2019 to present. The years open to examination by state and local government authorities varies by jurisdiction. 
 The tax effects from uncertain tax positions can be recognized in the consolidated financial statements, provided the position is more likely than not to be sustained on audit, based on the technical merits of the position. The Company recognizes the financial statement benefit of a tax position only after determining that the relevant tax authority would more likely than not sustain the position following an audit. For tax positions meeting the more-likely-than-not threshold, the amount recognized in the financial statements is the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized, upon ultimate settlement with the relevant tax authority. The Company applied the foregoing accounting standard to all of its tax positions for which the statute of limitations remained open as of the date of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax issues as components of other noninterest expense. The Company recognized no material expense on income tax related interest or penalties during any of the periods presented. 

99 

NOTE 15 
 100 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities Corporate asset-backed securities Total investment securities Equity investments: Equity investments Equity investments measured at NAV(1) 
 Total equity investments Total December 31, 2021 Investment securities: U.S. government agency obligations Obligations of states and political subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities Corporate asset-backed securities Total Investment Securities Equity investments: Equity investments Equity investments measured at NAV(1) 
 Total equity investments Total 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company did not own any securities for which the Company utilized significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 inputs) to determine fair value. 
 There were no transfers in or out of Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3 fair value measurements during the years ended December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. There were no losses included in earnings attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses relating to the available-for-sale securities above with fair value measurements utilizing significant unobservable inputs for the years ended December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 101 

Impaired loans with allocated allowances Mortgage servicing rights Total December 31, 2021 Foreclosed and repossessed assets, net Impaired loans with allocated allowances Mortgage servicing rights Total 
 The fair value of impaired loans referenced above was determined by obtaining independent third party appraisals and/or internally developed collateral valuations to support the Company s estimates and judgments in determining the fair value of the underlying collateral supporting impaired loans. 
 The fair value of foreclosed and repossessed assets referenced above was determined by obtaining market price valuations from independent third parties wherever such quotes were available for other collateral owned. The Company utilized independent third party appraisals to support the Company s estimates and judgments in determining fair value for other real estate owned. 
 The fair value of mortgage servicing rights referenced above was determined based on a third party discounted cash flow analysis utilizing both observable and unobservable inputs. 
 Appraisal value Estimated costs to sell - 
 Impaired loans with allocated allowances Appraisal value Estimated costs to sell - 
 Mortgage servicing rights Discounted cash flows Discounted rates - 
 December 31, 2021 Foreclosed and repossessed assets, net Appraisal value Estimated costs to sell - 
 Impaired loans with allocated allowances Appraisal value Estimated costs to sell - 
 Mortgage servicing rights Discounted cash flows Discounted rates - 
 
 (1) Fair value is generally determined through independent third-party appraisals of the underlying 
 collateral, which generally includes various level 3 inputs which are not observable. 
 (2) The fair value basis of impaired loans and real estate owned may be adjusted to reflect management 
 estimates of disposal costs including, but not limited to, real estate brokerage commissions, legal fees, 
 and delinquent property taxes. 
 
 102 

Other interest bearing deposits (Level II) Securities available for sale "AFS" (Level II) Securities held to maturity "HTM" (Level II) Equity investments (Level I) Equity investments valued at NAV (1) N/A Other investments (Level II) Loans receivable, net (Level III) Loans held for sale - Residential mortgage (Level I) Loans held for sale - SBA (Level II) Mortgage servicing rights (Level III) Accrued interest receivable (Level I) Financial liabilities: Deposits (Level III) FHLB advances (Level II) Other borrowings (Level I) Accrued interest payable (Level I) 
 
 103 

NOTE 16 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic earnings per share Diluted Net income attributable to common shareholders Weighted average common shares outstanding Add: Dilutive stock options outstanding Average shares and dilutive potential common shares Diluted earnings per share Additional common stock option shares that have not been included due to their antidilutive effect 

104 

NOTE 17) ) ) ) Reclassification adjustment for gains included in net income ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) 
 Current year-to-date other comprehensive loss ) ) Ending balance, December 31, 2021 Current year-to-date other comprehensive loss ) ) Ending balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 Net gains (losses) on investment securities Tax effect Provision for income taxes Total reclassifications for the period Net income attributable to common shareholders 
 (1) Amounts in parentheses indicate decreases to profit/loss. 
 Reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 were as follows: 
 Details about Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Components Amounts Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (1) Affected Line Item on the Statement of Operations Unrealized gains and losses Sale of securities Net gains (losses) on investment securities Tax effect ) Provision for income taxes Total reclassifications for the period Net income attributable to common shareholders 
 (1) Amounts in parentheses indicate decreases to profit/loss. 

105 

NOTE 18 
 Equity investments Other assets Investment in subsidiary Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Other borrowings Other liabilities Total liabilities Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 Interest expense Net interest expense ) ) Dividend income from bank subsidiary Non-interest income Non-interest expense ) ) Net income before benefit for income taxes and equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries Benefit for income taxes Net earnings before equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries Equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries Net income 
 
 106 

Depreciation expense Net valuation gain on equity securities ) Stock based compensation expense Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities - Equity in undistributed income of subsidiary ) ) Net change in: Other assets ) ) Other liabilities ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of equity investments ) ) Equity investment capital distribution Capital contribution to bank subsidiary ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from other borrowings, net of origination costs Amortization of debt issuance costs Other borrowings principal reductions ) Other borrowings called and repaid ) Repurchase shares of common stock ) ) Surrender of restricted shares of common stock ) ) Common stock options exercised Dividend from bank subsidiary Cash dividends paid ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that the information required to be disclosed in reports that we 
 107 

file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, we recognize that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. We have designed our disclosure controls and procedures to reach a level of reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. We carried out an evaluation as of December 31, 2022, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including our Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 at reaching a level of reasonable assurance. 
 The report of management required under Item 9A is included under Item 8 of this report along with the Company s consolidated financial statements under the heading Report by Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. s Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) during the Company s most recently completed fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION 
 None 
 108 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Information with respect to this item is incorporated herein by reference to the discussion under the heading Proposal 1: Election of Directors, Executive Officers, Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, Corporate Governance Director Nominations , Audit Committee Matters Audit Committee Financial Expert , and Corporate Governance Matters Code of Business Conduct and Ethics in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before April 30, 2023. 
 The Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors is an audit committee for purposes of Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The members of the Audit Committee consist of the following four outside independent directors: Timothy Olson (Chairman), Richard McHugh, Kristina Bourget and Kathleen Skarvan. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information with respect to this item is incorporated herein by reference to the discussion under the headings Directors Meetings and Committees Compensation Committee , Director Compensation and Executive Compensation in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before April 30, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Information with respect to this item is incorporated herein by reference to the discussion under the heading Security Ownership and Equity Compensation Plan Information in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before April 30, 2023. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2022, with respect to compensation plans under which shares of common stock were issued or available to be issued: 
 Number of Common Shares to Be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Weighted-average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Number of Common Shares Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Plan Category Warrants and Rights (1) Warrants and Rights Compensation Plans (2) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 58,000 11.51 128,970 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 58,000 11.51 128,970 
 
 (1) Represents 58,000 shares of our Common Stock to be issued upon exercise of outstanding stock options under the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (the Prior Plan ). 
 (2) Represents 128,970 shares of our Common Stock available for issuance under the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan. No new awards may be granted under the Prior Plan. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Information with respect to this item is incorporated herein by reference to the discussion under the headings Transactions with Related Persons and Corporate Governance Matters Director Independence in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before April 30, 2023. 
 109 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 Information with respect to this item is incorporated herein by reference to the discussion under the heading Audit Committee Matters Fees of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before April 30, 2023. 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements: 
 The following financial statements of the Company are included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K annual report: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Eide Bailly LLP) 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules: 
 All financial statement schedules have been omitted as the information is not required under the related instructions or is not applicable or has otherwise been included in the financial statements or notes hereto. 
 (a)(3) Exhibits 
 2.1 Stock Purchase Agreement between Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. United Bank and United Bancorporation, dated June 20, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's current report on Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2018 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 2.2 First Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement by and among Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc., United Bank and United Bancorporation, dated August 13, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.4 to the Company's Form 10-K filed on December 10, 2018 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 2.3 Second Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement by and among Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc., United Bank and United Bancorporation, dated October 19, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Company's current report on Form 8-K filed on October 22, 2018 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 2.4 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated January 21, 2019, among F. M. Bancorp. of Tomah, Inc., Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc., and F M Merger Sub, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 22, 2019 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed on June 30, 2006 (File No. 333-135527) pursuant to Section 5 of the Securities Act of 1933). 
 3.2 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 3.3 Articles Supplementary with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock of Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2018 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 3.4 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant dated January 23, 2023 (filed herewith). 
 4.1 Description of Capital Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's annual report on Form 10-K filed on March 10, 2020 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 4.2 Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement between Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. and EJF Debt Opportunities Master Fund, LP dated May 30, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's current report on Form 8-K filed on May 31, 2017 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 4.3 Form of Subordinated Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's current report on Form 8-K filed on May 31, 2017 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 
 110 

4.4 Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement dated August 27, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on August 27, 2020 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 4.5 Form of Subordinated Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on August 27, 2020 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 4.6 Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on March 14, 2022 (File No. 001-33003). 
 4.7 Form of Subordinated Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on March 14, 2022 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 4.8 Form of Global Subordinated Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on March 14, 2022 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 10.1+ Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on August 28, 2013 (File No. 333-190877)). 
 10.2+ Form of Restricted Stock Grant Agreement under the Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by referent to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended as of September 30, 2014 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 10.3+ Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by referent to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended as of September 30, 2014 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 10.4+ Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on March 30, 2018 (File No. 333-224042)). 
 10.5+ First Amendment to Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2022 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 10.6+ Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company s Form 10-K filed on December 10, 2018 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 10.7+ Form of Director Restricted Stock Agreement under the Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Company s Form 10-K filed on December 10, 2018 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 10.8+ Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. 2018 Long Term Incentive Plan under the Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Company s Form 10-K filed on December 10, 2018 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 10.9+ Form of Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. 2019 Long Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company s Transition Report on Form 10-K filed on March 8, 2019 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 10.10+ Form of Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. 2020 Long Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company's annual report on Form 10-K filed on March 8, 2021 (file No. 001-33003)). 
 10.11+ Form of Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement for Time-Based Restricted Shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company's Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2022 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 10.12+ Form of Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement for Performance-Based Restricted Shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company's Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2022 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 10.13+ Securities Purchase Agreement between the Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. and the Purchasers provided therein, dated June 20, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's current report on Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2018 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 10.14+ Registration Rights Agreement between the Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. and the Purchasers provided therein, dated June 20, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's current report on Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2018 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 10.15+ Business Note, dated June 26, 2019, issued by Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. to Chippewa Valley Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 1, 2019 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 10.16+ Business Credit Agreement, dated August 1, 2019, by and between Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. and Chippewa Valley Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 1, 2019 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 
 111 

10.17+ Business Note, dated October 22, 2020, issued by Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. to Chippewa Valley Bank incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on November 6, 2020 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 10.18+ Business Note Renewal, dated August 1, 2021, issued by Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. to Chippewa Valley Bank (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on November 8, 2021 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 10.19+ Note Modification Agreement, dated October 20, 2021, to the Business Note, dated October 22, 2020 issued by Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. to Chippewa Valley Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company's Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2022 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 10.20 + Second Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement by and between Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc., Citizens Community Federal, N.A., and Stephen Bianchi, dated as of November 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2019 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 10.21+ Second Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement by and between Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc., Citizens Community Federal, N.A., and James S. Broucek, dated as of November 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2019 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 10.22+ Addendum No. 1 to the Second Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement with Stephen Bianchi, dated April 23, 2020 (incorporated by reference Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2020 (File No. 001-33003)). , dated April 23, 2020 (incorporated by reference Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2020 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 10.23+ Addendum No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement with James Broucek, dated April 23, 2020 (Incorporated by reference Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2020 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 10.24+ Third Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement by and between Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc., Citizens Community Federal, N.A., and Stephen Bianchi, dated as of April 21, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q filed on August 4, 2022 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 10.25+ Second Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement by and between Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc., Citizens Community Federal, N.A. and James S. Broucek, dated as of April 21, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 10-Q filed on August 4, 2022 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 10.26 Business Note Renewal, Dated August 1, 2022, issued by Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. to Chippewa Valley Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q filed on November 7, 2022 (File No. 001-33003)). 
 21 Subsidiaries of the Company as of December 31, 202 2 (filed herewith). 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Eide Bailly, LLP) (filed herewith). 
 31.1 Rule 13a-15(e) Certification of the Company s Chief Executive Officer (filed herewith). 
 31.2 Rule 13a-15(e) Certification of the Company s Chief Financial Officer (filed herewith). 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002). 
 101 The following materials from Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) and furnished electronically herewith: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss); (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 + A management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement This certification is not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

112 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. Date: March 7, 2023 By: /s/ James S. Broucek James S. Broucek Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Date: March 7, 2023 By: /s/ Stephen M. Bianchi Stephen M. Bianchi President and Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) Date: March 7, 2023 By: /s/ Richard McHugh Richard McHugh Lead Director Date: March 7, 2023 By: /s/ Kristina M. Bourget Kristina M. Bourget Director Date: March 7, 2023 By: /s/ Francis E. Felber Francis E. Felber Director Date: March 7, 2023 By: /s/ James D. Moll James D. Moll Director Date: March 7, 2023 By: /s/ Timothy L. Olson Timothy L. Olson Director Date: March 7, 2023 By: /s/ Kathleen S. Skarvan Kathleen S. Skarvan Director Date: March 7, 2023 By: /s/ Michael L. Swenson Michael L. Swenson Director Date: March 7, 2023 By: /s/ James S. Broucek James S. Broucek Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 113 

<EX-3.4>
 2
 ex34.htm
 EX-3.4

ex34 

1 CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS ARTICLE I - STOCKHOLDERS Section 1. ANNUAL MEETING The annual meeting of the stockholders of Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. (the Corporation shall be held each year at such place, on such date, and at such time as the Board of Directors shall fix, in their discretion, or at such other time and date as may be fixed by or under the authority of the Board of Directors and as designated in the notice thereof, for the purpose of electing directors and for the transaction of such other business as may come before the meeting. The business to be transacted at the annual meeting shall include the election of directors, consideration of the report of the President, and any other business properly brought before the meeting in accordance with Corporation's Charter and Bylaws. The failure to hold an annual meeting does not invalidate the Corporation's existence or affect any otherwise valid corporate act. Section 2. SPECIAL MEETINGS A special meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation may be called at any time and place for any purpose(s) by the President or by the Board of Directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of directors that the Corporation would have if there were no vacancies on the Board of Directors. A special meeting of the stockholders shall be called by the Secretary of the Corporation upon the written request of the holders of a majority of all shares outstanding and entitled to vote on the business to be transacted at such meeting. Such written request shall (i) state the purpose or purposes of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted upon at the meeting, (ii) bear the date of signature of each stockholder signing such request, (iii) set forth (A) the name and address, as they appear in the Corporation s books, of each stockholder signing such request, (B) the class, series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned (beneficially or of record) by each such stockholder and (C) the nominee holder for, and number of, shares of stock of the Corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such stockholder, and (iv) shall be delivered at the principal office of the Corporation addressed to the President or the Secretary. The Secretary shall inform the stockholders who make the request of the reasonably estimated cost of preparing and mailing a notice of the meeting and, upon payment of these costs to the Corporation, notify each stockholder entitled to notice of the meeting. The Board of Directors shall have the sole power to fix: (a) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to request a special meeting of stockholders and the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting; and (b) the date, time and place of the special meeting and the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be considered present in person and may vote at the special meeting. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, the Secretary of the Corporation shall not be obligated to call a special meeting of the stockholders requested by stockholders for the purpose of taking any action that is non-binding or advisory in nature. Business transacted at any special meeting shall be confined to the purpose(s) stated in the notice of such meeting. Section 3. NOTICE OF MEETING; WAIVER OF NOTICE Exhibit 3.4 

2 Not less than 10 days nor more than 90 days before each stockholders' meeting, the Secretary shall give to each stockholder entitled to vote at or to notice of such meeting, notice in writing or by electronic transmission stating the place, date and time of the meeting, the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and may vote at the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose(s) for which the meeting is called. Notice is given to a stockholder when it is personally delivered to the stockholder, left at the stockholder s usual place of business, mailed to the stockholder at his or her address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, or transmitted to the stockholder by an electronic transmission to any address or number of the stockholder at which the stockholder receives electronic transmissions. If the Corporation has received a request from a stockholder that notice not be sent by electronic transmission, the Corporation may not provide notice to the stockholder by electronic transmission. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, each person who is entitled to notice waives notice if such person, before or after the meeting, delivers a written waiver or waiver by electronic transmission that is filed with the records of the stockholders meetings or is present at the meeting in person or by proxy. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, a written waiver of notice, signed by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person entitled to notice at a meeting, in person or by proxy, shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when such person attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. When a meeting is adjourned to another place, date or time, written notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the place, date and time thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken; provided, however, that if the date of the adjourned meeting is more than 120 days after the record date for which the meeting was originally noticed or if a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, written notice of the place, date and time of the adjourned meeting shall be given in conformity with this Section 3. As used in these Bylaws, the term electronic transmission shall have the meaning given to such term by Section 1-101(k-1) of the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL or any successor provision. Section 4. QUORUM At any meeting of stockholders, the holders of a majority of the shares of the stock entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person or by proxy (after giving effect to the provisions of Article 5 of the Charter), shall constitute a quorum for all purposes, unless or except to the extent that the presence of a larger number may be required by law. Unless the Charter of the Corporation provides otherwise, where a separate vote by a class or classes is required, a majority of the shares of such class or classes, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to that vote on that matter. If a quorum fails to attend any meeting, the chairman of the meeting or the holders of a majority of the shares of stock entitled to vote who are represented in person or by proxy may, in accordance 

3 with Section 3 of this Article I, adjourn the meeting to any place, date and time. The stockholders present at a duly organized meeting may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of stockholders to leave less than a quorum. Section 5. ORGANIZATION AND CONDUCT OF BUSINESS The Chairman of the Board of the Corporation or, in his or her absence, the President of the Corporation, or in his or her absence such person as the Board of Directors may have designated or, in the absence of such a person, such person as may be chosen by the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote who are present, in person or by proxy, shall call to order any meeting of the stockholders and act as chairman of the meeting. In the absence of the Secretary of the Corporation, the secretary of the meeting shall be such person as the chairman appoints. The chairman of any meeting of stockholders shall determine the order of business and the procedure at the meeting, including such regulation of the manner of voting and the conduct of discussion as seem to him or her in order. Section 6. ADVANCE NOTICE PROVISIONS FOR BUSINESS TO BE TRANSACTED AT ANNUAL MEETINGS AND ELECTIONS OF DIRECTORS (a) At any annual meeting of the stockholders, only such business (other than the nomination of individuals for election as directors of the Corporation) shall be conducted as shall have been brought before the meeting: (i) as specified in the Corporation's notice of meeting; (ii) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors; or (iii) by any stockholder of record on the date of giving the notice provided for in this Section 6(a) and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting, who is entitled to vote on such business, and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 6(a). The procedures set forth in this Section 6(a) of this Article I are the exclusive means for a stockholder to propose business other than the nomination of individuals for election of directors (which nominations may be made only in compliance with Section 6(b) of this Article I) at an annual meeting of stockholders (other than a proposal included in the Corporation s proxy statement pursuant to and in compliance with Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )). For any such business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, pursuant to clause (iii) of the immediately preceding sentence, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation and such business must otherwise be a proper matter for action by stockholders. To be timely, a stockholder's notice must be delivered or mailed to and received at the principal executive office of the Corporation by not later than the close of business on the 90th day prior to the first anniversary of the date of the preceding year's annual meeting and not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the first anniversary of the date of the preceding year's annual meeting; provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced by more than 20 days, or delayed by more than 60 days, from the anniversary date of the preceding year's annual meeting, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of: (i) the 90th day prior to the date of such annual meeting; or (ii) the 10th day following the first to occur of the day on which notice of the date of the annual meeting was mailed or otherwise transmitted or the day on which public announcement 

4 of the date of the annual meeting was first made by the Corporation. No adjournment or postponement of a meeting of stockholders shall commence a new period for the giving of notice hereunder. A stockholder's notice to the Secretary shall be in writing and set forth as to each matter such stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting: (i) as to any business (other than the nomination of individuals for election as directors of the Corporation) that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a description of such business (including the text of any proposal, which may not be materially changed upon presentation at the meeting), the stockholder s reasons for proposing such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such stockholder, individually or in the aggregate, including any anticipated benefit to the stockholder therefrom; (ii) the name and address of the stockholder proposing such business, as they appear on the Corporation's books and of the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made; (iii) the class, series and number of all shares of stock or other securities of the Corporation (collectively, the Company Securities ), if any, which are owned (beneficially or of record) by such stockholder; (iv) whether and the extent to which such stockholder, directly or indirectly (through brokers, nominees or otherwise), is subject to or during the last six months has engaged in any hedging, derivative or other transaction or series of transactions or entered into any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short interest, any borrowing or lending of securities or any proxy or voting agreement), the effect or intent of which is to (A) manage risk or benefit of changes in the price of Company Securities for such stockholder or (B) increase or decrease the voting power of such stockholder in the Corporation disproportionately to such person s economic interest in the Company Securities; (v) a description of any plans or proposals which such stockholder may have with respect to any Company Securities that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 4 of Exchange Act Schedule 13D and all arrangements or understandings between such stockholder and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business by such stockholder and any material interest of such stockholder in such business, including, without limitation, any agreements that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 5 or Item 6 of Exchange Act Schedule 13D, regardless of whether the requirement to file a Schedule 13D is applicable, (vi) a representation that such stockholder, or such stockholder s duly-authorized proxy, intends to appear in person at the meeting to bring such business; and (vii) any other information relating to such stockholder or item of business that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies in support of the business proposed to be brought before the meeting pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) of the Exchange Act. The Chairman of the Board or other person presiding over the annual meeting shall, if the facts so warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that business was not properly brought before the meeting in accordance with the provisions of this Section 6(a) and, if he or she should so determine, he or she shall so declare to the meeting and any such business so determined to be not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted. At any special meeting of the stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with Article I, Section 2. (b) Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors of the Corporation may be made at a meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected only: (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors; or (ii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who: (A) is a stockholder of record on the date of giving the notice provided for in this Section 6(b) and on the 

5 record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting and who is entitled to vote in the election of each such nominee, and (B) complies with the notice procedures set forth in Section 6(b). The procedures set forth in this Section 6(b) of this Article I shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make nominations of individuals for election as directors of the Corporation. Such nominations, other than those made by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, shall be made by timely notice in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholder's notice shall be delivered or mailed to and received at the principal executive office of the Corporation not less than ninety (90) days prior to the date of the meeting; provided, however, that if less than one hundred (100) days' notice or prior disclosure of the date of the meeting is given or made to stockholders, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which such notice of the date of the meeting was mailed or otherwise transmitted or the day on which public announcement of the date of the meeting was first made by the Corporation, whichever shall first occur. In the event the Corporation calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more individuals to the Board of Directors, any stockholder may nominate an individual or individuals (as the case may be) for election as a director as specified in the Corporation s notice of meeting, if the stockholder s notice complies with the time parameters set forth in this Section 6(b) and includes the information and certifications required by this Section 6(b). A stockholder's notice to the Secretary shall be in writing and set forth (i) as to each individual whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director (each, a Proposed Nominee ), (A) all information relating to the Proposed Nominee that would be required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of the Proposed Nominee as a director in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act; (B) the class, series and number of all Company Securities, if any, which are owned (beneficially or of record) by each Proposed Nominee and (C) whether and the extent to which each Proposed Nominee, directly or indirectly (through brokers, nominees or otherwise), is subject to or during the last six months has engaged in any hedging, derivative or other transaction or series of transactions or entered into any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short interest, any borrowing or lending of securities or any proxy or voting agreement), the effect or intent of which is to (1) manage risk or benefit of changes in the price of Company Securities for each such Proposed Nominee or (2) increase or decrease the voting power of each such Proposed Nominee in the Corporation disproportionately to such person s economic interest in the Company Securities; and (ii) as to the stockholder giving the notice: (A) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporation's books and of the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made; (B) the class, series and number of all Company Securities, if any, which are owned (beneficially or of record) by such stockholder; (C) whether and the extent to which such stockholder, directly or indirectly (through brokers, nominees or otherwise), is subject to or during the last six months has engaged in any hedging, derivative or other transaction or series of transactions or entered into any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short interest, any borrowing or lending of securities or any proxy or voting agreement), the effect or intent of which is to (I) manage risk or benefit of changes in the price of Company Securities for such stockholder or (II) increase or decrease the voting power of such stockholder in the Corporation disproportionately to such person s economic interest in the Company Securities; (D) a description of any plans or proposals which such stockholder may have with respect to any 

6 Company Securities that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 4 of Exchange Act Schedule 13D and all arrangements or understandings between such stockholder and the Proposed Nominee and any other person or persons (including their names) pursuant to which the nomination(s) are to be made by such stockholder, including, without limitation, any agreements that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 5 or Item 6 of Exchange Act Schedule 13D, regardless of whether the requirement to file a Schedule 13D is applicable; (E) a representation that such stockholder, or such stockholder s duly-authorized proxy, intends to appear in person and at the meeting to nominate the persons named in its notice; (F) any other information relating to such stockholder that would be required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of the Proposed Nominee as a director in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act; and (G) a representation that such stockholder or nominee intends or is part of a group which intends to solicit the holders of shares representing at least 67 of the voting power of shares entitled to vote on the election of directors in support of the nominee in accordance with Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act. Such notice must be accompanied by a written consent of each proposed nominee to be named as a nominee in the Company s proxy statement and to serve as a director if elected. A stockholder proposing a Proposed Nominee shall have no right to (i) nominate a number of Proposed Nominees that exceed the number of directors to be elected at the meeting or (ii) substitute or replace any Proposed Nominee, unless such substitute or replacement is nominated in accordance with this Section 6(b) (including the timely provision of all information and certifications with respect to such substitute or replacement Proposed Nominee in accordance with the deadlines set forth in this Section 6(b)). If the Corporation provides notice to a stockholder that the number of Proposed Nominees proposed by such stockholder exceeds the number of directors to be elected at a meeting, the stockholder must provide written notice to the Corporation within five Business Days stating the names of the Proposed Nominees that have been withdrawn so that the number of Proposed Nominees proposed by such stockholder no longer exceeds the number of directors to be elected at a meeting. If any individual who is nominated in accordance with this Section 6(b) becomes unwilling or unable to serve on the Board of Directors, then the nomination with respect to such individual shall no longer be valid and no votes may validly be cast for such individual. The officer of the Corporation or other person presiding at the meeting shall, if the facts so warrant, determine that a nomination was not made in accordance with such provisions and, if he or she should so determine, he or she shall so declare to the meeting and the defective nomination shall be disregarded. (c) General. (1) If any information or certification submitted pursuant to this Section 6 by any stockholder proposing a nominee for election as a director or any proposal for other business at a meeting of stockholders, including any information or certification from a Proposed Nominee, shall be inaccurate in any material respect, such information or certification may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 6. Any such stockholder shall notify the Corporation of any inaccuracy or change (within two Business Days of becoming aware of such inaccuracy or change) in any such information or certification. Upon written request by the secretary or the Board of Directors, any such stockholder or Proposed Nominee shall provide, within five Business Days of delivery of such request (or such other period as may be specified in such request), (i) written verification, satisfactory, in the discretion of the Board of Directors or any authorized officer of the Corporation, to demonstrate the accuracy of any information 

7 submitted by the stockholder pursuant to this Section 6, (ii) a written update of any information (including, if requested by the Corporation, written confirmation by such stockholder that it continues to intend to bring such nomination or other business proposal before the meeting and, if applicable, satisfy the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3)) submitted by the stockholder pursuant to this Section 6 as of an earlier date and (iii) an updated certification by each Proposed Nominee that such individual will serve as a director of the Corporation if elected. If a stockholder or Proposed Nominee fails to provide such written verification, update or certification within such period, the information as to which such written verification, update or certification was requested may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 6. (2) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 6, the Corporation shall disregard any proxy authority granted in favor of, or votes for, director nominees other than the Corporation s nominees if the stockholder (a Soliciting Stockholder soliciting proxies in support of such director nominees abandons the solicitation or does not (i) comply with Rule 14a- 19 promulgated under the Exchange Act, including any failure by the Soliciting Stockholder to (A) provide the Corporation with any notices required thereunder in a timely manner or (B) comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(2) and Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act or (ii) timely provide sufficient evidence in the determination of the Board of Directors sufficient to satisfy the Corporation that such Soliciting Stockholder has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act in accordance with the following sentence. Upon request by the Corporation, if any Soliciting Stockholder provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act (or is not required to provide notice because the information required by Rule 14a-19(b) has been provided in a preliminary or definitive proxy statement previously filed by such Soliciting Stockholder), such Soliciting Stockholder shall deliver to the Corporation, no later than five Business Days prior to the applicable meeting, sufficient evidence in the judgment of the Board of Directors that it has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act. (3) For purposes of subsections (a) and (b) of this Section 6, the term public announcement shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by a nationally recognized news service, in a document publicly filed or furnished by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission or on a website maintained by the Corporation. (4) For purposes of subsections (a) and (b) of this Section 6, the term Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the State of Wisconsin are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close. (5) Notwithstanding anything in these Bylaws to the contrary, except as otherwise determined by the chair of the meeting, if the stockholder giving notice as provided for in this Section 6, or such stockholder s duly-authorized proxy, does not appear in person at such annual or special meeting and present each nominee for election as a director or the proposed business, as applicable, such nomination or proposal shall not be considered at the meeting. Section 7. VOTING Unless the Charter of the Corporation provides for a greater or lesser number of votes per share or limits or denies voting rights, each outstanding share of stock, regardless of class, is entitled to one vote on each matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of stockholders; however, a share is not 

8 entitled to be voted if any installment payable on it is overdue and unpaid. In all elections for directors, directors shall be determined by a plurality of the votes cast, and except as otherwise required by law or as provided in the Charter of the Corporation, all other matters voted on by stockholders shall be determined by a majority of the votes cast on the matter. A stockholder may vote the stock the stockholder owns of record either in person or by proxy that is (a) executed by the stockholder or the stockholder s duly authorized agent in any manner permitted by applicable law, (b) compliant with Maryland law and these Bylaws and (c) filed in accordance with the procedures established by the Corporation. A stockholder may authorize another person to act as proxy by transmitting, or authorizing the transmission of, an authorization for the person to act as the proxy to the person authorized to act as proxy or to any other person authorized to receive the proxy authorization on behalf of the person authorized to act as the proxy, including a proxy solicitation firm or proxy support service organization. The authorization may be transmitted by a telegram, cablegram, datagram, electronic mail or any other electronic or telephonic means. Unless a proxy provides otherwise, it is not valid more than 11 months after its date. A proxy is revocable by a stockholder at any time without condition or qualification unless the proxy states that it is irrevocable and the proxy is coupled with an interest. A proxy may be made irrevocable for as long as it is coupled with an interest. The interest with which a proxy may be coupled includes an interest in the stock to be voted under the proxy or another general interest in the Corporation or its assets or liabilities. Section 8. CONSENT OF STOCKHOLDERS IN LIEU OF MEETING Except as provided in the following sentence, any action required or permitted to be taken at a meeting of stockholders may be taken without a meeting if a unanimous consent which sets forth the action is given in writing or by electronic transmission by each stockholder entitled to vote on the matter and is filed in paper or electronic format with the records of stockholder meetings. Unless the Charter of the Corporation requires otherwise, the holders of any class of the Corporation's stock other than common stock, entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, may take action or consent to any action by delivering a consent in writing or by electronic transmission of the stockholders entitled to cast not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take the action at a meeting of the stockholders if the Corporation gives notice of the action so taken to each stockholder not later than ten days after the effective time of the action. Section 9. CONDUCT OF VOTING The Board of Directors shall, in advance of any meeting of stockholders, appoint one or more persons as inspectors of election, to act at the meeting or any adjournment thereof and make a written report thereof, in accordance with applicable law. At all meetings of stockholders, the proxies and ballots shall be received, and all questions touching the qualification of voters and the validity of proxies and the acceptance or rejection of votes shall be decided or determined by the inspector of elections. All voting, including on the election of directors but excepting where otherwise required by law, may be by a voice vote; provided, however, that upon demand therefor by a stockholder entitled to vote or his or her proxy or the chairman of the meeting, a written vote shall be taken. Every written vote shall be taken by ballot, each of which shall state the name of the stockholder or proxy voting and such other information as may be required under the procedure 

9 established for the meeting. Every vote taken by ballot shall be counted by an inspector or inspectors appointed by the chairman of the meeting. No candidate for election as a director at a meeting shall serve as an inspector at such meeting. Section 10. CONTROL SHARE ACQUISITION ACT Notwithstanding any other provision of the Charter of the Corporation or these Bylaws, Title 3, Subtitle 7 of the MGCL or any successor statute (the Control Share Acquisition Act shall not apply to any acquisition by any person (as defined in the MGCL) of shares of stock of the Corporation. This Section 10 may be repealed, in whole or in part, at any time, whether before or after an acquisition of Control Shares (as defined in the Control Share Acquisition Act) and, upon such repeal, the Control Share Acquisition Act may, to the extent provided by any successor bylaw, apply to any prior or subsequent Control Share Acquisition (as defined in the Control Share Acquisition Act). ARTICLE II - BOARD OF DIRECTORS Section 1. GENERAL POWERS, NUMBER AND TERM OF OFFICE The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed under the direction of the Board of Directors. The number of directors of the Corporation shall, by virtue of the Corporation's election made hereby to be governed by Section 3-804(b) of the MGCL, be fixed from time to time exclusively by vote of the Board of Directors; provided, however, that such number shall never be less than the minimum number of directors required by the MGCL now or hereafter in force. The Board of Directors shall annually elect a Chairman of the Board and a President from among its members and shall designate, when present, either the Chairman of the Board or the President to preside at its meetings. The Board of Directors may exercise all the powers of the Corporation, except those conferred on or reserved to the stockholders by statute or by the Charter or the Bylaws. The Board may adopt such rules and regulations for the conduct of their meetings and the management of the Corporation as they may deem proper, however, these rules and regulations may not be inconsistent with these Bylaws, the Charter and with the Maryland General Corporation Law. Action may be taken by the Board of Directors without a meeting if a unanimous consent that sets forth the action is given in writing or by electronic transmission by each member of the Board of Directors and filed in paper or electronic form with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors. The directors, other than those who may be elected by the holders of any series of preferred stock, shall be divided into three classes, as nearly equal in number as reasonably possible, with the term of office of the first class to expire at the first annual meeting of stockholders, the term of office of the second class to expire at the annual meeting of stockholders one year thereafter and the term of office of the third class to expire at the annual meeting of stockholders two years thereafter, with each director to hold office until his or her successor shall have been duly elected and qualified. At each annual meeting of stockholders, commencing with the first annual meeting, directors elected to succeed those directors whose terms expire shall be elected for a term of office to expire at the third succeeding annual meeting of stockholders after their election or for such shorter period of time as the Board of Directors may determine, with each director to hold office until his or her successor shall have been duly elected and qualified. Section 2. VACANCIES AND NEWLY CREATED DIRECTORSHIPS 

10 By virtue of the Corporation's election made hereby to be subject to Section 3-804(c) of the MGCL, any vacancies in the Board of Directors resulting from an increase in the size of the Board of Directors or the death, resignation or removal of a director may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum, and any director elected to fill a vacancy shall hold office for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualifies. No decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. Section 3. REGULAR MEETINGS Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at such dates, such times and such places or by means of remote communication as shall have been designated by the Board of Directors and publicized among all directors. A notice of each regular meeting shall not be required. Any regular meeting of the Board of Directors may adjourn from time to time to reconvene at the same or some other place, and no notice need be given of any such adjourned meeting other than by announcement. Section 4. SPECIAL MEETINGS Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by one-third of the directors then in office (rounded up to the nearest whole number) or by the President and shall be held at such place, on such date and at such time as those calling the meeting shall fix. Notice of the date, time and place of each such special meeting of the Board of Directors shall be given to each director. Notice is given to a director when it is delivered personally to him or her, left at his or her residence or usual place of business, or sent by telephone, telegraph, facsimile or electronic transmission at least 24 hours before the time of the meeting, or in the alternative, when it is mailed to his or her address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, at least 72 hours before the time of the meeting. Any director may waive notice of any special meeting either before or after the holding thereof by written waiver filed with the records of the meeting. The attendance of a director at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where a director attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any special meeting of the Board of Directors need be specified in the notice or waiver of notice of such meeting. Any special meeting of the Board of Directors may adjourn from time to time to reconvene at the same or some other place, and no notice need be given of any such adjourned meeting other than by announcement. Section 5. TELEPHONIC MEETINGS Members of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may participate in a meeting of such Board or committee by means of a conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting pursuant to this Section 5 shall constitute presence in person at such 

11 meeting. Section 6. QUORUM At any meeting of the Board of Directors, a majority of the total number of directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, but if less than such quorum is present at a meeting, a majority of the directors present may adjourn the meeting without further notice or waiver thereof. Section 7. POWERS All powers of the Corporation may be exercised by or under the authority of the Board of Directors, except as conferred on or reserved to the stockholders by law or by the Corporation s Charter or these Bylaws. Consistent with the foregoing, the Board of Directors shall have, among other powers, the unqualified power: (a) To declare dividends from time to time in accordance with law; (b) To purchase or otherwise acquire any property, rights or privileges on such terms as it shall determine; (c) To authorize the creation, making and issuance, in such form as it may determine, of written obligations of every kind, negotiable or non-negotiable, secured or unsecured, and to do all things necessary in connection therewith; (d) To remove any officer of the Corporation with or without cause, and from time to time to devolve the powers and duties of any officer upon any other person for the time being; (e) To confer upon any officer of the Corporation the power to appoint, remove and suspend subordinate officers, employees and agents; (f) To adopt from time to time such stock, option, stock purchase, bonus or other compensation plans for directors, officers, employees and agents of the Corporation and its subsidiaries as it may determine; (g) To adopt from time to time such insurance, retirement, and other benefit plans for directors, officers, employees and agents of the Corporation and its subsidiaries as it may determine; and (h) To adopt from time to time regulations, not inconsistent with these Bylaws, for the management of the Corporation's business and affairs. Section 8. RESIGNATION A director may resign at any time by giving written notice to the President or the Secretary of the Corporation. Unless otherwise specified in the notice, the resignation shall take effect upon receipt thereof by the Board or such officer, and the acceptance of the resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. 

12 Section 9. COMPENSATION By resolution of the Board of Directors, a fixed sum and expenses, if any, for attendance at each regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors or of committees thereof, and other compensation for their services as such or on such committees, may be paid to directors, as may compensation for such other services as a director may render to the Corporation. Section 10. PRESUMPTION OF ASSENT A director of the Corporation who is present at a meeting of the Board of Directors at which action on any corporate matter is taken shall be presumed to have assented to such action unless such director announces his dissent at the meeting and either: (a) such director's dissent is entered in the minutes of the meeting; (b) such director files his written dissent to such action with the secretary of the meeting before the adjournment thereof; or (c) such director forwards his written dissent within 24 hours after the meeting is adjourned, by certified mail, return receipt requested, bearing a postmark from the United States Postal Service, to the secretary of the meeting or the Secretary of the Corporation. Such right to dissent shall not apply to a director who voted in favor of such action or failed to make his dissent known at the meeting. Section 11. COMMITTEES The Board of Directors, by a vote of a majority of the Board of Directors, may from time to time designate committees of the Board, with such lawfully delegable powers and duties as it thereby confers, to serve at the pleasure of the Board and shall, for these committees and any others provided for herein, elect a director(s) to serve as the member(s), designating, if it desires, other directors as alternate members who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it; provided, however, that any such committee shall have no power or authority with reference to: (a) declaring dividends or distributions on stock; (b) issuing stock other than as authorized by the Board of Directors; (c) recommending to the stockholders any action that requires stockholder approval; (d) amending the Bylaws, or (e) approving a merger or share exchange that does not require stockholder approval. In the absence or disqualification of any member of any committee and any alternate member in his or her place, the member(s) of the committee present at the meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or she or they constitute a quorum, may by unanimous vote appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of the absent or disqualified member. Each committee may determine the procedural rules for meeting and conducting its business and shall act in accordance therewith, except as otherwise provided herein or required by law. Adequate provision shall be made for notice to members of all meetings. The quorum requirements for each such committee shall be a majority of the members of such committee unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors by a majority vote of the Board of Directors which such quorum determined by a majority of the Board may be one-third of such members and all matters 

13 considered by such committees shall be determined by a majority vote of the members present. Action may be taken by any committee without a meeting if all members thereof consent thereto in writing, and the writing or writings are filed with the minutes of the proceedings of such committee. ARTICLE III - OFFICERS Section 1. EXECUTIVE AND OTHER OFFICERS (a) The Board of Directors as soon as may be practicable after the annual meeting of stockholders shall choose a Chairman of the Board, President, one or more Vice Presidents, a Secretary and a Treasurer and from time to time may choose such other officers as it may deem proper. Any number of offices may be held by the same person, except that no person may concurrently serve as both President and Vice President of the Corporation. (b) The term of office of all officers shall be until the next annual election of officers and until their respective successors are chosen, but any officer may be removed from office at any time by the affirmative vote of a majority of the authorized number of directors then constituting the Board of Directors. (c) All officers chosen by the Board of Directors shall each have such powers and duties as generally pertain to their respective offices, subject to the specific provisions of this Article III. Such officers shall also have such powers and duties as from time to time may be conferred by the Board of Directors or by any committee thereof. Section 2. CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS The Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Corporation shall act in a general executive capacity and, subject to the direction of the Board of Directors, shall have general responsibility for the supervision of the policies and affairs of the Corporation and the effective administration of the Corporation's business. Section 3. PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER The President and Chief Executive Officer shall be the principal executive officer of the Corporation. Subject to the provisions of these Bylaws and to the direction of the Board of Directors, he or she shall have the responsibility for the general management and control of the business and affairs of the Corporation and shall perform all duties and have all powers that are commonly incident to the office of the president or that are delegated to him or her by the Board of Directors. He or she shall have power to sign all contracts, agreements and other instruments of the Corporation that are authorized and shall have general supervision and direction of all of the other officers, employees and agents of the Corporation. Section 4. VICE PRESIDENT(S) The Vice President(s) shall perform the duties of the President in his or her absence or during his or her inability to act. In addition, the Vice President(s) shall perform the duties and exercise the powers usually incident to their respective offices and/or such other duties and powers as may be 

14 properly assigned to them by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board or the President. A Vice President(s) may be designated as Executive Vice President, Senior Vice President or any other designation specified by the Board of Directors. Section 5. SECRETARY The Secretary, and any Assistant Secretaries designated by the Board of Directors, shall: (a) keep the minutes of the meetings of the stockholders, of the Board of Directors and of any committees of the Board of Directors; (b) see that all notices are duly given in accordance with the provisions of the Bylaws or as required by law; (c) witness all documents on behalf of the Corporation, the execution of which is duly authorized, see that the corporate seal is affixed where such document is required to be under its seal, and, when so affixed, may attest the same; and (d) in general, shall perform all duties incident to the office of a secretary of a corporation and such other duties as may be assigned by the Board of Directors or the President. Section 6. TREASURER The Treasurer shall have charge of all monies and securities of the Corporation, other than monies and securities of any division of the Corporation that has a treasurer or financial officer appointed by the Board of Directors, and shall keep regular books of account. The funds of the Corporation shall be deposited in the name of the Corporation by the Treasurer with such banks or trust companies or other entities as the Board of Directors shall designate. The Treasurer shall sign or countersign such instruments as require his or her signature, shall perform all such duties and have all such powers as are usually incident to such office and/or such other duties and powers as are properly assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board or the President, and may be required to give bond for the faithful performance of his or her duties in such sum and with such surety as may be required by the Board of Directors. Section 7. SUBORDINATE OFFICERS The Corporation may have such subordinate officers as the Board of Directors may deem desirable. Each such officer shall hold office for such period and perform such duties as the Board of Directors, the President or the committee or officer designated pursuant to these Bylaws may prescribe. Section 8. ACTION WITH RESPECT TO SECURITIES OF OTHER CORPORATIONS Stock of other corporations or associations, registered in the name of the Corporation, may be voted by the President, a Vice- President, or a proxy appointed by either of them. The Board of Directors, however, may by resolution appoint some other person to vote such shares, in which case such person shall be entitled to vote such shares upon the production of a certified copy of such resolution. ARTICLE IV - STOCK Section 1. CERTIFICATES FOR STOCK 

15 Each stockholder shall be entitled to certificates that represent and certify the shares of stock he or she holds in the Corporation. Each stock certificate shall include on its face the name of the Corporation, the name of the stockholder and the class of stock and number of shares represented by the certificate and be in such form, not inconsistent with law or with the Charter, as shall be approved by the Board of Directors or any officer(s) designated for such purpose by resolution of the Board of Directors. Each stock certificate shall be signed by the President or the Chairman of the Board, and countersigned by the Secretary, an Assistant Secretary, the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer. Each certificate shall be sealed with the actual corporate seal or a facsimile of it or in any other form and the signatures on each certificate may be either manual or facsimile signatures. Each stock certificate also shall include on its face or back: (a) a statement of any restrictions on transferability and a statement of the designations and any preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends, qualifications, and terms and conditions of redemption of the stock of each class which the Corporation is authorized to issue, of the differences in the relative rights and preferences between the shares of each series of preferred stock which the Corporation is authorized to issue, to the extent they have been set, and of the authority of the Board of Directors to set the relative rights and preferences of subsequent series of preferred stock; or (b) a statement which provides in substance that the Corporation will furnish a full statement of such information to any stockholder on request and without charge. Such request may be made to the Secretary or to the Corporation's transfer agent. Upon the issuance of uncertificated shares of capital stock, the Corporation shall send the stockholder a written statement of the same information required above on stock certificates. A certificate is valid and may be issued whether or not an officer who signed it is still an officer of the Corporation when it is issued. Section 2. TRANSFERS The Board of Directors shall have power and authority to make such rules and regulations as it may deem expedient concerning the issue, transfer and registration of certificates of stock, and may appoint transfer agents and registrars thereof. The duties of transfer agent and registrar may be combined. Section 3. RECORD DATE AND CLOSING OF TRANSFER BOOKS In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than 90 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting, nor more than 90 days before any other action. The transfer books may not be closed for a period longer than 20 days. In the case of a meeting of stockholders, the closing of the transfer books shall be at least 10 days before the date of the meeting. Section 4. STOCK LEDGER The Corporation shall maintain a stock ledger that contains the name and address of each stockholder and the number of shares of stock of each class registered in the name of each stockholder. The stock ledger may be in written form or in any other form that can be converted 

16 within a reasonable time into written form for visual inspection. The original or a duplicate of the stock ledger shall be kept at the offices of a transfer agent for the particular class of stock, within or without the State of Maryland, or, if none, at the principal office or the principal executive offices of the Corporation in the State of Maryland. Section 5. CERTIFICATION OF BENEFICIAL OWNERS The Board of Directors may adopt by resolution a procedure by which a stockholder of the Corporation may certify in writing to the Corporation that any shares of stock registered in the name of the stockholder are held for the account of a specified person other than the stockholder. Section 6. LOST, STOLEN OR DESTROYED STOCK CERTIFICATES The Board of Directors of the Corporation may determine the conditions for issuing a new stock certificate in place of one that is purportedly alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, or the Board of Directors may delegate such power to any officer(s) of the Corporation. In its discretion, the Board of Directors or such officer(s) may refuse to issue such new certificate except upon the order of a court having jurisdiction in the premises. ARTICLE V - MISCELLANEOUS Section 1. FACSIMILE SIGNATURES In addition to the provisions for use of facsimile signatures elsewhere specifically authorized in these Bylaws, facsimile signatures of any officer or officers of the Corporation may be used whenever and as authorized by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof. Section 2. CORPORATE SEAL The Board of Directors may provide a suitable seal, bearing the name of the Corporation, which shall be in the charge of the Secretary. The Board of Directors may authorize one or more duplicate seals and provide for the custody thereof. If the Corporation is required to place its corporate seal to a document, it is sufficient to meet the requirement of any law, rule, or regulation relating to a corporate seal to place the word ((seal)( adjacent to the signature of the person authorized to sign the document on behalf of the Corporation. Section 3. ANNUAL STATEMENT OF AFFAIRS The President or chief accounting officer shall prepare annually a full and correct statement of the affairs of the Corporation, to include a balance sheet and a financial statement of operations for the preceding fiscal year. The statement of affairs shall be submitted at the annual meeting of the stockholders and, within 20 days after the meeting, placed on file at the Corporation(s principal office. Section 4. BOOKS AND RECORDS The Corporation shall keep correct and complete books and records of its accounts and transactions 

17 and minutes of the proceedings of its stockholders and Board of Directors and of any committee when exercising any of the powers of the Board of Directors. The books and records of the Corporation may be in written form or in any other form that can be converted within a reasonable time into written form for visual inspection. Minutes shall be recorded in written form but may be maintained in the form of a reproduction. The original or a certified copy of these Bylaws shall be kept at the principal office of the Corporation. Section 5. RELIANCE UPON BOOKS, REPORTS AND RECORDS Each director, each member of any committee designated by the Board of Directors, and each officer and agent of the Corporation shall, in the performance of his or her duties, in addition to any protections conferred upon him or her by law, be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the books of account or other records of the Corporation and upon such information, opinions, reports or statements presented to the Corporation by any of its officers or employees, or committees of the Board of Directors so designated, or by any other person as to matters which such director, committee member, officer or agent reasonably believes are within such other person's professional or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Corporation. Section 6. FISCAL YEAR The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be as fixed by the Board of Directors. Section 7. TIME PERIODS In applying any provision of these Bylaws which requires that an act be done or not be done a specified number of days prior to an event or that an act be done during a period of a specified number of days prior to an event, calendar days shall be used, the day of the doing of the act shall be excluded and the day of the event shall be included. Section 8. CHECKS, DRAFTS, ETC. All checks, drafts and orders for the payment of money, notes and other evidences of indebtedness, issued in the name of the Corporation, shall, unless otherwise provided by resolution of the Board of Directors, be signed by the President, a Vice- President, an Assistant Vice-President, the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer. Section 9. MAIL Any notice or other document that is required by these Bylaws to be mailed shall be deposited in the United States mails, postage prepaid. Section 10. CONTRACTS AND AGREEMENTS To the extent permitted by applicable law, and except as otherwise prescribed by the Charter or these Bylaws, the Board of Directors may authorize any officer, employee or agent of the Corporation to enter into any contract or execute and deliver any instrument in the name of and on 

18 behalf of the Corporation. Such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. A person who holds more than one office in the Corporation may not act in more than one capacity to execute, acknowledge, or verify an instrument required by law to be executed, acknowledged, or verified by more than one officer. ARTICLE VI - AMENDMENTS These Bylaws may be adopted, amended or repealed as provided in the Charter of the Corporation. Effective as of January 23, 2023. 

</EX-3.4>

<EX-21>
 3
 czwi-20221231xex21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 

Subsidiaries of Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. 
 
 The following lists the direct and indirect subsidiaries of Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. 
 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Citizens Community Federal National Association Federal (U.S.) 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 czwi-20221231xex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (File No. 333-226268) and Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-128252 and 333-190877 and 333-224042) of Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiary of our report dated March 7, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements, which appears in this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Eide Bailly LLP 
 
 Phoenix, Arizona 
 March 7, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 czwi-20221231xex311.htm
 SECTION 302 CEO CERTIFICATION

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Stephen M. Bianchi, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 7, 2023 
 By s Stephen M. Bianchi Stephen M. Bianchi President and Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 czwi-20221231xex312.htm
 SECTION 302 CFO CERTIFICATION

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, James S. Broucek, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 7, 2023 
 By s James S. Broucek James S. Broucek Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 czwi-20221231xex321.htm
 SECTION 906 CEO AND CFO CERTIFICATION

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC FINANCIAL REPORT 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each of the undersigned officers of Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. (the Company certifies that the Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods presented in the financial statements included in such report. 
 
 Date March 7, 2023 
 By s Stephen M. Bianchi Stephen M. Bianchi President and Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Date March 7, 2023 
 By s James S. Broucek James S. Broucek Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 The above certifications are made solely for the purpose of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, subject to the knowledge standard contained therein, and not for any other purpose. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 czwi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 czwi-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 czwi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 czwi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 czwi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

