<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1630212_0001213900-23-024687.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9960727</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>485344</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2130418</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2137404</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2550902</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2390107</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024687.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330163552
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024687
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		111
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Avalon GloboCare Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001630212
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				471685128
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38728
		FILM NUMBER:		23781212

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4400 ROUTE 9
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3100
		CITY:			FREEHOLD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07728
		BUSINESS PHONE:		732-780-4400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4400 ROUTE 9
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3100
		CITY:			FREEHOLD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07728

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Avalon Globocare Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161018

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GLOBAL TECHNOLOGIES CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150108

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024687.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_avalonglob.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended
 , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT 

Commission file number:

(Name of registrant as specified
in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 

, , - (Address of principal executive offices) (Registrant s telephone number) 

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT: 

Title of each Class: Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange The Capital Market 

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT: 

None. 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of Registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. Yes No 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of
the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates was
approximately . 

The number of shares of the Registrant s
common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding as of March 30, 2023, was . 

Documents incorporated by reference: NONE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 13 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 49 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 50 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 50 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 50 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 51 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 51 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 51 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative
 Disclosures About Market Risk 
 65 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and
 Supplementary Data 
 65 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements
 with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 65 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 65 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 66 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
 Inspections 
 66 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers
 and Corporate Governance 
 67 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 74 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of
 Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 78 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships
 and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 79 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees
 and Services 
 81 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits 
 82 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 88 

Signatures 
 
 89 

i 

Forward-Looking Statements 

CERTAIN STATEMENTS IN THIS ANNUAL REPORT
ON FORM 10-K MAY CONSTITUTE FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS . WHEN THE WORDS BELIEVES, EXPECTS, PLANS, 
 PROJECTS, ESTIMATES, OBJECTIVES, MAY, MIGHT, PREDICT, 
 TARGET, POTENTIAL, WILL, WOULD, COULD, SHOULD, CONTINUE, 
AND SIMILAR EXPRESSIONS ARE USED, THEY IDENTIFY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ARE BASED ON MANAGEMENT S
CURRENT BELIEFS AND ASSUMPTIONS AND INFORMATION CURRENTLY AVAILABLE TO MANAGEMENT AND INVOLVE KNOWN AND UNKNOWN RISKS, UNCERTAINTIES
AND OTHER FACTORS WHICH MAY CAUSE THE ACTUAL RESULTS, PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY TO BE MATERIALLY DIFFERENT FROM ANY
FUTURE RESULTS, PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED BY THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. INFORMATION CONCERNING FACTORS
THAT COULD CAUSE OUR ACTUAL RESULTS TO DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS CAN BE FOUND IN OUR PERIODIC REPORTS FILED
WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. YOU SHOULD READ THIS ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K AND THE DOCUMENTS THAT WE HAVE FILED AS
EXHIBITS TO THIS ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K COMPLETELY. WE UNDERTAKE NO OBLIGATION TO PUBLICLY RELEASE REVISIONS TO THESE FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS TO REFLECT FUTURE EVENTS OR CIRCUMSTANCES OR REFLECT THE OCCURRENCE OF UNANTICIPATED EVENTS, EXCEPT AS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE
LAW. 

Unless otherwise indicated, references
to we, us, our, Company, or Avalon mean Avalon GloboCare Corp.
and its subsidiaries, and references to fiscal mean the Company s fiscal year ended December 31. References to the
 parent company mean Avalon GloboCare Corp. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

We are a clinical-stage, vertically integrated,
leading CellTech bio-developer dedicated to advancing and empowering innovative and transformative immune effector cell therapy and laboratory
services. Through our membership interest in Lab Services MSO Lab Services ), we plan to focus on precision diagnostics
along with toxicology and wellness testing. Through our subsidiary structure with unique integration of verticals from innovative R D
to automated bioproduction and accelerated clinical development, we are establishing a leading role in the fields of cellular immunotherapy
(including CAR-T), and laboratory services. 

Laboratory Services is focused on delivering
high quality services related to toxicology and wellness testing and provides a broad portfolio of diagnostic tests including drug testing,
toxicology, and a broad array of test services, from general bloodwork to anatomic pathology, and urine toxicology. Specific capabilities
include STAT blood testing, qualitative drug screening, genetic testing, urinary testing, sexually transmitted disease testing and more.
The panels that we test for are thyroid panel, comprehensive metabolic panel, kidney profile, liver function tests, and other individual
tests. Through Laboratory Services, we use fast, accurate, and efficient equipment to provide practitioners with the tools to quickly
determine if a patient is following their designated treatment plan. In most instances, we are able to provide a practitioner with qualitative
drug class results the same day the sample is received. We provide an extensive chemistry test menu that gives physicians the information
to better treat their patients and maintain their overall wellness and have developed a premier reputation for customer service and fast
turnaround times in the industry. 

We are also focused on achieving and fostering
seamless integration of unique verticals to bridge and accelerate innovative research, bio-process development, clinical programs and
product commercialization. Avalon s upstream innovative research incl udes: 

Novel
 therapeutic and diagnostic targets development utilizing QTY-code protein design technology
 with Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) including using the QTY code protein design
 technology for development of novel therapeutic and diagnostic targets. 

Co-development
 of next generation, mRNA-based (Flash-CAR TM CAR-T, CAR-NK and other immune effector
 cell therapeutic modalities with Arbele Limited. 

Avalon s midstream bio-processing and bio-production
facility is affiliated with the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center where our leading candidate AVA-011, as described below, is undergoing
process development to generate clinical grade CAR-T cells for upcoming clinical trial in the US. 

Avalon s downstream medical team and facility
consists of top-rated affiliated hospital network and experts specialized in hematology, oncology, cellular immunotherapy, hematopoietic
stem/progenitor cell transplant, as well as regenerative therapeutics. Our major clinical programs include: 

AVA-001:
 Avalon has initiated its first-in-human clinical trial of CD19 CAR-T candidate, AVA-001 in
 August 2019 at the Hebei Yanda Lu Daopei Hospital and Beijing Lu Daopei Hospital in China
 (the world s single largest CAR-T treatment network for the indication of relapsed/refractory
 B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (B-ALL). The AVA-001 candidate (co-developed with China
 Immunotech Co. Ltd) is characterized by the utilization of 4-1BB (CD137) co-stimulatory signaling
 pathway, conferring a strong anti-cancer activity during pre-clinical study. It also features
 a shorter bio-manufacturing time which leads to the advantage of prompt treatment to patients
 where timing is important related hematologic malignancies. We have successfully completed
 the first-in-human clinical trial of our AVA-001 anti-CD19 CAR-T cell therapy as a bridge
 to allogeneic bone marrow transplantation for patients with relapsed/refractory B-ALL at
 the Lu Daopei Hospital (registered clinical trial number NCT03952923) with excellent efficacy
 (90 complete remission rate) and minimal adverse side effects. We are currently expanding
 the indication and plan to recuit patients in the USA for AVA-001 to include both relapsed/refractory
 B-ALL and non-Hodgkin lymphoma patients. 

1 

AVA-011
 and FLASH-CAR : Avalon advanced its next generation immune cell therapy using mRNA-based,
 non-viral FLASH-CAR technology co-developed with our strategic partner Arbele Limited.
 The adaptable FLASH-CAR platform can be used to create personalized cell therapy from
 a patient s own cells, as well as off-the-shelf cell therapy from a universal donor.
 Our leading candidate, AVA-011, is currently at process development stage to generate clinical-grade
 cell-therapy products for subsequent clinical studies. In July 2021, we and the University
 of Pittsburgh of the Commonwealth System of Higher Education (the University entered into a Corporate Research Agreement (the University Agreement ). Pursuant
 to the University Agreement, for a term of two years the University agreed to use its reasonable
 efforts to perform academic research funded by us in connection with the development of point-of-care
 modular autonomous processing system to generate clinical-grade AVA-011, a RNA-based chimeric
 antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapy candidate with the appointment of Dr. Yen Michael S.
 Hsu as Principal Investigator. We are in the process of renegotiating this agreement
 to extend the term through 2023 and complete some of the research contemplated in the original
 agreement. 

AVA-Trap :
 Avalon s AVA-Trap therapeutic program plans to enter animal model testing followed
 by expedited clinical studies with the goal of providing an effective therapeutic option
 to combat COVID-19 and other life-threatening conditions involving cytokine storms. We initiated
 a sponsored research and co-development project with Massachusetts Institute of Technology
 (MIT) led by Professor Shuguang Zhang as Principal Investigator in May 2019. Using the unique
 QTY code protein design platform, six water-soluble variant cytokine receptors have been
 successfully designed and tested to show binding affinity to the respective cytokines. AVA-Trap TM
 can potentially generate novel therapeutic targets for cellular therapy, as well as
 in the field of precision diagnostics. We do not have a timeline for the next steps of this
 study. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated
rental revenue from our commercial real property in New Jersey, where we are headquartered. Starting in 2023, in addition to the
rental, we also plan to generate income through our membership interest in Lab Services MSO. 

Corporate and Available
Information 

We are incorporated
in Delaware. Our website is located at http://www.avalon-globocare.com. On our website, investors can obtain, free of
charge, a copy of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, our Code of Conduct and
Business Ethics, including disclosure related to any amendments or waivers thereto, other reports and any amendments thereto filed or
furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after we file
such material electronically with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. None of the information posted
on our website is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. The SEC also maintains a website at http://www.sec.gov that
contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding us and other companies that file materials with the
SEC electronically. 

China Operations 

Due to the winding down
of the medical related consulting services segment, in November 2022, we decided to cease all operations in the People s Republic
of China (the PRC with the exception of a small administrative office, in Shanghai. We, through our Nevada Subsidiary Avactis
Biosciences Inc., will continue to own Avactis Nanjing Biosciences Ltd., which only owns a patent and is not considered an operating entity.
In addition, we reconstituted our board in December 2022 at our annual meeting of stockholders and our directors who were citizens of
China did not stand for re-election at our annual meeting. We do not expect nor do we plan that we will further operate in the PRC or
generate revenue from PRC operations for the foreseeable future. 

2 

The following diagram illustrates our corporate
structure: 

Recent Developments 

In the fourth quarter of 2022, we conducted a
private placement offering for shares of our newly designated Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, stated value 1,000 per share (the
 Series A Preferred Stock ). We entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement ),
with certain accredited investors named therein, including Wenzhao Lu, the chairman of our board of directors, pursuant to which we sold
an aggregate of 9,000 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock for the gross proceeds of 9,000,000, which funds were used to pay the cash
purchase price in connection with our acquisition of Lab Services. 

On February 9, 2023, we entered into and closed
an Amended and Restated Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the Amended MIPA ), by and among Avalon Laboratory Services,
Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of us Avalon Laboratory Services ), SCBC Holdings LLC, Laboratory Services, the Zoe Family
Trust, Bryan Cox and Sarah Cox. The Amended MIPA amended and restated, in its entirety, that certain Membership Interest Purchase Agreement,
dated November 7, 2022 (the Original MIPA ). 

Under the Amended MIPA, we acquired from SCBC
Holdings LLC through our subsidiary Avalon Laboratory Services, forty percent (40 of all the issued and outstanding equity interests
of Laboratory Services, free and clear of all liens (the Laboratory Services MSO Acquisition ). As part of the consideration
for the Laboratory Services MSO Acquisition, we issued shares of our newly designated Series B Convertible Stock, stated value 1,000
per share the Series B Preferred Stock ). Further, Avalon Laboratory Services paid SCBC Holdings LLC 21,000,000 for all
the issued and outstanding equity interests of Laboratory Services, which comprised of (i) 9,000,000 in cash, (ii) 11,000,000 pursuant
to the issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock, and (iii) a 1,000,000 cash payment on February 9, 2024. 

In addition, at any time during the period beginning
on the closing date of the Laboratory Services MSO Acquisition and ending on the date nine (9) months after such closing date, Avalon
Laboratory Services, or its designated affiliates under the Amended MIPA, may purchase from SCBC Holdings LLC twenty percent (20 of
the total issued and outstanding equity interests of Laboratory Services MSO for the purchase price of (i) 6,000,000 in cash and (ii)
the issuance of an additional 4,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock valued at 4,000,000, in accordance with the terms and conditions
set forth in the Amended MIPA. 

Sales and Marketing 

We seek to develop new business through relationships
driven by our senior management, which have extensive contacts throughout the healthcare system. Our senior management will be seeking
opportunities for joint ventures, strategic relationships and acquisitions in consulting, biomedical innovations, laboratory, and medical
device companies. In addition, through our membership interest in Lab Services, we plan to generate revenue from toxicology and wellness
laboratory testing. We also intend to seek opportunities to expand the operations of Lab Services, through acquisition of additional
lab companies and through the opening of new lab locations. 

3 

Consulting Services 

Due to the winding down of the medical related
consulting services in 2022, the Company decided to cease all operations of Avalon Shanghai and no longer has any material revenues or
expenses in Avalon Shanghai. 

Markets 

Laboratory Services 

Through our membership interest in Laboratory
Services, we are focused on delivering high quality services related to toxicology and wellness testing. We use fast, accurate, and efficient
equipment to provide practitioners with the tools to quickly determine if a patient is following their designated treatment plan. In
most instances, we are able to provide a practitioner with qualitative drug class results the same day the sample is received. We provide
an extensive chemistry test menu that gives physicians the information to better treat their patients and maintain their overall wellness.
The panels that we test for are thyroid panel, comprehensive metabolic panel, kidney profile, liver function tests, and other individual
tests. 

Cellular Therapy 

We focus on the following markets in developing
our cellular therapy business: 

Cellular
 Immunotherapy in Oncology: Regarded as the future of medicine, we believe cell-based technologies
 and therapeutics will replace pharmaceuticals as a more effective and functional modality
 in certain unmet medical areas. We are actively engaging in this revolutionary trend and
 positioning to take a leading role in immune effector cell therapies in the immuno-oncology
 domai. 

QTY-Code
 Protein Design: Novel therapeutic and diagnostic targets development utilizing QTY-code protein
 design technology with Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) including using the QTY
 code protein design technology for development of a hemofiltration device to treat Cytokine
 Storm (aka Cytokine Release Syndrome). QTY-code can be applied to generate water-soluble,
 antibody-like molecular variants of native membrane-bound receptors, which may expand the
 repertoire of therapeutic targets in CAR-T cell therapies. 

Revenue 

Avalon RT 9 Properties, LLC 

In May 2017, we acquired commercial property
located in Freehold, New Jersey. This property is now our corporate headquarters and contains several commercial tenants that generate
revenue through rental income. 

Laboratory Services 

On February 9, 2023,
we acquired membership interest in Lab Services. We anticipate generating revenue through this membership interest in the areas of toxicology
and wellness testing. 

Strategic Development 

Through our wholly owned subsidiary Lab Services,
we plan to embark in a rollup acquisition strategy of small to medium size laboratories accretive to our strategy and complimentary to
our membership interest in Lab Services. We also intend to pursue the acquisition and development of healthcare related technologies
for cell related diagnostics and therapeutics through acquisition, licensing or joint ventures with major universities and biotech companies.
seeking laboratory or medical device acquisitions. 

Intellectual Property 

Our goal is to obtain, maintain and enforce patent
rights for our products, formulations, processes, methods of use and other proprietary technologies, preserve our trade secrets, and
operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of other parties, both in the United States and abroad. Our policy is to actively
seek to obtain, where appropriate, the broadest intellectual property protection possible for our current product candidates and any
future product candidates, proprietary information and proprietary technology through a combination of contractual arrangements and patents,
both in the United States and abroad. Even patent protection, however, may not always afford us with complete protection against competitors
who seek to circumvent our patents. If we fail to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual property rights or secure rights to
patents of others, the value of our intellectual property rights would diminish. To this end, we require all of our employees, consultants,
advisors and other contractors to enter into confidentiality agreements that prohibit the disclosure and use of confidential information
and, where applicable, require disclosure and assignment to us of the ideas, developments, discoveries and inventions relevant to our
technologies and important to our business. 

4 

Competition 

Laboratory Services 

While there has been consolidation in the diagnostic
information services industry in recent years, the laboratory testing industry is fragmented and highly competitive. We primarily compete
with three types of clinical testing providers: commercial clinical laboratories IDN-affiliated laboratories and physician-office laboratories.
Our largest commercial clinical laboratory competitors are Quest Diagnostic Laboratories and Laboratory Corporation of America. In addition,
we compete with many smaller regional and local commercial clinical laboratories, specialized advanced laboratories and providers of
consumer-initiated testing. There also has been a trend among physician practices to establish their own histology laboratory capabilities
and/or bring pathologists into their practices, thereby reducing referrals from these practices and increasing the competitive position
of these practices. 

In addition, we believe that consolidation in
the diagnostic information services industry will continue. A significant portion of clinical testing is likely to continue to be performed
by independent delivery networks (including hospitals and hospital health systems) IDNs ), which generally have affiliations
with community clinicians and may have more, or more convenient, locations in a market. As a result, we compete against these affiliated
laboratories primarily on the basis of service capability, quality and pricing. In addition, market activity may increase the competitive
environment. For example, IDN ownership of physician practices may enhance the ties of the clinicians to IDN-affiliated laboratories,
enhancing the competitive position of IDN-affiliated laboratories. 

The diagnostic information services industry
is faced with changing technology, new product introductions and new service offerings. Competitors may compete using advanced technology,
including technology that enables more convenient or cost-effective testing. Digital pathology, still in an emerging state, is an example
of this. Competitors also may compete on the basis of new service offerings. Competitors also may offer testing to be performed outside
of a commercial clinical laboratory, such as (1) point-of-care testing that can be performed by physicians in their offices; (2) testing
that can be performed by IDNs in their own laboratories; and (3) home testing that can be carried out without requiring the services
of outside providers. 

Clinical 

The development and commercialization of new
drug products is highly competitive. We expect that we will face significant competition from major pharmaceutical companies, specialty
pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies worldwide with respect to our product candidates that we may seek to develop or
commercialize in the future. Specifically, due to the large unmet medical need, global demographics and relatively attractive reimbursement
dynamics, the markets in which we are seeking to develop products are fiercely competitive and there are a number of large pharmaceutical
and biotechnology companies that currently market and sell products or are pursuing the development of product candidates similar to
ours. Our competitors may succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing technologies and drug products that are more effective, have
fewer or more tolerable side effects or are less costly than any product candidates that we are currently developing or that we may develop,
which could render our product candidates obsolete and noncompetitive. 

Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or
eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects,
are more convenient or are less expensive than any products that we may develop. Our competitors also may obtain FDA or other marketing
approval for their products before we are able to obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong
market position before we are able to enter the market. 

5 

General 

Many of our existing and potential future competitors
have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in lab services and operations, research and development, manufacturing,
preclinical testing, conducting clinical studies, obtaining marketing approvals and marketing approved products than we do. Mergers and
acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller
number of our competitors. Smaller, or early stage, companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative
arrangements with large and established companies. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific
and management personnel and establishing clinical study sites and patient registration for clinical studies, as well as in acquiring
technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. 

We expect that our ability to compete effectively
will depend upon our ability to: 

successfully
 operate and expand our lab services and locations; 

successfully
 and rapidly complete adequate and well-controlled clinical studies that demonstrate statistically
 significant safety and efficacy and to obtain all requisite regulatory approvals in a cost-effective
 manner; 

maintain
 a proprietary position for our manufacturing processes and other technology; 

produce
 our products in accordance with FDA and international regulatory guidelines; 

attract
 and retain key personnel; and 

build
 or access an adequate sales and marketing infrastructure for any approved products. 

Failure to do one or more of these activities
could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Avalon RT 9 Properties LLC 

Our executive commercial building in Freehold,
New Jersey is located on a major highway and is one of the largest buildings in the surrounding areas. It is centrally located and maintains
high occupancy. There are other commercial properties in the vicinity that offer similar amenities. However, premier executive offices
are limited and as such we expect to continue to maintain high occupancy in the near term. 

Employees 

As of March 30, 2023, we employed six employees,
five of which are full time employees. None of our employees are represented by a collective bargaining arrangement. 

Government Regulation 

Overview 

The healthcare industry in the U.S. is highly
regulated and subject to changing political, legislative, regulatory, and other influences. Further, the healthcare industry is currently
undergoing rapid change. We are uncertain how, when or in what context these new changes will be adopted or implemented. These new regulations
could create unexpected liabilities for us, could cause us or our members to incur additional costs and could restrict our or our clients 
operations. Many of the laws are complex and their application to us, our clients, or the specific services and relationships we have
with our members are not always clear. Our failure to anticipate accurately the application of these laws and regulations, or our other
failure to comply, could create liability for us, result in adverse publicity, and otherwise negatively affect our business. 

6 

Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act
Compliance 

The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act,
or the HFCA Act, was enacted on December 18, 2020. According to the HFCA Act, if the SEC determines that Avalon has filed audit reports
issued by a registered public accounting firm that has not been subject to inspection by the PCAOB for three consecutive years beginning
in 2021, the SEC will prohibit Avalon s securities from being traded on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter
trading market in the United States. 

On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a Determination
Report which reported that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered
in: (1) mainland China of the People s Republic of China, because of a position taken by one or more authorities in mainland China;
and (2) Hong Kong, a Special Administrative Region of the PRC, because of a position taken by one or more authorities in Hong Kong. 

Avalon s auditor is Marcum LLP Marcum ),
based in New York, New York. Marcum is registered with the PCAOB and is subject to laws in the United States pursuant to which the PCAOB
conducts regular inspections to assess their compliance with the applicable professional standards. Since Marcum is located in the United
States, the PCAOB has been able to conduct inspections of Marcum. In addition, Marcum is not among the PCAOB registered public accounting
firms registered in mainland China or Hong Kong that are subject to PCAOB s determination on December 16, 2021. 

Although the audit reports of Avalon are prepared
by U.S. auditors that are subject to inspection by the PCAOB, the PCAOB is currently unable to conduct inspections over the audit work
of Avalon s independent registered public accounting firms with respect to Avalon s operations in mainland China without
the approval of certain Chinese authorities. Also, there is no guarantee that future audit reports will be prepared by auditors that
are completely inspected by the PCAOB and, as such, future investors may be deprived of such inspections, which could result in limitations
or restrictions to Avalon s access of the U.S. capital markets. 

Inspections of certain other firms that the PCAOB
has conducted outside of China have identified deficiencies in those firms audit procedures and quality control procedures, which
may be addressed as part of the inspection process to improve future audit quality. However, the PCAOB is currently unable to inspect
an auditor s audit work related to a company s operations in China where such documentation of the audit work is located
in China. As a result, Avalon s investors may be deprived of the benefits of the PCAOB s oversight of auditors that are located
in China through such inspections. 

On March 24, 2021, the SEC adopted interim final
rules relating to the implementation of certain disclosure and documentation requirements of the HFCA Act. Avalon will be required to
comply with these rules if the SEC identifies us as having a non-inspection year under a process to be subsequently established
by the SEC. The SEC is assessing how to implement other requirements of the HFCA Act, including the listing and trading prohibition requirements
described above. 

On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed a bill
which, if passed by the U.S. House of Representatives and signed into law, would reduce the number of consecutive non-inspection years
required for triggering the prohibitions under the HFCA Act from three years to two, which would shorten the timeframe before Avalon s
share may be delisted and before the trading in Avalon s shares is prohibited. 

On November 5, 2021, the SEC approved Rule 6100
adopted by the PCAOB to determine its inability to inspect or investigate registered firms completely under the HFCA Act. This rule establishes
the framework for the PCAOB to make these required determinations. The trading in Avalon s securities may be prohibited under the
HFCA Act if the PCAOB subsequently determines Avalon s audit work is performed by auditors that the PCAOB is unable to inspect
or investigate completely pursuant to Rule 6100, and as a result, U.S. national securities exchanges, such as Nasdaq, may determine to
delist Avalon s securities. Such a delisting would likely cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or become
worthless. 

7 

The SEC may propose additional regulatory or
legislative requirements or guidance that could impact us if our auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspection. For example, on August 6,
2020, the President s Working Group on Financial Markets, or the PWG, issued the Report on Protecting United States Investors from
Significant Risks from Chinese Companies to the then President of the United States. This report recommended the SEC implement five recommendations
to address companies from jurisdictions that do not provide the PCAOB with sufficient access to fulfil its statutory mandate. Some of
the concepts of these recommendations were implemented with the enactment of the HFCA Act. However, some of the recommendations were
more stringent than the HFCA Act. For example, if a company was not subject to PCAOB inspection, the report recommended that the transition
period before a company would be delisted would end on January 1, 2022. 

The SEC has announced that the SEC staff is preparing
a consolidated proposal for the rules regarding the implementation of the HFCA Act and to address the recommendations in the PWG report.
It is unclear when the SEC will complete its rulemaking and when such rules will become effective and what, if any, of the PWG recommendations
will be adopted. The implications of this possible regulation in addition to the requirements of the HFCA Act are uncertain. Although
Avalon is currently not subject to the HFCA Act, any uncertainty of its applicability to Avalon, for example if Avalon switched to using
a PRC-based auditing firm, could cause the market price of Avalon s securities to be materially and adversely affected and could
cause Avalon s securities to be delisted or prohibited from being traded over-the-counter . If Avalon s securities
are unable to be listed on another securities exchange, such a delisting would substantially impair your ability to sell or purchase
Avalon s securities when you wish to do so, and the risk and uncertainty associated with a potential delisting would have a negative
impact on the price of Avalon s securities. See Risk Factors Trading in Avalon s securities may be restricted
under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act if the PCAOB determines that it cannot inspect or fully investigate Avalon s
auditors, and as a result, U.S. national securities exchanges, such as Nasdaq, may determine to delist Avalon s securities. 

Drug Approval Process 

The research, development, testing, manufacture,
labeling, promotion, advertising, distribution and marketing, among other things, of our product candidates are extensively regulated
by governmental authorities in the United States and other countries. In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or the FDCA, and its implementing regulations. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements
may subject us to administrative or judicial sanctions, such as the FDA s refusal to approve a pending new drug application, or
NDA, or a pending biologics license application, or BLA, warning letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension
of production or distribution, injunctions and/or criminal prosecution. 

Pharmaceutical products such as ours may not
be commercially marketed without prior approval from the FDA and comparable regulatory agencies in other countries. In the United States,
the process to receiving such approval is long, expensive and risky, and includes the following steps: 

pre-clinical
 laboratory tests, animal studies, and formulation studies; 

submission
 to the FDA of an IND for human clinical testing, which must become effective before human
 clinical trials may begin; 

adequate
 and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the drug
 for each indication; 

submission
 to the FDA of an NDA or BLA; 

satisfactory
 completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the
 drug is produced to assess compliance with current good manufacturing practices, or cGMPs; 

a
 potential FDA audit of the preclinical and clinical trial sites that generated the data in
 support of the NDA or BLA; 

the
 ability to obtain clearance or approval of companion diagnostic tests, if required, on a
 timely basis, or at all; and 

FDA
 review and approval of the NDA or BLA. 

8 

Regulation by U.S. and foreign governmental authorities
is a significant factor affecting our ability to commercialize any of our products, as well as the timing of such commercialization and
our ongoing research and development activities. The commercialization of drug products requires regulatory approval by governmental
agencies prior to commercialization. Various laws and regulations govern or influence the research and development, non-clinical and
clinical testing, manufacturing, processing, packing, validation, safety, labeling, storage, record keeping, registration, listing, distribution,
advertising, sale, marketing and post-marketing commitments of our products. The lengthy process of seeking these approvals, and the
subsequent compliance with applicable laws and regulations, require expending substantial resources. 

The results of pre-clinical testing, which include
laboratory evaluation of product chemistry and formulation, animal studies to assess the potential safety and efficacy of the product
and its formulations, details concerning the drug manufacturing process and its controls, and a proposed clinical trial protocol and
other information must be submitted to the FDA as part of an IND that must be reviewed and become effective before clinical testing can
begin. The study protocol and informed consent information for patients in clinical trials must also be submitted to an independent Institutional
Review Board, or IRB, for approval covering each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted. Once a sponsor submits an
IND, the sponsor must wait 30 calendar days before initiating any clinical trials. If the FDA has comments or questions within this 30-day
period, the issue(s) must be resolved to the satisfaction of the FDA before clinical trials can begin. In addition, the FDA, an IRB or
the company may impose a clinical hold on ongoing clinical trials due to safety concerns. If the FDA imposes a clinical hold, clinical
trials can only proceed under terms authorized by the FDA. Our pre-clinical and clinical studies must conform to the FDA s Good
Laboratory Practice, or GLP, and Good Clinical Practice, or GCP, requirements, respectively, which are designed to ensure the quality
and integrity of submitted data and protect the rights and well-being of study patients. Information for certain clinical trials also
must be publicly disclosed within certain time limits on the clinical trial registry and results databank maintained by the NIH. 

Typically, clinical testing involves a three-phase
process; however, the phases may overlap or be combined: 

Phase
 I clinical trials typically are conducted in a small number of volunteers or patients to
 assess the early tolerability and safety profile, and the pattern of drug absorption, distribution
 and metabolism; 

Phase
 II clinical trials typically are conducted in a limited patient population with a specific
 disease in order to assess appropriate dosages and dose regimens, expand evidence of the
 safety profile and evaluate preliminary efficacy; and 

Phase
 III clinical trials typically are larger scale, multicenter, well-controlled trials conducted
 on patients with a specific disease to generate enough data to statistically evaluate the
 efficacy and safety of the product, to establish the overall benefit-risk relationship of
 the drug and to provide adequate information for the registration of the drug. 

A therapeutic product candidate being studied
in clinical trials may be made available for treatment of individual patients, in certain circumstances. Pursuant to the 21st Century
Cures Act (Cures Act), which was signed into law in December 2016. The manufacturer of an investigational product for a serious disease
or condition is required to make available, such as by posting on its website, its policy on evaluating and responding to requests for
individual patient access to such investigational product. 

The results of the pre-clinical and clinical
testing, chemistry, manufacturing and control information, proposed labeling and other information are then submitted to the FDA in the
form of either an NDA or BLA for review and potential approval to begin commercial sales. In responding to an NDA or BLA, the FDA may
grant marketing approval, request additional information in a Complete Response Letter, or CRL, or deny the approval if it determines
that the NDA or BLA does not provide an adequate basis for approval. A CRL generally contains a statement of specific conditions that
must be met in order to secure final approval of an NDA or BLA and may require additional testing. If and when those conditions have
been met to the FDA s satisfaction, the FDA will typically issue an approval letter, which authorizes commercial marketing of the
product with specific prescribing information for specific indications, and sometimes with specified post-marketing commitments and/or
distribution and use restrictions imposed under a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy program. Any approval required from the FDA
might not be obtained on a timely basis, if at all. 

9 

Among the conditions for an NDA or BLA approval
is the requirement that the manufacturing operations conform on an ongoing basis with cGMPs. In complying with cGMPs, we must expend
time, money and effort in the areas of training, production and quality control within our own organization and at our contract manufacturing
facilities. A successful inspection of the manufacturing facility by the FDA is usually a prerequisite for final approval of a pharmaceutical
product. Following approval of the NDA or BLA, we and our manufacturers will remain subject to periodic inspections by the FDA to assess
compliance with cGMPs requirements and the conditions of approval. We will also face similar inspections coordinated by foreign regulatory
authorities. 

Disclosure of Clinical Trial Information 

Sponsors of certain clinical trials of FDA-regulated
products are required to register and disclose certain clinical trial information. Information related to the product, patient population,
phase of investigation, trial sites and investigators, and other aspects of the clinical trial are then made public as part of the registration.
Sponsors are also obligated to disclose the results of their clinical trials after completion. Disclosure of the results of these trials
can be delayed in certain circumstances for up to two years after the date of completion of the trial. Competitors may use this publicly
available information to gain knowledge regarding the progress of development programs. 

Expedited Development and Review Programs 

The FDA has a Fast Track program that is intended
to expedite or facilitate the process for reviewing new drugs and biological products that meet certain criteria. Specifically, new drugs
and biological products are eligible for Fast Track designation if they are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening condition
and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the condition. Fast Track designation applies to the combination of
the product and the specific indication for which it is being studied. The sponsor of a new drug or biologic may request the FDA to designate
the drug or biologic as a Fast Track product at any time during the clinical development of the product. Unique to a Fast Track product,
the FDA may consider for review sections of the marketing application on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted,
if the sponsor provides a schedule for the submission of the sections of the application, the FDA agrees to accept sections of the application
and determines that the schedule is acceptable, and the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first section of the
application. 

Any product submitted to the FDA for marketing,
including under a Fast Track program, may be eligible for other types of FDA programs intended to expedite development and review, such
as priority review and accelerated approval. Under the Breakthrough Therapy program, products intended to treat a serious or life-threatening
disease or condition may be eligible for the benefits of the Fast Track program when preliminary clinical evidence demonstrates that
such product may have substantial improvement on one or more clinically significant endpoints over existing therapies. Additionally,
FDA will seek to ensure the sponsor of a breakthrough therapy product receives timely advice and interactive communications to help the
sponsor design and conduct a development program as efficiently as possible. Any product is eligible for priority review if it has the
potential to provide safe and effective therapy where no satisfactory alternative therapy exists or a significant improvement in the
treatment, diagnosis or prevention of a disease compared to marketed products. The FDA will attempt to direct additional resources to
the evaluation of an application for a new drug or biological product designated for priority review in an effort to facilitate the review.
Additionally, a product may be eligible for accelerated approval. Drug or biological products studied for their safety and effectiveness
in treating serious or life-threatening illnesses and that provide meaningful therapeutic benefit over existing treatments may receive
accelerated approval, which means that they may be approved on the basis of adequate and well-controlled clinical studies establishing
that the product has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict a clinical benefit, or on the basis of an
effect on a clinical endpoint other than survival or irreversible morbidity. As a condition of approval, the FDA may require that a sponsor
of a drug or biological product receiving accelerated approval perform adequate and well-controlled post-marketing clinical studies.
In addition, the FDA currently requires as a condition for accelerated approval the pre-approval of promotional materials, which could
adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch of the product. Fast Track designation, Breakthrough Therapy designation, priority
review and accelerated approval do not change the standards for approval but may expedite the development or approval process. 

10 

Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapies
(RMAT) Designation 

The FDA has established a Regenerative Medicine
Advanced Therapy, or RMAT, designation as part of its implementation of the 21st Century Cures Act, or Cures Act. The RMAT designation
program is intended to fulfill the Cures Act requirement that the FDA facilitate an efficient development program for, and expedite review
of, any drug that meets the following criteria: (1) it qualifies as a RMAT, which is defined as a cell therapy, therapeutic tissue engineering
product, human cell and tissue product, or any combination product using such therapies or products, with limited exceptions; (2) it
is intended to treat, modify, reverse, or cure a serious or life-threatening disease or condition; and (3) preliminary clinical evidence
indicates that the drug has the potential to address unmet medical needs for such a disease or condition. Like breakthrough therapy designation,
RMAT designation provides potential benefits that include more frequent meetings with FDA to discuss the development plan for the product
candidate, and eligibility for rolling review and priority review. Products granted RMAT designation may also be eligible for accelerated
approval on the basis of a surrogate or intermediate endpoint reasonably likely to predict long-term clinical benefit, or reliance upon
data obtained from a meaningful number of sites, including through expansion to additional sites. RMAT-designated products that receive
accelerated approval may, as appropriate, fulfill their post-approval requirements through the submission of clinical evidence, clinical
studies, patient registries, or other sources of real world evidence (such as electronic health records); through the collection of larger
confirmatory data sets; or via post-approval monitoring of all patients treated with such therapy prior to approval of the therapy. 

Post-Approval Requirements 

Oftentimes, even after a drug has been approved
by the FDA for sale, the FDA may require that certain post-approval requirements be satisfied, including the conduct of additional clinical
studies. If such post-approval requirements are not satisfied, the FDA may withdraw its approval of the drug. In addition, holders of
an approved NDA or BLA are required to report certain adverse reactions to the FDA, comply with certain requirements concerning advertising
and promotional labeling for their products, and continue to have quality control and manufacturing procedures conform to cGMPs after
approval. The FDA periodically inspects the sponsor s records related to safety reporting and/or manufacturing facilities; this
latter effort includes assessment of compliance with cGMPs. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort
in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMPs compliance. 

Other Healthcare Fraud and Abuse Laws 

In the U.S., our activities are potentially subject
to regulation by various federal, state and local authorities in addition to the FDA, including but not limited to, the Centers for Medicare
and Medicaid Services, or CMS, other divisions of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (such as the Office of Inspector General
and the Health Resources and Service Administration), the U.S. Department of Justice, or the DOJ, and individual U.S. Attorney offices
within the DOJ, and state and local governments. For example, sales, marketing and scientific/educational grant programs may have to
comply with the anti-fraud and abuse provisions of the Social Security Act, the false claims laws, the privacy and security provisions
of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, or HIPAA, and similar state laws, each as amended, as applicable. 

The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits,
among other things, any person or entity from knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any remuneration, directly
or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the
purchase, lease or order of any item or service reimbursable, in whole or in part, under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare
programs. The term remuneration has been interpreted broadly to include anything of value. The Anti-Kickback Statute has been interpreted
to apply to arrangements between therapeutic product manufacturers on one hand and prescribers, purchasers, and formulary managers on
the other. There are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution.
The exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly and practices that involve remuneration that may be alleged to be intended to induce
prescribing, purchasing or recommending may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. Failure to
meet all of the requirements of a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does not make the conduct per se
illegal under the Anti-Kickback Statute. Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on
a cumulative review of all of its facts and circumstances. Additionally, the intent standard under the Anti-Kickback Statute was amended
by the ACA to a stricter standard such that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent
to violate it in order to have committed a violation. In addition, the ACA codified case law that a claim including items or services
resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal False
Claims Act, or FCA. 

11 

The federal false claims and civil monetary penalty
laws, including the FCA, which imposes significant penalties and can be enforced by private citizens through civil qui tam actions, prohibit
any person or entity from, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment
to, or approval by, the federal healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, or knowingly making, using, or causing to be made
or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government. A claim includes any request
or demand for money or property presented to the U.S. government. For instance, historically, pharmaceutical and other healthcare
companies have been prosecuted under these laws for allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers
would bill federal programs for the product. Other companies have been prosecuted for causing false claims to be submitted because of
the companies marketing of the product for unapproved, off-label, and thus generally non-reimbursable, uses. 

HIPAA created additional federal criminal statutes
that prohibit, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud or to obtain, by
means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations or promises, any money or property owned by, or under the control or custody
of, any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a healthcare
offense, and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by trick, scheme or device, a material fact or making any
materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or
services. Like the Anti-Kickback Statute, the ACA amended the intent standard for certain healthcare fraud statutes under HIPAA such
that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed
a violation. 

Many states have similar, and typically more
prohibitive, fraud and abuse statutes or regulations that apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs,
or, in several states, apply regardless of the payor. Additionally, to the extent that our product candidates may in the future be sold
in a foreign country, we may be subject to similar foreign laws. 

We may be subject to data privacy and security
regulations by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information
Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, and its implementing regulations, imposes requirements relating to the privacy,
security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. Among other things, HITECH makes HIPAA s privacy and
security standards directly applicable to business associates, independent contractors, or agents of covered entities that receive or
obtain protected health information in connection with providing a service on behalf of a covered entity. HITECH also created four new
tiers of civil monetary penalties, amended HIPAA to make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business associates, and
gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce HIPAA and seek
attorneys fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. In addition, many state laws govern the privacy and security
of health information in specified circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways, are often not pre-empted
by HIPAA, and may have a more prohibitive effect than HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

We expect our product, after approval, may be
eligible for coverage under Medicare, the federal health care program that provides health care benefits to the aged and disabled, and
covers outpatient services and supplies, including certain pharmaceutical products, that are medically necessary to treat a beneficiary s
health condition. In addition, the product may be covered and reimbursed under other government programs, such as Medicaid and the 340B
Drug Pricing Program. The Medicaid Drug Rebate Program requires pharmaceutical manufacturers to enter into and have in effect a national
rebate agreement with the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services as a condition for states to receive federal matching
funds for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs furnished to Medicaid patients. Under the 340B Drug Pricing Program, the manufacturer
must extend discounts to entities that participate in the program. As part of the requirements to participate in certain government programs,
many pharmaceutical manufacturers must calculate and report certain price reporting metrics to the government, such as average manufacturer
price, or AMP, and best price. Penalties may apply in some cases when such metrics are not submitted accurately and timely. 

12 

Additionally, the federal Physician Payments
Sunshine Act, or the Sunshine Act, within the ACA, and its implementing regulations, require that certain manufacturers of drugs, devices,
biological and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program
(with certain exceptions) report annually to CMS information related to certain payments or other transfers of value made or distributed
to physicians and teaching hospitals, or to entities or individuals at the request of, or designated on behalf of, the physicians and
teaching hospitals and to report annually certain ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members.
Failure to report accurately could result in penalties. In addition, many states also govern the reporting of payments or other transfers
of value, many of which differ from each other in significant ways, are often not pre-empted, and may have a more prohibitive effect
than the Sunshine Act, thus further complicating compliance efforts. 

New Legislation and Regulations 

From time to time, legislation is drafted, introduced
and passed in Congress that could significantly change the statutory provisions governing the testing, approval, manufacturing and marketing
of products regulated by the FDA. In addition to new legislation, FDA regulations and policies are often revised or interpreted by the
agency in ways that may significantly affect our business and our products. It is impossible to predict whether further legislative changes
will be enacted or whether FDA regulations, guidance, policies or interpretations will be changed or what the effect of such changes,
if any, may be. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

You should carefully consider the following
material risk factors as well as all other information set forth or referred to in this report before purchasing shares of our common
stock. Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. We may not be successful in preventing the material adverse effects
that any of the following risks and uncertainties may cause. These potential risks and uncertainties may not be a complete list of the
risks and uncertainties facing us. There may be additional risks and uncertainties that we are presently unaware of, or presently consider
immaterial, that may become material in the future and have a material adverse effect on us. You could lose all or a significant portion
of your investment due to any of these risks and uncertainties. 

Summary of Risk Factors 

Our business is subject
to numerous risks and uncertainties that you should consider before investing in our company, as fully described below. The principal
factors and uncertainties that make investing in our company risky include, among others: 

General Operating and Business Risks 

Our
 limited operating history makes it difficult for us to evaluate our future business prospects
 and make decisions based on those estimates of our future performance. 

Our
 results of operations have not resulted in profitability and we may not be able to achieve
 profitability going forward. 

There
 is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, which will affect
 our ability to obtain future financing and may require us to curtail our operations. 

Our
 cash will only fund our operations for a limited time and we will need to raise additional
 capital in order to support our development. 

The
 Laboratory Services MSO Acquisition will result in organizational changes that could create
 significant growth for our business. If we fail to effectively manage this growth and adapt
 our business structure in a manner that preserves our reputation, then our business, financial
 condition and results of operations could be harmed. 

We
 must effectively manage the growth of our operations, or our company will suffer. 

13 

Our
 prospects will suffer if we are not able to hire, train, motivate, manage, and retain a significant
 number of highly skilled employees. 

Potential
 liability claims may adversely affect our business. 

In
 accordance with our strategic development policy, we may invest in companies for strategic
 reasons and may not realize a return on our investments. 

Obtaining
 and maintaining patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document
 submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and
 any patent protection we may obtain in the future could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance
 with these requirements. 

It
 is difficult and costly to protect our proprietary rights, and we may not be able to ensure
 their protection. If we fail to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights adequately
 or secure rights to patents of others, the value of our intellectual property rights would
 diminish. 

If
 any of our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information is disclosed, the value
 of our trade secrets, know-how and other proprietary rights would be significantly impaired
 and our business and competitive position would suffer. 

Risk Factors Related to our Laboratory Services
Business 

Continued
 changes in healthcare reimbursement models and products, changes in government payment and
 reimbursement systems, or changes in payer mix could have a material adverse effect on our
 revenues, profitability and cash flow. 

The
 clinical testing business is highly competitive, and if we fail to provide an appropriately
 priced level of service or otherwise fail to compete effectively it could have a material
 adverse effect on our revenues and profitability. 

Failure
 to obtain and retain new customers, the loss of existing customers or material contracts,
 or a reduction in services or tests ordered or specimens submitted by existing customers,
 or the inability to retain existing and/or create new relationships with health systems could
 impact our ability to successfully grow our business. 

Discontinuation
 or recalls of existing testing products; failure to develop or acquire licenses for new or
 improved testing technologies; or our customers using new technologies to perform their own
 tests could adversely affect our business. 

Continued
 and increased consolidation of pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device companies,
 health systems, physicians and other customers could adversely affect our business. 

Risk Factors Related to Clinical and Commercialization
Activity 

We
 may not be able to file INDs to commence additional clinical trials on the timelines we expect,
 and even if we are able to do so, the FDA may not permit us to proceed. 

We
 have limited experience in conducting clinical trials. 

Delays
 in the commencement, enrollment, and completion of clinical testing could result in increased
 costs to us and delay or limit our ability to obtain regulatory approval for our product
 candidates. 

As
 the results of earlier pre-clinical studies or clinical trials are not necessarily predictive
 of future results, any product candidate we advance into clinical trials may not have favorable
 results in later clinical trials or receive regulatory approval. 

Even
 if our product candidates receive regulatory approval, we may still face future development
 and regulatory difficulties. 

Any
 cell based therapies we develop may become subject to unfavorable pricing regulations, third
 party coverage and reimbursement practices or healthcare reform initiatives, thereby harming
 our business. 

14 

Risks Related to Our Securities 

Our
 officers, directors and principal stockholders own a significant percentage of our capital
 stock and will be able to exert significant control over matters that are subject to stockholder
 approval. 

If
 we are unable to maintain listing of our securities on the Nasdaq Capital Market or another
 reputable stock exchange, it may be more difficult for our stockholders to sell their securities. 

The
 price of our common stock may be volatile and fluctuate substantially, which could result
 in substantial losses for our stockholders. 

You
 may experience dilution of your ownership interests because of the future issuance of additional
 shares of our common or preferred stock or other securities that are convertible into or
 exercisable for our common or preferred stock. 

General Operating and Business Risks 

Our limited operating history makes it difficult
for us to evaluate our future business prospects and make decisions based on those estimates of our future performance . 

We did not begin operations of our business through
AHS until May 2015. We have a limited operating history and limited revenue. As a consequence, it is difficult, if not impossible, to
forecast our future results based upon our historical data. Reliance on the historical results may not be representative of the results
we will achieve, particularly in our combined form. Because of the uncertainties related to our lack of historical operations, we may
be hindered in our ability to anticipate and timely adapt to increases or decreases in revenues or expenses. If we make poor budgetary
decisions as a result of unreliable historical data, we could be less profitable or incur losses, which may result in a decline in our
stock price. 

Our results of operations have not resulted
in profitability and we may not be able to achieve profitability going forward. 

We incurred net losses amounting to 11,930,847 and 9,090,499 for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 63.1
million. If we incur additional significant losses, our stock price may decline, perhaps significantly. Our management is developing plans
to achieve profitability. Our business plan is speculative and unproven. There is no assurance that we will be successful in executing
our business plan or that even if we successfully implement our business plan, that we will be able to curtail our losses now or in the
future. Further, as we are a new enterprise, we expect that net losses will continue. 

There is substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern, which will affect our ability to obtain future financing and may require us to curtail our operations. 

Our financial statements as of December 31, 2022
were prepared under the assumption that we will continue as a going concern. The independent registered public accounting firm that audited
our 2022 financial statements, in their report, included an explanatory paragraph referring to our recurring losses since inception and
expressing management s assessment and conclusion that there is substantial doubt in our ability to continue as a going concern.
Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our ability to continue
as a going concern depends on our ability to obtain additional equity or debt financing, attain further operating efficiencies, reduce
expenditures, and, ultimately, to generate revenue. We cannot assure you, however, that we will be able to achieve any of the foregoing.
See Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. 

15 

Our cash will only fund our operations for
a limited time and we will need to raise additional capital in order to support our development. 

We are currently operating at a loss and expect
our operating costs will increase significantly as we continue to grow our operations. The independent registered public accounting firm
that audited our 2022 financial statements, in their report, included an explanatory paragraph referring to our recurring losses since
inception and expressing management s assessment and conclusion that there is substantial doubt in our ability to continue as a
going concern. At December 31, 2022, we had cash of approximately 2.0 million. We will need to raise additional capital or generate
substantial revenue in order to support our development and commercialization efforts. 

If our available cash balances are insufficient
to satisfy our liquidity requirements, including due to risks described herein, we may seek to raise additional capital through equity
offerings, debt financings, collaborations or licensing arrangements. We will need to raise additional capital, and we may also consider
raising additional capital in the future to expand our business, to pursue strategic investments, to take advantage of financing opportunities,
or for other reasons, including to: 

fund
 development and expansion of our operations; 

acquire,
 license or invest in technologies and additional laboratories; 

acquire
 or invest in complementary businesses or assets; and 

finance
 capital expenditures and general and administrative expenses. 

Our present and future funding requirements will
depend on many factors, including: 

our
 revenue growth rate and ability to generate cash flows from operating activities; 

our
 sales and marketing and research and development activities; and 

changes
 in regulatory oversight applicable to our products and services. 

Other than our debt facility with our chairman,
we have no arrangements or credit facilities in place as a source of funds, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise
sufficient additional capital on acceptable terms, or at all, and if we are not successful in raising additional capital, we may not
be able to continue as a going concern. We may seek additional capital through a combination of private and public equity offerings,
debt financings and strategic collaborations. Debt financing, if obtained, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or
restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, that could increase our expenses and require that
our assets secure such debt. Equity financing, if obtained, could result in dilution to our then existing stockholders and/or require
such stockholders to waive certain rights and preferences. If such financing is not available on satisfactory terms, or is not available
at all, we may be required to delay, scale back or eliminate the development of business opportunities and our operations and financial
condition may be materially adversely affected. We can provide no assurances that any additional sources of financing will be available
to us on favorable terms, if at all. Future capital raises may dilute our existing stockholders ownership and/or have other adverse
effects on our operations. 

If we raise additional capital by issuing
equity securities, our existing stockholders percentage ownership will be reduced and these stockholders may experience substantial
dilution. 

If we raise additional funds by issuing debt
securities, these debt securities would have rights senior to those of our Common Stock and the terms of the debt securities issued could
impose significant restrictions on our operations, including liens on our assets. If we raise additional funds through collaborations
and licensing arrangements, we may be required to relinquish some rights to our technologies or products, or to grant licenses on terms
that are not favorable to us. 

We have significant outstanding debt obligations
and servicing these debt obligations will require a significant amount of capital, and our business may not be able to pay our substantial
debt. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 4.8 million
of outstanding indebtedness. In order to service this indebtedness and any additional indebtedness we may incur in the future, we will
need to generate cash from our operating activities. Our ability to generate cash is subject, in part, to our ability to successfully
execute our business strategy, as well as general economic, financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors beyond our control.
If we are unable to generate sufficient cash to repay our debt obligations when they become due and payable, either when they mature,
or in the event of a default, we may not be able to obtain additional debt or equity financing on favorable terms, if at all, which may
negatively impact our business operations and financial condition. 

16 

If we breach any of the undertakings or default
on any of our obligations under our agreements with our lenders, our outstanding indebtedness could become immediately due and payable,
which would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations and could require us to reduce or cease operations. If our
indebtedness were to be accelerated, there can be no assurance that our assets would be sufficient to repay in full that indebtedness. 

Our business is subject
to risks arising from epidemic diseases, such as the outbreak of the COVID-19 illness. 

The Coronavirus Disease 2019, or
COVID-19, pandemic which has been declared by the World Health Organization to be a public health emergency of international
concern, spread across the globe and impacted worldwide economic activity. Although several vaccines have been developed,
a public health epidemic, including COVID-19, poses the risk that we or our employees, contractors, suppliers, and other partners
may be prevented from conducting business activities for an indefinite period of time, including due to shutdowns that may be
requested or mandated by governmental authorities. While it is not possible at this time to estimate the full impact that future
pandemics, including COVID-19, could have on our business, the continued spread of COVID-19 and the measures taken by the
governments of countries affected could disrupt the supply chain and adversely impact our business, financial condition or results
of operations. Future pandemics, including COVID-19, and mitigation measures may also have an adverse impact on global economic conditions which
could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. The extent to which these pandemics impact our results
will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information that may emerge
concerning the severity of the virus and the actions to contain its impact. 

We depend upon key personnel and need additional
personnel. 

Our success depends
on the continuing services of Wenzhao Lu, our Chairman of the Board, and David Jin, Meng Li and Luisa Ingargiola, our executive officers.
The loss of Mr. Lu, Dr. Jin, Ms. Li or Ms. Ingargiola could have a material and adverse effect on our business operations. Additionally,
the success of our operations will largely depend upon our ability to successfully attract and maintain competent and qualified key management
personnel. As with any company with limited resources, there can be no guaranty that we will be able to attract such individuals or that
the presence of such individuals will necessarily translate into profitability for us. Our inability to attract and retain key personnel
may materially and adversely affect our business operations. The supply of qualified technical, professional, managerial and other personnel,
including lab medical directors and lab operations managers, is currently constrained; competition for qualified employees, even across
different industries, is intense, including as individuals leave the job market. We may lose, or fail to attract and retain, key management
personnel, or qualified skilled technical, professional or other employees. The same is true for patient-facing staff with specialized
training required to perform activities related to specimen collection. In the future, if competition for the services of these professionals
increases, we may not be able to continue to attract and retain individuals in its markets. Changes in key management, or the ability
to attract and retain qualified personnel, as a result of increased competition for talent, wage growth, or other market factors, could
lead to strategic and operational challenges and uncertainties, distractions of management from other key initiatives, and inefficiencies
and increased costs, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

The Laboratory Services MSO Acquisition will
result in organizational changes that could create significant growth for our business. If we fail to effectively manage this growth
and adapt our business structure in a manner that preserves our reputation, then our business, financial condition and results of operations
could be harmed. 

On February 9, 2023, we acquired 40 of all the
issued and outstanding equity interests of Laboratory Services MSO. The Laboratory Services MSO Acquisition has resulted in significant
growth in our operations. We have incurred and will continue to incur significant expenditures and the allocation of management time
to assimilate Laboratory Services MSO in a manner that preserves the key aspects of our business, but there can be no assurance that
we will be successful in our efforts. If we do not effectively integrate Laboratory Services MSO, the effectiveness of our business growth
could suffer, and our reputation could be harmed, each of which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

17 

The success of our business will depend, in part,
on our ability to realize our anticipated benefits and opportunities from the acquisition. We can provide no assurance that the anticipated
benefits of the Laboratory Services MSO Acquisition will be fully realized in the time frame anticipated or at all. The failure to meet
the challenges involved in integrating the two businesses could cause an interruption of business activities, an increase in operating
costs or lower anticipated financial performance. Our failure to achieve the anticipated and the potential benefits underlying our reasons
for the Laboratory Services MSO Acquisition could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

We must effectively manage the growth of our
operations, or our company will suffer. 

To manage our growth, we believe we must continue
to implement and improve our services and products. We may not have adequately evaluated the costs and risks associated with our planned
expansion, and our systems, procedures, and controls may not be adequate to support our operations. In addition, our management may not
be able to achieve the rapid execution necessary to successfully offer our products and services and implement our business plan on a
profitable basis. The success of our future operating activities will also depend upon our ability to expand our support system to meet
the demands of our growing business. Any failure by our management to effectively anticipate, implement, and manage changes required
to sustain our growth would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our revenue and results of operations may
suffer if we are unable to attract new clients, continue to engage existing clients, or sell additional products and services. 

We presently derive our revenue from providing
medical related consulting services to related parties and generating rental revenue from our income-producing real estate property in
New Jersey. Our growth therefore depends on our ability to attract new clients, maintain existing clients and properties and sell additional
products and services to existing clients. This depends on our ability to understand and anticipate market and pricing trends and our
clients needs and our ability to deliver consistent, reliable, high-quality services. Our failure to engage new clients, continue
to re-engage with our existing clients or cross-sell additional services could materially and adversely affect our operating results. 

Our prospects will suffer if we are not able
to hire, train, motivate, manage, and retain a significant number of highly skilled employees. 

We only recently commenced business and we presently
generate medical related consulting services from related parties and generate rental revenue from our income-producing real estate property
in New Jersey. On the consulting side, Wenzhao Lu, our Chairman and significant shareholder, is the Chairman of each of the clients in
which we have provided consulting services. Our future success depends upon our ability to hire, train, motivate, manage, and retain
a significant number of highly skilled employees, particularly research analysts, technical experts, and sales and marketing staff. We
will experience competition for professional personnel in each of our business lines. Hiring, training, motivating, managing, and retaining
employees with the skills we need is time consuming and expensive. Any failure by us to address our staffing needs in an effective manner
could hinder our ability to continue to provide high-quality products and services and to grow our business. 

Potential liability claims may adversely affect
our business. 

Our services, which may include recommendations
and advice to organizations regarding complex business and operational processes and regulatory and compliance issues may give rise to
liability claims by our clients or by third parties who bring claims against our clients. Healthcare organizations often are the subject
of regulatory scrutiny and litigation, and we also may become the subject of such litigation based on our advice and services. Any such
litigation, whether or not resulting in a judgment against us, may adversely affect our reputation and could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We may not have adequate insurance coverage for claims against us. 

18 

In accordance with our strategic development
policy, we may invest in companies for strategic reasons and may not realize a return on our investments. 

From time to time, we may make investments in
companies. These investments may be for strategic objectives to support our key business initiatives but may also be standalone investments
or acquisitions. Such investments or acquisitions could include equity or debt instruments in private companies, many of which may not
be marketable at the time of our initial investment. These companies may range from early-stage companies that are often still defining
their strategic direction to more mature companies with established revenue streams and business models. The success of these companies
may depend on product development, market acceptance, operational efficiency, and other key business factors. The companies in which
we invest may fail because they may not be able to secure additional funding, obtain favorable investment terms for future financings,
or take advantage of liquidity events such as public offerings, mergers, and private sales. If any of these private companies fails,
we could lose all or part of our investment in that company. If we determine that impairment indicators exist and that there are other-than-temporary
declines in the fair value of the investments, we may be required to write down the investments to their fair value and recognize the
related write-down as an investment loss. 

We face intense competition which could cause us to lose market
share. 

In the healthcare markets in which we operate,
we will compete with large healthcare providers who have more significant financial resources, established market positions, long-standing
relationships, and who have more significant name recognition, technical, marketing, sales, distribution, financial and other resources
than we do. The resources available to our competitors to develop new services and products and introduce them into the marketplace exceed
the resources currently available to us. This intense competitive environment may require us to make changes in our services, products,
pricing, licensing, distribution, or marketing to develop a market position. 

If we fail to comply with our obligations
in the agreements under which we license intellectual property rights from third parties or otherwise experience disruptions to our business
relationships with our licensors, we could lose intellectual property rights that are important to our business. 

We are party to a research agreement with the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology MIT for development of chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) technology. MIT has granted
us options to non-exclusively or exclusively license MIT inventions arising under this research agreement. We may need to negotiate commercially
reasonable terms and conditions with MIT to advance our research and development activities or allow the commercialization of CAR technology
or any other product candidates we may identify and pursue. 

Avalon GloboCare and Arbele Limited Arbele are parties to the joint venture Avactis Biosciences, Inc. Avactis for development of AVA-011, a mRNA-based dual anti-CD19-CD22
CAR-T cell therapy candidate. Arbele has granted Avactis an exclusive license to its rights in this technology. We and Arbele may need
to obtain additional licenses from others to advance our research and development activities or allow the commercialization of mRNA-based
CAR technology or any other product candidates we may identify and pursue. 

The Company formed a strategic partnership with
HydroPeptide, LLC, a leading epigenetics skin care company, to engage in co-development and commercialization of a series of clinical-grade,
exosome-based cosmeceutical and orthopedic products. As part of this agreement, the Company signed a three-way Material Transfer Agreement
between Avalon GloboCare, HydroPeptide and the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center. 

19 

The Company and the University of Pittsburgh
of the Commonwealth System of Higher Education (the University entered into a Corporate Research Agreement (the University
Agreement ). Pursuant to the University Agreement, for a term of two years the University agreed to use its reasonable efforts
to perform academic research funded by the Company in connection with the development of point-of-care modular autonomous processing
system to generate clinical-grade AVA-011, a RNA-based chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapy candidate (the Project subject to the appointment of Dr. Yen Michael S. Hsu as Principal Investigator. 

Our agreements with MIT, Hydropeptide, University
of Pittsburg and Arbele impose, and we expect that future agreements will impose, various development, diligence, commercialization,
or other obligations on AVAR and us. In spite of our efforts, these partners may conclude that we have materially breached its obligations
under such agreements and might therefore terminate the agreements, thereby removing or limiting our ability or our subsidiary AVAR s
ability to develop and commercialize products and technology covered by these license agreements. If these in-licenses are terminated,
or if the underlying patents fail to provide the intended exclusivity, competitors or other third parties would have the freedom to seek
regulatory approval of, and to market, products identical to ours and we may be required to cease our development and commercialization
of CAR or exosome technology or other product candidates that we may identify. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect
on our competitive position, business, financial conditions, results of operations, and prospects. 

Moreover, disputes may arise regarding intellectual
property subject to a licensing agreement, including: 

the
 scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 

the
 extent to which our product candidates, technology and processes infringe on intellectual
 property of the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement; 

the
 sublicensing of patent and other rights under our collaborative development relationships; 

our
 diligence obligations under the license agreement and what activities satisfy those diligence
 obligations; 

the
 inventorship and ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or
 use of intellectual property by our licensors and us and our partners; and 

the
 priority of invention of patented technology. 

In addition, the agreements under which we currently
license intellectual property or technology from third parties are complex, and certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible
to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to
be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology, or increase what we believe to be our financial or other
obligations under the relevant agreement, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations, and prospects. Moreover, if disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability
to maintain our current licensing arrangements on commercially acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize
the affected product candidates, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, results of operations,
and prospects. 

20 

We may face uncertainty and difficulty in
obtaining and enforcing our patents and other proprietary rights. 

There can be no assurance that any patent applications
we file or license will be approved, or that challenges will not be instituted against the validity or enforceability of any patent licensed-in
or owned by us. Our pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued that protect our product candidates,
in whole or in part, or which effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive product candidates. Even if our patent applications
issue as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors from competing
with us or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. Our competitors may be able to circumvent our patents by developing similar
or alternative product candidates in a non-infringing manner. The cost of litigation to uphold the validity and prevent infringement
of a patent is substantial. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent
technologies not covered by patents to which we have rights or obtain access to our know-how. In addition, the laws of certain countries
may not adequately protect our intellectual property. Our competitors may possess or obtain patents on products or processes that are
necessary or useful to the development, use, or manufacture of our product candidates. There can also be no assurance that our proposed
technology will not infringe upon patents or proprietary rights owned by others, with the result that others may bring infringement claims
against us and require us to license such proprietary rights, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all.
Any such litigation, if instituted, could have a material adverse effect, potentially including monetary penalties, diversion of management
resources, and injunction against continued manufacture, use, or sale of certain products or processes. 

We rely upon non-patented proprietary know-how.
There can be no assurance that we can adequately protect our rights in such non-patented proprietary know-how, or that others will not
independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information or techniques or gain access to our proprietary know-how. Any
of the foregoing events could have a material adverse effect on us. In addition, if any of our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary
information were to be disclosed, or misappropriated, the value of our trade secrets, know-how and other proprietary rights would be
significantly impaired and our business and competitive position would suffer. 

In September 2011, the Leahy-Smith America Invents
Act, or the Leahy-Smith Act, was signed into law. The Leahy-Smith Act includes a number of significant changes to U.S. patent law. These
include provisions that affect the way patent applications will be prosecuted and may also affect patent litigation. In particular, under
the Leahy-Smith Act, the United States transitioned in March 2013 to a first to file system in which the first inventor
to file a patent application will be entitled to the patent. Third parties are allowed to submit prior art before the issuance of a patent
by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, and may become involved in opposition, derivation, post-grant and inter partes
 review, or interference proceedings challenging our patent rights. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or
litigation could reduce the scope of, or invalidate, our patent rights, which could adversely affect our competitive position. 

The USPTO has developed new and untested regulations
and procedures to govern the full implementation of the Leahy-Smith Act, and many of the substantive changes to patent law associated
with the Leahy-Smith Act, and in particular, the first-to-file provisions, only became effective in March 2013. The Leahy-Smith
Act has also introduced procedures that may make it easier for third parties to challenge issued patents, as well as to intervene in
the prosecution of patent applications. Finally, the Leahy-Smith Act contains new statutory provisions that still require the USPTO to
issue new regulations for their implementation, and it may take the courts years to interpret the provisions of the new statute. Accordingly,
it is not clear what, if any, impact the Leahy-Smith Act will have on the operation of our business. The Leahy-Smith Act and its implementation
could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our
issued patents. 

We may not be able to protect our intellectual
property rights throughout the world. 

Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on
our product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in
some countries outside the United States may be less extensive than those in the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign
countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. Consequently,
we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling
or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies
in jurisdictions where we do not obtain patent protection to develop their own products and may also export infringing products to territories
where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our products
and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 

21 

Many companies have encountered significant problems
in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly
certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets, and other intellectual property protection, particularly
those relating to biotechnology products, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of
competing products in violation of our proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions,
whether or not successful, could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business,
could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could
provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies
awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the
world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. 

Patent terms may be inadequate to protect
our competitive position on our product candidates for an adequate amount of time. 

Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United
States, if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years from its earliest U.S. non-provisional
filing date. Various extensions may be available, but the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Even if patents
covering our product candidates are obtained, once the patent life has expired, we may be open to competition from competitive products,
including generics or biosimilars. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product
candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. As a result,
any patents we may obtain may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical
to ours. 

Obtaining and maintaining patent protection
depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent
agencies, and any patent protection we may obtain in the future could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 

Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity
fees and various other governmental fees on patents and/or applications will be due to be paid to the USPTO and various governmental
patent agencies outside of the United States in several stages over the lifetime of the patents and/or applications. The USPTO and various
non-U.S. governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions
during the patent application process. There are situations in which non-compliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent
or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, our competitors
might be able to enter the market and this circumstance would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

It is difficult and costly to protect our
proprietary rights, and we may not be able to ensure their protection. If we fail to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights
adequately or secure rights to patents of others, the value of our intellectual property rights would diminish. 

Our commercial viability will depend in part
on obtaining and maintaining patent protection and trade secret protection of our product candidates, and the methods used to manufacture
them, as well as successfully defending these patents against third-party challenges. Our ability to stop third parties from making,
using, selling, offering to sell, or importing our products is dependent upon the extent to which we obtain rights under valid and enforceable
patents or trade secrets that cover these activities. 

The patent positions of pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical
companies can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions for which important legal principles remain unresolved.
No consistent policy regarding the breadth of claims allowed in biopharmaceutical patents has emerged to date in the United States. The
biopharmaceutical patent situation outside the United States is even more uncertain. Changes in either the patent laws or in interpretations
of patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our intellectual property. Accordingly, we cannot predict
the breadth of claims that may be allowed or enforced in the patents we own. Further, if any of our patents are deemed invalid and unenforceable,
it could impact our ability to commercialize or license our technology. 

22 

The degree of future protection for our proprietary
rights is uncertain because legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain
or keep our competitive advantage. For example: 

others
 may be able to make products that are similar to our product candidates but that are not
 covered by the claims of any patents; 

we
 might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by any issued patents or patent
 applications; 

we
 might not have been the first to file patent applications for these inventions; 

it
 is possible that any patent applications we own or license will not result in issued patents; 

any
 issued patents may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be held invalid
 or unenforceable as a result of legal challenges by third parties; 

we
 may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable or protectable under
 trade secrets law; or 

the
 patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business. 

We also may rely on trade secrets to protect
our technology, especially where we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. However, trade secrets are difficult
to protect. Although we use reasonable efforts to protect our trade secrets, our employees, consultants, contractors, outside scientific
collaborators, and other advisors may unintentionally or willfully disclose our information to competitors. In addition, courts outside
the United States are sometimes less willing to protect trade secrets. Moreover, our competitors may independently develop equivalent
knowledge, methods, and know-how. 

We may be subject to claims challenging the
inventorship of patents and other intellectual property. 

We or our licensors may be subject to claims
that former employees, collaborators or other third parties have an interest as an inventor or co-inventor in intellectual property we
own or license. For example, we or our licensors may have inventorship disputes arise from conflicting obligations of employees, consultants
or others who are involved in developing our product candidates. We may be subject to claims by third parties asserting that our licensors,
employees or we have misappropriated their intellectual property, or claiming ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property.
Litigation may be necessary to defend against these and other claims challenging inventorship or our or our licensors ownership
of our owned or in-licensed patents, trade secrets or other intellectual property. If we or our licensors fail in defending any such
claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or
right to use, intellectual property that is important to our product candidates. Even if we are successful in defending against such
claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. Any of the foregoing could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

If any of our trade secrets, know-how or other
proprietary information is disclosed, the value of our trade secrets, know-how and other proprietary rights would be significantly impaired
and our business and competitive position would suffer. 

Our viability also depends upon the skills, knowledge
and experience of our scientific and technical personnel, and our consultants and advisors. To help protect our proprietary know-how
and our inventions for which patents may be unobtainable or difficult to obtain, we rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality
agreements. To this end, we require all of our employees, consultants, advisors and contractors to enter into agreements which prohibit
unauthorized disclosure and use of confidential information and, where applicable, require disclosure and assignment to us of the ideas,
developments, discoveries and inventions important to our business. These agreements are often limited in duration and may not provide
adequate protection for our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information in the event of any unauthorized use or disclosure
or the lawful development by others of such information. There is no assurance that such agreements will be honored by such parties or
enforced in whole or part by the courts. We cannot be certain that others will not gain access to these trade secrets or that our patents
will provide adequate protection. Others may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or
otherwise gain access to our trade secrets. In addition, enforcing a claim that a third party illegally obtained and is using any of
our trade secrets is expensive and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. If any of our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary
information is improperly disclosed, the value of our trade secrets, know-how and other proprietary rights would be significantly impaired
and our business and competitive position would suffer. 

23 

We may incur substantial costs as a result
of litigation or other proceedings relating to patent and other intellectual property rights and we may be unable to protect our rights
to, or use of, our technology. 

If we choose to go to court to stop a third party
from using the inventions claimed in our patents, that individual or company has the right to ask the court to rule that such patents
are invalid and/or should not be enforced against that third party. These lawsuits are expensive and would consume time and other resources,
even if we were successful in discontinuing the infringement of our patents. In addition, there is a risk that the court will decide
that these patents are not valid and that we do not have the right to stop the other party from using the inventions. There is also the
risk that, even if the validity of these patents is upheld, the court will refuse to stop the other party on the ground that such other
party s activities do not infringe our rights to these patents. In addition, the U.S. Supreme Court has in the past invalidated
tests used by the USPTO in granting patents over the past 20 years. As a consequence, issued patents may be found to contain invalid
claims according to the newly revised standards. Some of our own patents may be subject to challenge and subsequent invalidation in a
variety of post-grant proceedings, particularly inter partes review, before the USPTO or during litigation under the revised criteria,
which make it more difficult to defend the validity of claims in already issued patents. 

Furthermore, a third party may claim that we
or our manufacturing or commercialization partners are using inventions covered by the third party s patent rights and may go to
court to stop us from engaging in our normal operations and activities, including making or selling our product candidates. These lawsuits
are costly and could affect our results of operations and divert the attention of managerial and technical personnel. There is a risk
that a court could decide that we or our commercialization partners are infringing the third party s patents and order us or our
partners to stop the activities covered by the patents. In addition, there is a risk that a court could order us or our partners to pay
the other party damages for having violated the other party s patents. The biotechnology industry has produced a proliferation
of patents, and it is not always clear to industry participants, including us, which patents cover various types of products, manufacturing
processes or methods of use. The coverage of patents is subject to interpretation by the courts, and the interpretation is not always
uniform. If we are sued for patent infringement, we would need to demonstrate that our products, manufacturing processes or methods of
use either do not infringe the patent claims of the relevant patent and/or that the patent claims are invalid, and we may not be able
to do this. Proving invalidity, in particular, is difficult since it requires a showing of clear and convincing evidence to overcome
the presumption of validity enjoyed by issued patents. 

As some patent applications in the United States
may be maintained in secrecy until the patents are issued, because patent applications in the United States and many foreign jurisdictions
are typically not published until eighteen months after filing, and because publications in the scientific literature often lag behind
actual discoveries, we cannot be certain that others have not filed patent applications for technology covered by our issued patents
or our pending applications, or that we were the first to invent the technology. Our competitors may have filed, and may in the future
file, patent applications covering technology similar to ours. Any such patent applications may have priority over our patent applications
or patents, which could further require us to obtain rights to issued patents covering such technologies. If another party has filed
a United States patent application on inventions similar to ours, we may have to participate in an interference proceeding declared by
the USPTO to determine priority of invention in the United States. The costs of these proceedings could be substantial, and it is possible
that such efforts would be unsuccessful if, unbeknownst to us, the other party had independently arrived at the same or similar invention
prior to our own invention, resulting in a loss of our U.S. patent position with respect to such inventions. 

Some of our competitors may be able to sustain
the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. In addition, any
uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation or inter partes review proceedings could have a
material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our operations. 

24 

Some jurisdictions in which we operate have enacted
legislation which allows members of the public to access information under statutes similar to the U.S. Freedom of Information Act. Even
though we believe our information would be excluded from the scope of such statutes, there are no assurances that we can protect our
confidential information from being disclosed under the provisions of such laws. If any confidential or proprietary information is released
to the public, such disclosures may negatively impact our ability to protect our intellectual property rights. 

Breaches or compromises of our information
security systems or our information technology systems or infrastructure could result in exposure of private information, disruption
of our business and damage to our reputation, which could harm our business, results of operation and financial condition. 

We utilize information security and information
technology systems and websites that allow for the secure storage and transmission of proprietary or private information regarding our
clients, patients, employees, vendors and others, including individually identifiable health information. A security breach of our network,
hosted service providers, or vendor systems, may expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, litigation and potential
liability. Hackers and data thieves are increasingly sophisticated and operate large-scale and complex automated attacks, including on
companies within the healthcare industry. Although we believe that we take appropriate measures to safeguard sensitive information within
our possession, we may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate or prevent rapidly-evolving types of cyber-attacks
targeted at us, our clients, our patients, or others who have entrusted us with information. Actual or anticipated attacks may cause
us to incur costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, train employees, and engage third-party
experts and consultants. We invest in industry standard security technology to protect personal information. Advances in computer capabilities,
new technological discoveries, or other developments may result in the technology used by us to protect personal information or other
data being breached or compromised. To our knowledge, we have not experienced any material breach of our cybersecurity systems. If our
or our third-party service provider systems fail to operate effectively or are damaged, destroyed, or shut down, or there are problems
with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems, or there are security breaches in these systems, any of the aforementioned could
occur as a result of natural disasters, software or equipment failures, telecommunications failures, loss or theft of equipment, acts
of terrorism, circumvention of security systems, or other cyber-attacks, we could experience delays or decreases in revenue, and reduced
efficiency of our operations. Additionally, any of these events could lead to violations of privacy laws, loss of customers, or loss,
misappropriation or corruption of confidential information, trade secrets or data, which could expose us to potential litigation, regulatory
actions, sanctions or other statutory penalties, any or all of which could adversely affect our business, and cause us to incur significant
losses and remediation costs. 

We may be exposed to liabilities under the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and any determination that we violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or Chinese anti-corruption law
could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practice
Act, or FCPA, and other laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials and political
parties by U.S. persons and issuers as defined by the statute, for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We have operations
and agreements with third parties where corruption may occur. It is our policy to implement safeguards to prevent these practices by
our employees. However, our existing safeguards and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective, and the employees, consultants,
sales agents or distributors of our company may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible. 

Violations of the FCPA or other anti-corruption
laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, and we may be subject to other liabilities, which could negatively affect our
business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, the United States government may seek to hold our company liable for
successor liability FCPA violations committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquire. 

25 

Risk Factors Related to our Laboratory Services
MSO Business 

Continued changes
in healthcare reimbursement models and products (e.g., health insurance exchanges), changes in government payment and reimbursement systems,
or changes in payer mix, including an increase in third-party benefits management and value-based payment models, could have a material
adverse effect on our revenues, profitability and cash flow. 

Diagnostic testing services are billed to managed
care organizations (MCOs), Medicare, Medicaid, physicians and physician groups, hospitals, patients and employer groups. Most testing
services are billed to a party other than the physician or other authorized person who ordered the test. Increases in the percentage
of services billed to government and MCOs could have an adverse effect on our revenues. Although we currently do not provide any in
network laboratory services, our plan is to begin providing such services in the near future. 

These organizations have different contracting
philosophies, which are influenced by the design of their products. Some MCOs contract with a limited number of clinical laboratories
and engage in direct negotiation of rates. Other MCOs adopt broader networks with generally uniform fee structures for participating
clinical laboratories. In some cases, those fee structures are specific to independent clinical laboratories, while the fees paid to
hospital-based and physician-office laboratories may be different, and are typically higher. MCOs may also offer Managed Medicare or
Managed Medicaid plans. In addition, an increasing number of MCOs are implementing, directly or through third parties, various types
of laboratory benefit management programs that may include laboratory networks, utilization management tools (such as prior authorization
and/or prior notification), and claims edits, which may impact coverage or reimbursement for commercial laboratory tests. Some of these
programs address commercial laboratory testing broadly, while others are focused on certain types of testing such as molecular, genetic
and toxicology testing. An increase in the use of such programs could lead to increased denial of claims, extended appeals, and reduced
revenue. 

Our ability to attract and retain MCOs is critical
given the impact of healthcare reform, related products and expanded coverage (e.g. health insurance exchanges and Medicaid expansion)
and evolving value-based care and risk-based reimbursement delivery models (e.g., accountable care organizations (ACOs) and Independent
Physician Associations (IPAs)). 

A portion of the managed care fee-for-service
revenues is collectible from patients in the form of deductibles, coinsurance and copayments. As patient cost-sharing has been increasing,
our collections may be adversely impacted. 

In addition, Medicare and Medicaid and private
insurers have increased their efforts to control the cost, utilization and delivery of healthcare services, including commercial laboratory
services. Measures to regulate healthcare delivery in general, and clinical laboratories in particular, have resulted in reduced prices,
added costs and decreased test utilization for the commercial laboratory industry by increasing complexity and adding new regulatory
and administrative requirements. Pursuant to legislation passed in late 2003, the percentage of Medicare beneficiaries enrolled in Managed
Medicare plans has increased. The percentage of Medicaid beneficiaries enrolled in Managed Medicaid plans has also increased; however,
changes to, or repeal of, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA) may continue to affect coverage, reimbursement, and utilization
of laboratory services, as well as administrative requirements, in ways that are currently unpredictable. Further healthcare reform could
adversely affect laboratory reimbursement from Medicare, Medicaid or commercial carriers. 

We expect the efforts to impose reduced reimbursement,
more stringent payment policies, and utilization and cost controls by government and other payers to continue. If our laboratory services
business cannot offset additional reductions in the payments it receives for its services by reducing costs, increasing test volume,
and/or introducing new services and procedures, it could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, profitability and cash flows.
In 2014, Congress passed the Protecting Access to Medicare Act (PAMA), requiring Medicare to change the way payment rates are calculated
for tests paid under the Clinical Laboratory Fee Schedule (CLFS), and to base the payment on the weighted median of rates paid by private
payers. On June 23, 2016, CMS issued a final rule to implement PAMA that required applicable laboratories, including our laboratory services
business, to begin reporting their test-specific private payer payment amounts to CMS during the first quarter of 2017. CMS exercised
enforcement discretion to permit reporting for an additional 60 days, through May 30, 2017. CMS used that private market data to calculate
weighted median prices for each test (based on applicable current procedural technology (CPT) codes) to represent the new CLFS rates
beginning in 2018, subject to certain phase-in limits. For 2018-2020, a test price could not be reduced by more than 10 per year. As
a result of provisions included within the CARES Act, PAMA rate reductions for 2021 were suspended. As a result of the Protecting Medicare
and American Farmers from Sequester Cuts Act that became law in December 2021, the data reporting requirements and Medicare reimbursement
cuts that would have occurred under PAMA in 2022 were delayed by one additional year. As a result of the Consolidated Appropriations
Act, 2023, which became law in December 2022, the data reporting requirements and Medicare reimbursement cuts that would have occurred
under PAMA in 2023 were delayed by one additional year. 

26 

For 2024-2026, a test price cannot be reduced
by more than 15.0 per year. The process of data reporting and repricing will be repeated every three years for Clinical Diagnostic Laboratory
Tests (CDLTs) beginning in 2024. CFLS rates for 2027 and subsequent periods will not be subject to phase-in limits. The phase-in of rates
for CDLTs established in 2018 will resume in 2024. New CLFS rates will be established in 2025 based on data from 2019 to be reported
in 2024. New CLFS rates will be established in 2028 based on data from 2026 to be reported in 2027 CLFS rates for Advanced Diagnostic
Laboratory Tests (ADLTs) will be updated annually. 

CMS published its initial proposed CLFS rates
under PAMA for 2018-2020 on September 22, 2017. Following a public comment period, CMS made adjustments and published final CLFS rates
for 2018-2020 on November 17, 2017, with additional adjustments published on December 1, 2017. 2021, 2022 and 2023 PAMA rates were frozen
as described above. 

Healthcare reform legislation also contains numerous
regulations that will require us, as an employer, to implement significant process and record-keeping changes to be in compliance. These
changes increase the cost of providing healthcare coverage to employees and their families. Given the limited release of regulations
to guide compliance, as well as potential changes to the ACA, the exact impact to employers, including us, is uncertain. 

Government payers,
such as Medicare and Medicaid, have taken steps to reduce the utilization and reimbursement of healthcare services, including clinical
testing services. 

Although we currently do not provide any laboratory
services that are billed through Medicare or Medicaid, we plan to do so in the near future. At that time, we will face efforts by government
payers to reduce utilization of and reimbursement for diagnostic information services. One example of this is increased use of prior
authorization requirements. We expect efforts to reduce reimbursements, to impose more stringent cost controls and to reduce utilization
of clinical test services will continue. 

Pursuant to PAMA,
reimbursement rates for many clinical laboratory tests provided under Medicare were reduced from 2018 - 2020. PAMA calls for further
revision of the Medicare CLFS for years after 2020, based on future surveys of market rates; reimbursement rate reduction from 2024-26
is capped by PAMA at 15 annually. PAMA s next data collection and reporting period have been delayed, most recently by federal legislation
adopted in December 2022, which further delayed the reimbursement rate reductions and reporting requirements until January 1, 2024. 

In addition, CMS has adopted policies limiting
or excluding coverage for clinical tests that we perform. We also expect in the future to provide physician services that are reimbursed
by Medicare under a physician fee schedule, which is subject to adjustment on an annual basis. Medicaid reimbursement varies by state
and is subject to administrative and billing requirements and budget pressures. 

In addition, over the last several years, the
federal government has expanded its contracts with private health insurance plans for Medicare beneficiaries, called Medicare
Advantage programs, and has encouraged such beneficiaries to switch from the traditional programs to the private programs. There
has been growth of health insurance plans offering Medicare Advantage programs, and of beneficiary enrollment in these programs. States
have mandated that Medicaid beneficiaries enroll in private managed care arrangements. In addition, state budget pressures have encouraged
states to consider several courses of action that may impact our business, such as delaying payments, reducing reimbursement, restricting
coverage eligibility, denying claims and service coverage restrictions. Further, CMS has set goals for value-based reimbursement to be
achieved by 2030. 

Reimbursement for Medicare services also is subject
to annual reduction under the Budget Control Act of 2011, and the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010. 

From time to time, the
federal government has considered whether competitive bidding could be used to provide clinical testing services for Medicare beneficiaries
while maintaining quality and access to care. Congress periodically considers cost-saving initiatives. These initiatives have included
coinsurance for clinical testing services, co-payments for clinical testing and further laboratory physician fee schedule reductions. 

Other steps taken
to reduce utilization and reimbursement include requirements to obtain diagnosis codes to obtain payment, increased documentation requirements,
limiting the allowable number of tests or ordering frequency, expanded prior authorization programs and otherwise increasing payment
denials. 

Steps to reduce utilization
and reimbursement also discourage innovation and access to innovative solutions that we may offer. 

27 

Health plans and
other third parties have taken steps to reduce the utilization and reimbursement of health services, including clinical testing services. 

We face efforts by non-governmental
third-party payers, including health plans, to reduce utilization of and reimbursement for clinical testing services. Examples include
increased use of prior authorization requirements and increased denial of coverage for services. There is increased market activity regarding
alternative payment models, including bundled payment models. We expect continuing efforts by third-party payers, including in their
rules, practices and policies, to reduce reimbursements, to impose more stringent cost controls and to reduce utilization of clinical
testing services. ACOs and Independent Delivery Networks (IDNs), including hospitals and hospital health systems, also may undertake
efforts to reduce utilization of, or reimbursement for, diagnostic information services. 

The healthcare industry
has experienced a trend of consolidation among health insurance plans, resulting in fewer but larger insurance plans with significant
bargaining power to negotiate fee arrangements with clinical testing providers. The increased consolidation among health plans also has
increased pricing transparency, insurer bargaining power and the potential adverse impact of ceasing to be a contracted provider with
an insurer. Health plans, and independent physician associations, may demand that clinical testing providers accept discounted fee structures
or assume all or a portion of the financial risk associated with providing testing services to their members through capitated payment
arrangements. Some health plans also are reviewing test coding, evaluating coverage decisions and requiring preauthorization of certain
testing. There are also an increasing number of patients enrolling in consumer driven products and high deductible plans that involve
greater patient cost-sharing. 

Other steps taken to
reduce utilization and reimbursement include requirements to obtain diagnosis codes to obtain payment, increased documentation requirements,
limiting the allowable number of tests or ordering frequency, expanded prior authorization programs and otherwise increasing payment
denials. 

Steps to reduce utilization
and reimbursement also discourage innovation and access to innovative solutions that we may offer. 

The clinical testing
business is highly competitive, and if we fail to provide an appropriately priced level of service or otherwise fail to compete effectively
it could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and profitability. 

The laboratory testing
industry is fragmented and highly competitive. We primarily compete with three types of clinical testing providers: commercial clinical
laboratories IDN-affiliated laboratories and physician-office laboratories. Our largest commercial clinical laboratory competitors are
Quest Diagnostic Laboratories and Laboratory Corporation of America. In addition, we compete with many smaller regional and local commercial
clinical laboratories, specialized advanced laboratories and providers of consumer-initiated testing. There also has been a trend among
physician practices to establish their own histology laboratory capabilities and/or bring pathologists into their practices, thereby
reducing referrals from these practices and increasing the competitive position of these practices. 

The commercial laboratory
business is intensely competitive both in terms of price and service. Pricing of laboratory testing services is often one of the most
significant factors used by physicians, third-party payers and consumers in selecting a laboratory. As a result of significant consolidation
in the commercial laboratory industry, larger commercial laboratory providers are able to increase cost efficiencies afforded by large-scale
automated testing. This consolidation results in greater price competition. Our laboratory services business may be unable to increase
cost efficiencies sufficiently, if at all, and as a result, its net earnings and cash flows could be negatively impacted by such price
competition. We may face increased competition from health system laboratories, due to physicians within those systems directing their
testing to the health system laboratory and away from us, and as those laboratories seek to expand their testing volume from unaffiliated
physicians in their service areas. We may also face competition from companies that do not comply with existing laws or regulations or
otherwise disregard compliance standards in the industry. Additionally, we may also face changes in fee schedules, competitive bidding
for laboratory services, or other actions or pressures reducing payment schedules as a result of increased or additional competition.
These competitive pressures may affect the attractiveness or profitability of our laboratory services business, and could adversely affect
our financial results. 

28 

The diagnostic information
services industry also is faced with changing technology and new product introductions. Competitors may compete using advanced technology,
including technology that enables more convenient or cost-effective testing. Digital pathology, still in an emerging state, is an example
of this. Competitors also may compete on the basis of new service offerings. Competitors also may offer testing to be performed outside
of a commercial clinical laboratory, such as (1) point-of-care testing that can be performed by physicians in their offices; (2) advanced
testing that can be performed by IDNs in their own laboratories; and (3) home testing that can be carried out without requiring the services
of outside providers. 

Failure to obtain
and retain new customers, the loss of existing customers or material contracts, or a reduction in services or tests ordered or specimens
submitted by existing customers, or the inability to retain existing and/or create new relationships with health systems could impact
our ability to successfully grow our business. 

To
maintain and grow its business, we need to obtain and retain new customers and business partners. In addition, a reduction in tests ordered
or specimens submitted by existing customers, a decrease in demand for our services from existing customers, or the loss of existing
contracts, without offsetting growth in its customer base, could impact our ability to successfully grow its business and could have
a material adverse effect on our revenues and profitability. We compete primarily on the basis of the quality of services, reporting
and information systems, reputation in the medical community, the pricing of services and ability to employ qualified personnel.
Our failure to successfully compete on any of these factors could result in the loss of existing customers, an inability to gain new
customers and a reduction in our business. 

Discontinuation or
recalls of existing testing products; failure to develop or acquire licenses for new or improved testing technologies; or our customers
using new technologies to perform their own tests could adversely affect our business. 

From
time to time, manufacturers discontinue or recall reagents, test kits or instruments used by us to perform laboratory testing. Such discontinuations
or recalls could adversely affect our costs, testing volume and revenue. 

The
commercial laboratory industry is subject to changing technology and new product introductions. If we are unable to license new or improved
technologies to expand its esoteric testing operations, its testing methods may become outdated when compared with our competition, and
testing volume and revenue may be materially and adversely affected. 

In
addition, advances in technology may lead to the development of more cost-effective technologies such as point-of-care testing equipment
that can be operated by physicians or other healthcare providers (including physician assistants, nurse practitioners and certified nurse
midwives, generally referred to herein as physicians) in their offices or by patients themselves without requiring the services of freestanding
clinical laboratories. Development of such technology and its use by our customers could reduce the demand for its laboratory testing
services and the utilization of certain tests offered by us and negatively impact its revenues. 

Currently,
most commercial laboratory testing is categorized as high or moderate complexity, and thereby is subject to extensive and costly regulation
under Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act (CLIA). The cost of compliance with CLIA makes it impractical for most physicians to operate
clinical laboratories in their offices, and other laws limit the ability of physicians to have ownership in a laboratory and to refer
tests to such a laboratory. Manufacturers of laboratory equipment and test kits could seek to increase their sales by marketing point-of-care
laboratory equipment to physicians and by selling test kits approved for home or physician office use to both physicians and patients.
Diagnostic tests approved for home use are automatically deemed to be waived tests under CLIA and may be performed in physician
office laboratories as well as by patients in their homes with minimal regulatory oversight. Other tests meeting certain FDA criteria
also may be classified as waived for CLIA purposes. The FDA has regulatory responsibility over instruments, test kits,
reagents and other devices used by clinical laboratories, and it has taken responsibility from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention for classifying the complexity of tests for CLIA purposes. Increased approval of waived test kits could lead
to increased testing by physicians in their offices or by patients at home, which could affect our market for laboratory testing services
and negatively impact its revenues. 

29 

Changes or disruption
in services supplies, or transportation provided by third parties have impacted and could continue to impact or adversely affect our
business. 

We
depend on third parties to provide supplies and services critical to our laboratory testing business. We are heavily reliant on third-party
ground and air travel for transport of clinical trial and diagnostic testing supplies and specimens, research products, and people. A
significant disruption to these travel systems, or our access to them, could have a material adverse effect on our business. We are also
reliant on an extensive network of third-party suppliers and vendors of certain services and products, including for certain animal populations.
Disruptions to the continued supply, or increases in costs, of these services, products, or animal populations may arise from export/import
restrictions or embargoes, political or economic instability, pressure from animal rights activists, adverse weather, natural disasters,
public health crises, transportation disruptions, cyber-attacks, or other causes, as well as from termination of relationships with suppliers
or vendors for their failure to follow our performance standards and requirements. Disruption of supply and services has impacted and
could continue to impact or have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Continued and increased
consolidation of pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device companies, health systems, physicians and other customers could adversely
affect our business. 

Many
healthcare companies and providers, including pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device companies, health systems and physician
practices are consolidating through mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures and other types of transactions and collaborations. In addition
to these more traditional horizontal mergers that involve entities that previously competed against each other, the healthcare industry
is experiencing an increase in vertical mergers, which involve entities that previously did not offer competing goods or services. As
the healthcare industry consolidates, competition to provide goods and services may become more intense, and vertical mergers may give
those combined companies greater control over more aspects of healthcare, including increased bargaining power. This competition and
increased customer bargaining power may adversely affect the price and volume of our services. 

In
addition, as the broader healthcare industry trend of consolidation continues, including the acquisition of physician practices by health
systems, relationships with hospital-based health systems and integrated delivery networks are becoming more important. Our laboratory
services business inability to retain its existing relationships with physicians if they become part of healthcare systems and
networks and/or to create new relationships could impact its ability to successfully grow. 

Changes, including
changes in interpretation, in payer regulations, policies or approvals, or changes in laws, regulations or policies in the U.S. or globally,
may adversely affect us. 

U.S.
and state government payers, such as Medicare and Medicaid, as well as insurers, including MCOs, have increased their efforts to control
the cost, utilization and delivery of healthcare services. From time to time, Congress has considered and implemented changes in Medicare
fee schedules in conjunction with budgetary legislation. The first phase of reductions pursuant to PAMA came into effect on January 1,
2018, and will continue annually subject to certain delays in implementation and phase-in limits through 2026, and without limitations
for subsequent periods. Further reductions due to changes in policy regarding coverage of tests or other requirements for payment, such
as prior authorization, diagnosis code and other claims edits, may be implemented from time to time. Reimbursement for pathology services
performed by us is also subject to statutory and regulatory reduction. Reductions in the reimbursement rates and changes in payment policies
of other third-party payers may occur as well. Such changes in the past have resulted in reduced payments as well as added costs and
have decreased test utilization for the commercial laboratory industry by adding more complex new regulatory and administrative requirements.
Further changes in third-party payer regulations, policies, or laboratory benefit or utilization management programs may have a material
adverse effect on our business. Actions by federal and state agencies regulating insurance, including healthcare exchanges, or changes
in other laws, regulations, or policies may also have a material adverse effect upon our business. 

30 

Our business could
be harmed from the loss or suspension of a license or imposition of a fine or penalties under, or future changes in, or interpretations
of, the law or regulations of CLIA, Medicare, Medicaid or other national, state or local agencies in the U.S. and other countries where
we operate laboratories currently and in the future. 

The
commercial laboratory testing industry is subject to extensive U.S. regulation, and many of these statutes and regulations have not been
interpreted by the courts. CLIA extends federal oversight to virtually all clinical laboratories operating in the U.S. by requiring that
they be certified by the federal government or by a federally approved accreditation agency. The sanction for failure to comply with
CLIA requirements may be suspension, revocation or limitation of a laboratory s CLIA certificate, which is necessary to conduct
business, as well as significant fines and/or criminal penalties. In addition, we are subject to regulation under state law. State laws
may require that laboratories and/or laboratory personnel meet certain qualifications, specify certain quality controls or require maintenance
of certain records. In the future, we may also operate laboratories outside of the U.S. and become subject to laws governing its laboratory
operations in the other countries where it operates. 

Applicable
statutes and regulations could be interpreted or applied by a prosecutorial, regulatory or judicial authority in a manner that would
adversely affect our business. Potential sanctions for violation of these statutes and regulations include significant fines and the
suspension or loss of various licenses, certificates and authorizations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
In addition, compliance with future legislation could impose additional requirements on us, which may be costly. 

Failure of us or
our third-party service providers to comply with privacy and security laws and regulations could result in fines, penalties and damage
to our reputation with customers and have a material adverse effect upon our business. 

If
we and our third-party service providers do not comply with existing or new laws and regulations related to protecting the privacy and
security of personal or health information, we could be subject to monetary fines, civil penalties or criminal sanctions. 

In
the U.S., HIPAA privacy and security regulations, including the expanded requirements under HITECH, establish comprehensive standards
with respect to the use and disclosure of protected health information (PHI), by covered entities, in addition to setting standards to
protect the confidentiality, integrity and security of PHI. 

HIPAA
restricts our ability to use or disclose PHI, without patient authorization, for purposes other than payment, treatment or healthcare
operations (as defined by HIPAA), except for disclosures for various public policy purposes and other permitted purposes outlined in
the privacy regulations. HIPAA and HITECH provide for significant fines and other penalties for wrongful use or disclosure of PHI in
violation of the privacy and security regulations, including potential civil and criminal fines and penalties. The regulations establish
a complex regulatory framework on a variety of subjects, including: 

the
 circumstances under which the use and disclosure of PHI are permitted or required without
 a specific authorization by the patient, including, but not limited to, treatment purposes,
 activities to obtain payments for our services, and its healthcare operations activities; 

a
 patient s rights to access, amend and receive an accounting of certain disclosures
 of PHI; 

the
 content of notices of privacy practices for PHI; 

administrative,
 technical and physical safeguards required of entities that use or receive PHI; and 

the
 protection of computing systems maintaining electronic PHI. 

We
have implemented policies and procedures designed to comply with the HIPAA privacy and security requirements as applicable. The privacy
and security regulations establish a floor and do not supersede state laws that are more stringent. Therefore, we are required
to comply with both additional federal privacy and security regulations and varying state privacy and security laws. In addition, federal
and state laws that protect the privacy and security of patient information may be subject to enforcement and interpretations by various
governmental authorities and courts, resulting in complex compliance issues. For example, we could incur damages under state laws, including
pursuant to an action brought by a private party for the wrongful use or disclosure of health information or other personal information. 

31 

Failure to comply
with U.S., state or local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations could result in fines, penalties and loss of licensure,
and have a material adverse effect upon us. 

We
are subject to licensing and regulation under laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and human health and
safety, including laws and regulations relating to the handling, transportation and disposal of medical specimens, infectious and hazardous
waste and radioactive materials, as well as regulations relating to the safety and health of laboratory employees. Failure to comply
with these laws and regulations could subject us to denial of the right to conduct business, fines, criminal penalties and/or other enforcement
actions that would have a material adverse effect on its business. In addition, compliance with future legislation could impose additional
requirements on us that may be costly. 

The U.S. healthcare
system is evolving and medical laboratory testing market fundamentals are changing, and our business could be adversely impacted if we
fail to adapt. 

The U.S. healthcare
system continues to evolve. Significant change is taking place in the healthcare system. For example, value-based reimbursement is increasing;
CMS has set goals for value-based reimbursement to be achieved by 2030. Patients are encouraged to take increased interest in and responsibility
for, and often are bearing increased responsibility for payment for, their healthcare. Healthcare industry participants are evolving
and consolidating. Healthcare services increasingly are being provided by non-traditional providers e.g ., physician assistants),
in non-traditional venues e.g ., retail medical clinics, urgent care centers) and using new technologies e.g ., telemedicine,
digital pathology). Utilization of the healthcare system is being influenced by several factors and may result in a decline in the demand
for diagnostic information services. 

In addition, we believe
that clinical testing market fundamentals are changing. We believe that PAMA-driven reimbursement pressure remains a catalyst for structural
change in the market. We also believe that health plans and consumers increasingly are focusing on driving better value in laboratory
testing services. We expect that the evolution of the healthcare industry will continue, and that industry change is likely to be extensive. 

Failure to establish,
and perform to, appropriate quality standards, or to assure that the appropriate standard of quality is observed in the performance of
our diagnostic information services, could adversely affect the results of our operations and adversely impact our reputation. 

The provision of diagnostic
information services involves certain inherent risks. The services that we provide are intended to provide information in providing patient
care. Therefore, users of our services may have a greater sensitivity to errors than the users of services or products that are intended
for other purposes. 

Negligence in performing
our services can lead to injury or other adverse events. We may be sued under physician liability or other liability law for acts or
omissions by our pathologists, laboratory personnel and IDN employees who are under our supervision. We are subject to the attendant
risk of substantial damages awards in excess of our insurance coverage and risk to our reputation. 

We are subject to
numerous legal and regulatory requirements governing our activities, and we may face substantial fines and penalties, and our business
activities may be impacted, if we fail to comply. 

Our business is subject
to or impacted by extensive and frequently changing laws and regulations in the United States (including at both the federal and state
levels) and the other jurisdictions in which we engage in business. While we seek to conduct our business in compliance with all applicable
laws, many of the laws and regulations applicable to us are vague or indefinite and have not been extensively interpreted by the courts,
including many of those relating to: 

billing
 and reimbursement of clinical testing; 

certification
 or licensure of clinical laboratories; 

the
 anti-self-referral and anti-kickback laws and regulations; 

32 

the
 laws and regulations administered by the FDA; 

the
 corporate practice of medicine; 

operational,
 personnel and quality requirements intended to ensure that clinical testing services are
 accurate, reliable and timely; 

physician
 fee splitting; 

relationships
 with physicians and IDNs; 

marketing
 to consumers; 

privacy
 of patient data and other personal information; 

safety
 and health of laboratory employees; and 

handling,
 transportation and disposal of medical specimens, infectious and hazardous waste and radioactive
 materials. 

These laws and regulations
may be interpreted or applied by a prosecutorial, regulatory or judicial authority in a manner that could require us to make changes
in our operations, including our pricing and/or billing practices. We may not be able to maintain, renew or secure required permits,
licenses or any other regulatory approvals needed to operate our business or commercialize our services. If we fail to comply with applicable
laws and regulations, or if we fail to maintain, renew or obtain necessary permits, licenses and approvals, we could suffer civil and
criminal penalties, fines, exclusion from participation in governmental healthcare programs and the loss of various licenses, certificates
and authorizations necessary to operate our business, as well as incur additional liabilities from third-party claims. If any of the
foregoing were to occur, our reputation could be damaged and important business relationships with third parties could be adversely affected. 

We also are subject
from time to time to qui tam claims brought by former employees or other whistleblowers. The federal and state governments
continue aggressive enforcement efforts against perceived healthcare fraud. Legislative provisions relating to healthcare fraud and abuse
provide government enforcement personnel substantial funding, powers, penalties and remedies to pursue suspected cases of fraud and abuse.
In addition, the government has substantial leverage in negotiating settlements since the amount of potential damages far exceeds the
rates at which we are reimbursed for our services, and the government has the remedy of excluding a non-compliant provider from participation
in the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, these types of investigations and related litigation
can result in: 

diversion
 of management time and attention; 

expenditure
 of large amounts of cash on legal fees, costs and payment of damages; 

increases
 to our administrative, billing or other operating costs; 

limitations
 on our ability to continue some of our operations; 

enforcement
 actions, fines and penalties or the assertion of private litigation claims and damages; 

decreases
 to the amount of reimbursement related to diagnostic information services performed; 

adverse
 affects to important business relationships with third parties; 

decreased
 demand for our services; and/or 

injury
 to our reputation. 

Changes in applicable
laws and regulations may result in existing practices becoming more restricted, or subject our existing or proposed services to additional
costs, delay, modification or withdrawal. Such changes also could require us to modify our business objectives. 

33 

Failure to accurately
bill for our services, or to comply with applicable laws relating to government healthcare programs, could have a material adverse effect
on our business . 

Billing for diagnostic
information services is complex and subject to extensive and non-uniform rules and administrative requirements. Depending on the billing
arrangement and applicable law, we bill various payers, such as patients, insurance companies, Medicare, Medicaid, clinicians, IDNs and
employer groups. The majority of billing and related operations for our Company are being provided by a third party under our oversight.
Failure to accurately bill for our services could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, failure to comply with
applicable laws relating to billing government healthcare programs may result in various consequences, including: civil and criminal
fines and penalties, exclusion from participation in governmental healthcare programs and the loss of various licenses, certificates
and authorizations necessary to operate our business, as well as incur additional liabilities from third-party claims. Certain violations
of these laws may also provide the basis for a civil remedy under the federal False Claims Act, including fines and damages of up to
three times the amount claimed. The qui tam provisions of the federal False Claims Act and similar provisions in certain state false
claims acts allow private individuals to bring lawsuits against healthcare companies on behalf of government payers, private payers and/or
patients alleging inappropriate billing practices. 

Although we believe
that we are in compliance, in all material respects, with applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that a regulatory
agency or tribunal would not reach a different conclusion. The federal or state government may bring claims based on our current practices,
which we believe are lawful. The federal and state governments have substantial leverage in negotiating settlements since the amount
of potential damages and fines far exceeds the rates at which we are reimbursed, and the government has the remedy of excluding a non-compliant
provider from participation in the Medicare and Medicaid programs. We believe that federal and state governments continue aggressive
enforcement efforts against perceived healthcare fraud. Legislative provisions relating to healthcare fraud and abuse provide government
enforcement personnel with substantial funding, powers, penalties and remedies to pursue suspected cases of fraud and abuse. 

Inflationary pressures
could adversely impact us because of increases in the costs of materials, supplies and services, and increased labor and people-related
expenses. 

Inflationary pressures
have resulted in increases in the costs of the testing equipment, supplies and other goods and services that we purchase from manufacturers,
suppliers and others. Inflationary pressures, along with the competition for labor, have also resulted in a rise of our labor costs,
which include the costs of compensation, benefits, and recruiting and training new hires. Our ability to raise the prices and fees we
charge for the services we provide is limited. Continuation of the current inflationary environment may adversely impact us. 

Risk Factors Related to Clinical and Commercialization Activity 

We may not be able to file INDs to commence
additional clinical trials on the timelines we expect, and even if we are able to do so, the FDA may not permit us to proceed. 

Avalon has initiated its first-in-human clinical
trial of CD19 CAR-T candidate, AVA-001 in August 2019 at the Hebei Yanda Lu Daopei Hospital and Beijing Lu Daopei Hospital in China (the
world s single largest CAR-T treatment network with over 600 patients being treated with CAR-T) for the indication of relapsed/refractory
B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia and non-Hodgkin Lymphoma. We hope to file a number of investigational new drug applications, or INDs,
for cell based therapies and diagnostic systems through INDs over the next several years. However, the timing of our filing of these
INDs is primarily dependent on receiving further data from our pre-clinical studies, and our timing of filing on all product candidates
is subject to further research. Additionally, our submission of INDs is contingent upon having sufficient financial resources to prepare
and complete the application. 

We cannot be sure that submission of an IND will
result in the United States Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, allowing further clinical trials to begin, or that, once begun, issues
will not arise that result in the suspension or termination of such clinical trials. Any IND we submit could be denied by the FDA or
the FDA could place any future investigation of ours on clinical hold until we provide additional information, either before or after
clinical trials are initiated. Additionally, even if such regulatory authorities agree with the design and implementation of the clinical
trials set forth in an IND or clinical trial application, we cannot guarantee that such regulatory authorities will not change their
requirements in the future. Unfavorable future trial results or other factors, such as insufficient capital to continue development of
a product candidate or program, could also cause us to voluntarily withdraw an effective IND. 

34 

We have limited experience in conducting clinical
trials. 

We have limited human clinical trial experience
with respect to our product candidates. Although our CEO, Dr. David Jin, is formerly with the FDA, this will not provide assurance of
success. The clinical testing process is governed by stringent regulation and is highly complex, costly, time-consuming, and uncertain
as to outcome, and pharmaceutical products and products used in the regeneration of tissue may invite particularly close scrutiny and
requirements from the FDA and other regulatory bodies. Our failure or the failure of our collaborators to conduct human clinical trials
successfully or our failure to capitalize on the results of human clinical trials for our product candidates would have a material adverse
effect on us. If our clinical trials of our product candidates or future product candidates do not sufficiently enroll or produce results
necessary to support regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere, or if they show undesirable side effects, we will be unable
to commercialize these product candidates. 

To receive regulatory approval for the commercial
sale of our product candidates, we must conduct adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to demonstrate efficacy and safety in humans.
Clinical failure can occur at any stage of the testing. Our clinical trials may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we may
decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical and/or non-clinical testing. In addition, the results of our clinical
trials may show that our product candidates are ineffective or may cause undesirable side effects, which could interrupt, delay or halt
clinical trials, resulting in the denial of regulatory approval by the FDA and other regulatory authorities. In addition, negative, delayed
or inconclusive results may result in: 

the
 withdrawal of clinical trial participants; 

the
 termination of clinical trial sites or entire trial programs; 

costs
 of related litigation; 

substantial
 monetary awards to patients or other claimants; 

impairment
 of our business reputation; 

loss
 of revenues; and 

the
 inability to commercialize our product candidates. 

Delays in the commencement, enrollment, and
completion of clinical testing could result in increased costs to us and delay or limit our ability to obtain regulatory approval for
our product candidates. 

Delays in the commencement, enrollment or completion
of clinical testing could significantly affect our product development costs. A clinical trial may be suspended or terminated by us,
the FDA, or other regulatory authorities due to a number of factors. The commencement and completion of clinical trials require us to
identify and maintain a sufficient number of trial sites, many of which may already be engaged in other clinical trial programs for the
same indication as our product candidates. We may be required to withdraw from a clinical trial as a result of changing standards of
care, or we may become ineligible to participate in clinical studies. We do not know whether planned clinical trials will begin on time
or be completed on schedule, if at all. The commencement, enrollment and completion of clinical trials can be delayed for a number of
reasons, including, but not limited to, delays related to: 

findings
 in pre-clinical studies; 

reaching
 agreements on acceptable terms with prospective clinical research organizations, or CROs,
 and trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary
 significantly among different CROs and trial sites; 

obtaining
 regulatory approval to commence a clinical trial; 

complying
 with conditions imposed by a regulatory authority regarding the scope or term of a clinical
 trial, or being required to conduct additional trials before moving on to the next phase
 of trials; 

obtaining
 institutional review board, or IRB, approval to conduct a clinical trial at numerous prospective
 sites; 

recruiting
 and enrolling patients to participate in clinical trials for a variety of reasons, including
 the size of the patient population, nature of trial protocol, meeting the enrollment criteria
 for our studies, screening failures, the inability of the sites to conduct trial procedures
 properly, the availability of approved effective treatments for the relevant disease and
 competition from other clinical trial programs for similar indications; 

35 

retaining
 patients who have initiated their participation in a clinical trial but may be prone to withdraw
 due to the treatment protocol, lack of efficacy, personal issues, or side effects from the
 therapy, or who are lost to further follow-up; 

manufacturing
 sufficient quantities of a product candidate for use in clinical trials on a timely basis; 

complying
 with design protocols of any applicable special protocol assessment we receive from the FDA; 

severe
 or unexpected cell therapy side effects experienced by patients in a clinical trial; 

collecting,
 analyzing and reporting final data from the clinical trials; 

breaches
 in quality of manufacturing runs that compromise all or some of the doses made; positive
 results in FDA-required viral testing; karyotypic abnormalities in our cell product; or contamination
 in our manufacturing facilities, all of which events would necessitate disposal of all cells
 made from that source; 

availability
 of materials provided by third parties necessary to manufacture our product candidates; 

availability
 of adequate amounts of acceptable tissue for preparation of master cell banks for our products;
 and 

requirements
 to conduct additional trials and studies, and increased expenses associated with the services
 of our CROs and other third parties. 

If we are required to conduct additional clinical
trials or other testing of our product candidates beyond those that we currently contemplate, we or our development partners, if any,
may be delayed in obtaining, or may not be able to obtain or maintain, clinical or marketing approval for these product candidates. We
may not be able to obtain approval for indications that are as broad as intended, or we may be able to obtain approval only for indications
that are entirely different from those indications for which we sought approval. 

Changes in regulatory requirements and guidance
may occur, and we may need to amend clinical trial protocols to reflect these changes with appropriate regulatory authorities. Amendments
may require us to resubmit our clinical trial protocols to IRBs for re-examination, which may impact the costs, timing, or successful
completion of a clinical trial. If we experience delays in the completion of, or if we terminate, our clinical trials, the commercial
prospects for our product candidates will be harmed, and our ability to generate product revenues will be delayed. In addition, many
of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial
of regulatory approval of a product candidate. Even if we are able to ultimately commercialize our product candidates, other therapies
for the same or similar indications may have been introduced to the market and already established a competitive advantage. Any delays
in obtaining regulatory approvals may: 

delay
 commercialization of, and our ability to derive product revenues from, our product candidates; 

impose
 costly procedures on us; or 

diminish
 any competitive advantages that we may otherwise enjoy. 

36 

Our success depends upon the viability of
our product candidates and we cannot be certain any of them will receive regulatory approval to be commercialized. 

We will need FDA approval to market and sell
any of our product candidates in the United States and approvals from FDA-equivalent regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions
to commercialize our product candidates in those jurisdictions. In order to obtain FDA approval of any of our product candidates, we
must submit to the FDA a new drug application, or NDA, or a biologics license application, or BLA, demonstrating that the product candidate
is safe for humans and effective for its intended use. This demonstration requires significant research and animal tests, which are referred
to as pre-clinical studies, as well as human tests, which are referred to as clinical trials. Satisfaction of the FDA s regulatory
requirements typically takes many years, depends upon the type, complexity, and novelty of the product candidate, and requires substantial
resources for research, development, testing and manufacturing. We cannot predict whether our research and clinical approaches will result
in cell therapies that the FDA considers safe for humans and effective for indicated uses. The FDA has substantial discretion in the
drug approval process and may require us to conduct additional pre-clinical and clinical testing or to perform post-marketing studies.
The approval process may also be delayed by changes in government regulation, future legislation, administrative action or changes in
FDA policy that occur prior to or during our regulatory review. 

Even if we comply with all FDA requests, the
FDA may ultimately reject one or more of our NDAs or BLAs, as applicable. We cannot be sure that we will ever obtain regulatory clearance
for our product candidates. Failure to obtain FDA approval of any of our product candidates will reduce our number of potentially salable
products and, therefore, corresponding product revenues, and will have a material and adverse impact on our business. 

As the results of earlier pre-clinical studies
or clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results, any product candidate we advance into clinical trials may not have
favorable results in later clinical trials or receive regulatory approval. 

Even if our pre-clinical studies and clinical
trials are completed as planned, clinical trials, we cannot be certain that their results will support the claims of our product candidates.
Positive results in pre-clinical testing and early clinical trials do not ensure that results from later clinical trials will also be
positive, and we cannot be sure that the results of later clinical trials will replicate the results of prior clinical trials and pre-clinical
testing. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical industry, including those with greater resources and experience, have suffered significant
setbacks in Phase II or Phase III clinical trials, even after seeing promising results in earlier clinical trials. 

Our clinical trial process may fail to demonstrate
that our product candidates are safe for humans and effective for indicated uses. This failure would cause us to abandon a product candidate
and may delay development of other product candidates. Any delay in, or termination of, our clinical trials will delay or cause us to
refrain from the filing of our NDAs and/or BLAs with the FDA and, ultimately, our ability to commercialize our product candidates and
generate product revenues. In addition, our clinical trials to date involve small patient populations. Because of the small sample size,
the results of these clinical trials may not be indicative of future results. 

Our business faces significant government
regulation, and there is no guarantee that our product candidates will receive regulatory approval. 

Our research and development activities, pre-clinical
studies, anticipated human clinical trials, and anticipated manufacturing and marketing of our potential products are subject to extensive
regulation by the FDA and other regulatory authorities in the United States, as well as by regulatory authorities in other countries.
In the United States, our product candidates are subject to regulation as biological products or as combination biological products/medical
devices under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, the Public Health Service Act and other statutes, as outlined in the Code of Federal
Regulations. Different regulatory requirements may apply to our products depending on how they are categorized by the FDA under these
laws. These regulations can be subject to substantial and significant interpretation, addition, amendment or revision by the FDA and
by the legislative process. The FDA may determine that we will need to undertake clinical trials beyond those currently planned. Furthermore,
the FDA may determine that results of clinical trials do not support approval for the product. Similar determinations may be encountered
in foreign countries. The FDA will continue to monitor products in the market after approval, if any, and may determine to withdraw its
approval or otherwise seriously affect the marketing efforts for any such product. The same possibilities exist for trials to be conducted
outside of the United States that are subject to regulations established by local authorities and local law. Any such determinations
would delay or deny the introduction of our product candidates to the market and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. 

37 

Cell based therapeutics are subject to ongoing
periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA, the Drug Enforcement Agency, other federal agencies and corresponding state agencies to ensure
strict compliance with good manufacturing practices, and other government regulations and corresponding foreign standards. We do not
have control over third-party manufacturers compliance with these regulations and standards, nor can we guarantee that we will
maintain compliance with such regulations in regards to our own manufacturing processes. Other risks include: 

regulatory
 authorities may require the addition of labeling statements, specific warnings, a contraindication,
 or field alerts to physicians and pharmacies; 

regulatory
 authorities may withdraw their approval of the IND or the product or require us to take our
 approved products off the market; 

we
 may be required to change the way the product is manufactured or administered and we may
 be required to conduct additional clinical trials or change the labeling of our products; 

we
 may have limitations on how we promote our products; and 

we
 may be subject to litigation or product liability claims. 

Even if our product candidates receive regulatory
approval in the United States, we may never receive approval or commercialize our product candidates outside of the United States. In
order to market and commercialize any product candidate outside of the United States, we must establish and comply with numerous and
varying regulatory requirements of other countries regarding manufacturing, safety and efficacy. Approval procedures vary among countries
and can involve additional product testing and additional administrative review periods. The time required to obtain approval in other
countries might differ from that required to obtain FDA approval. The regulatory approval process in other countries may include all
of the risks detailed above regarding FDA approval in the United States as well as other risks. Regulatory approval in one country does
not ensure regulatory approval in another, but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one country may have a negative
effect on the regulatory approval process in others. Failure to obtain regulatory approval in other countries, or any delay or setback
in obtaining such approval, could have the same adverse effects detailed above regarding FDA approval in the United States. Such effects
include the risks that our product candidates may not be approved for all indications requested, which could limit the uses of our product
candidates and have an adverse effect on product sales and potential royalties, and that such approval may be subject to limitations
on the indicated uses for which the product may be marketed or require costly, post-marketing follow-up studies. 

Even if our product candidates receive regulatory
approval, we may still face future development and regulatory difficulties. 

Even if U.S. regulatory approval is obtained,
the FDA may still impose significant restrictions on a product s indicated uses or marketing, or impose ongoing requirements for
potentially costly post-approval studies. If any of our products were granted accelerated approval, FDA could require post-marketing
confirmatory trials to verify and describe the anticipated effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit. FDA
may withdraw approval of a drug or indication approved under the accelerated approval pathway if a trial required to verify the predicted
clinical benefit of the product fails to verify such benefit; other evidence demonstrates that the product is not shown to be safe or
effective under the conditions of use; the applicant fails to conduct any required post-approval trial of the drug with due diligence;
or the applicant disseminates false or misleading promotional materials relating to the product. In addition, the FDA currently requires
as a condition for accelerated approval the pre-approval of promotional materials, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial
launch of the product. 

Given the number of recent high-profile adverse
safety events with certain drug and cell related products, the FDA may require, as a condition of approval, costly risk management programs,
which may include safety surveillance, restricted distribution and use, patient education, enhanced labeling, special packaging or labeling,
expedited reporting of certain adverse events, pre-approval of promotional materials, and restrictions on direct-to-consumer advertising.
Furthermore, heightened Congressional scrutiny on the adequacy of the FDA s drug approval process and the FDA s efforts to
assure the safety of marketed cell based therapy has resulted in the proposal of new legislation addressing drug safety issues. If enacted,
any new legislation could result in delays or increased costs during the period of product development, clinical trials, and regulatory
review and approval, as well as increased costs to assure compliance with any new post-approval regulatory requirements. Any of these
restrictions or requirements could force us to conduct costly studies or increase the time for us to become profitable. For example,
any labeling approved for any of our product candidates may include a restriction on the term of its use, or it may not include one or
more of our intended indications. 

38 

Our product candidates will also be subject to
ongoing FDA requirements for the labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, record-keeping, and submission of safety and other
post-market information on the cell based therapy. New issues may arise during a product lifecycle that did not exist, or were unknown,
at the time of product approval, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where the
product is manufactured. Since approved products, manufacturers, and manufacturers facilities are subject to continuous review
and periodic inspections, these new issues post-approval may result in voluntary actions by us or may result in a regulatory agency imposing
restrictions on that product or us, including requiring withdrawal of the product from the market or for use in a clinical study. If
our product candidates fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, such as good manufacturing practices, a regulatory agency
may: 

issue
 warning letters; 

require
 us to enter into a consent decree, which can include imposition of various fines, reimbursements
 for inspection costs, required due dates for specific actions, and penalties for noncompliance; 

impose
 other civil or criminal penalties; 

suspend
 regulatory approval; 

suspend
 any ongoing clinical trials; 

refuse
 to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us; 

impose
 restrictions on operations, including costly new manufacturing requirements; or 

seize
 or detain products or require a product recall. 

If we or current or future collaborators,
manufacturers, or service providers fail to comply with healthcare laws and regulations, we or they could be subject to enforcement actions
and substantial penalties, which could affect our ability to develop, market and sell our products and may harm our reputation. 

Although we do not currently have any products
on the market, once our therapeutic candidates or clinical trials are covered by federal health care programs, we will be subject to
additional healthcare statutory and regulatory requirements and enforcement by the federal, state and foreign governments of the jurisdictions
in which we conduct our business. Healthcare providers, physicians and third party payors play a primary role in the recommendation and
prescription of any therapeutic candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. Our future arrangements with third party payors and
customers may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse, transparency, and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain
the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we market, sell and distribute our therapeutic candidates for
which we obtain marketing approval. Restrictions under applicable federal and state healthcare laws and regulations include, but are
not limited to, the following: 

the
 U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons from soliciting,
 receiving, offering or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce either the
 referral of an individual for a healthcare item or service, or the purchasing or ordering
 of an item or service, for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under a federal
 healthcare program such as Medicare or Medicaid; 

federal
 civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalty laws, such as the U.S. federal
 FCA, which imposes criminal and civil penalties, including through civil whistleblower or
 qui tam actions, against, individuals or entities for knowingly presenting or causing to
 be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent
 or making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the
 federal government. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items and
 services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false
 or fraudulent claim for purposes of the FCA; 

39 

HIPAA
 includes a fraud and abuse provision referred to as the HIPAA All-Payor Fraud Law, which
 imposes criminal and civil liability for executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit
 program, or knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact
 or making any materially false statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for
 healthcare benefits, items or services. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person
 or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate
 it in order to have committed a violation; 

HIPAA,
 as amended by HITECH, and its implementing regulations, which impose obligations on certain
 covered entity healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses as well
 as their business associates that perform certain services involving the use or disclosure
 of individually identifiable health information, including mandatory contractual terms, with
 respect to safeguarding, the privacy, security, and transmission of individually identifiable
 health information, and require notification to affected individuals and regulatory authorities
 of certain breaches of security of individually identifiable health information; 

federal
 and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace
 activities and activities that potentially harm consumers; 

the
 federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act and the implementing regulations, also referred to
 as Open Payments, issued under the ACA, which require that manufacturers of
 pharmaceutical and biological drugs reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid, and Children s
 Health Insurance Programs report to the Department of Health and Human Services all consulting
 fees, travel reimbursements, research grants, and other payments, transfers of value or gifts
 made to physicians and teaching hospitals with limited exceptions; and 

analogous
 state laws and regulations, such as, state anti-kickback and false claims laws potentially
 applicable to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services
 reimbursed by nongovernmental third party payors, including private insurers; and some state
 laws require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s
 voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal
 government in addition to requiring drug and cell based therapy manufacturers to report information
 related to payments to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures,
 and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances,
 many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA,
 thus complicating compliance efforts. 

The scope and enforcement of each of these laws
is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform, especially in light of the lack of applicable
precedent and regulations. Federal and state enforcement bodies have recently increased their scrutiny of interactions between healthcare
companies and healthcare providers, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the healthcare
industry. Responding to investigations can be time-and resource-consuming and can divert management s attention from the business.
Any such investigation or settlement could increase our costs or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business. 

Ensuring that our business arrangements with
third-parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations could involve substantial costs. If our operations are found to
be in violation of any such requirements, we may be subject to penalties, including civil or criminal penalties, monetary damages, the
curtailment or restructuring of our operations, or exclusion from participation in government contracting, healthcare reimbursement or
other government programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, any of which could adversely affect our financial results. Although effective
compliance programs can mitigate the risk of investigation and prosecution for violations of these laws, these risks cannot be entirely
eliminated. Any action against us for an alleged or suspected violation could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and could
divert our management s attention from the operation of our business, even if our defense is successful. In addition, achieving
and sustaining compliance with applicable laws and regulations may be costly to us in terms of money, time and resources. 

40 

Any cell based therapies we develop may become
subject to unfavorable pricing regulations, third party coverage and reimbursement practices or healthcare reform initiatives, thereby
harming our business. 

The regulations that govern marketing approvals,
pricing, coverage and reimbursement for new drugs and cell based therapies vary widely from country to country. Some countries require
approval of the sale price of a drug before it can be marketed. In many countries, the pricing review period begins after marketing or
product licensing approval is granted. In some foreign markets, prescription pharmaceutical pricing remains subject to continuing governmental
control even after initial approval is granted. Although we intend to monitor these regulations, our programs are currently in earlier
stages of development and we will not be able to assess the impact of price regulations for a number of years. As a result, we might
obtain regulatory approval for a product in a particular country, but then be subject to price regulations that delay our commercial
launch of the product and negatively impact the revenues we are able to generate from the sale of the product in that country. 

Our ability to commercialize any products successfully
also will depend in part on the extent to which coverage and reimbursement for these products and related treatments will be available
from government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. However, there may be significant
delays in obtaining coverage for newly-approved cell based therapies. Moreover, eligibility for coverage does not necessarily signify
that a cell based therapy will be reimbursed in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacture,
sale and distribution costs. Also, interim payments for new cell based therapy if applicable, may be insufficient to cover our costs
and may not be made permanent. Thus, even if we succeed in bringing one or more products to the market, these products may not be considered
medically necessary or cost-effective, and the amount reimbursed for any products may be insufficient to allow us to sell our products
on a competitive basis. Because our programs are in earlier stages of development, we are unable at this time to determine their cost
effectiveness, or the likely level or method of reimbursement. In addition, obtaining coverage and reimbursement approval of a product
from a government or other third-party payor is a time-consuming and costly process that could require us to provide to each payor supporting
scientific, clinical and cost-effectiveness data for the use of our product on a payor-by-payor basis, with no assurance that coverage
and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. A payor s decision to provide coverage for a product does not imply that an adequate
reimbursement rate will be approved. Further, one payor s determination to provide coverage for a product does not assure that
other payors will also provide coverage for the product. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain
price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. If reimbursement is not available
or is available only at limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any product candidate that we successfully develop. 

Increasingly, the third party payors who reimburse
patients or healthcare providers, such as government and private insurance plans, are seeking greater upfront discounts, additional rebates
and other concessions to reduce the prices for pharmaceutical products. If the price we are able to charge for any products we develop,
or the reimbursement provided for such products, is inadequate in light of our development and other costs, our return on investment
could be adversely affected. 

We currently expect that certain drugs we develop
may need to be administered under the supervision of a physician on an outpatient basis. Under currently applicable U.S. law, certain
drugs that are not usually self-administered (including injectable cell based therapies) may be eligible for coverage under Medicare
through Medicare Part B. Specifically, Medicare Part B coverage may be available for eligible beneficiaries when the following, among
other requirements have been satisfied: 

the
 product is reasonable and necessary for the diagnosis or treatment of the illness or injury
 for which the product is administered according to accepted standards of medical practice; 

the
 product is typically furnished incident to a physician s services; 

the
 indication for which the product will be used is included or approved for inclusion in certain
 Medicare-designated pharmaceutical compendia (when used for an off-label use); and 

the
 product has been approved by the FDA. 

41 

Average prices for cell therapies may be reduced
by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that
presently restrict imports of drugs and cell based therapy from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the U.S. Reimbursement
rates under Medicare Part B would depend in part on whether the newly approved product would be eligible for a unique billing code. Self-administered,
outpatient drugs and cell based therapies are typically reimbursed under Medicare Part D, and cell based therapies that are administered
in an inpatient hospital setting are typically reimbursed under Medicare Part A under a bundled payment. It is difficult for us to predict
how Medicare coverage and reimbursement policies will be applied to our products in the future and coverage and reimbursement under different
federal healthcare programs are not always consistent. Medicare reimbursement rates may also reflect budgetary constraints placed on
the Medicare program. 

Third party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage
policies and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement rates. These coverage policies and limitations may rely, in part,
on compendia listings for approved therapeutics. Our inability to promptly obtain relevant compendia listings, coverage, and adequate
reimbursement from both government-funded and private payors for new cell based therapies that we develop and for which we obtain regulatory
approval could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, our ability to raise capital needed to commercialize products
and our financial condition. 

We expect that these and other healthcare reform
measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and lower reimbursement, and in additional
downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved product. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government-funded
programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other
healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our cell based therapies,
once marketing approval is obtained. 

We believe that the efforts of governments and
third party payors to contain or reduce the cost of healthcare and legislative and regulatory proposals to broaden the availability of
healthcare will continue to affect the business and financial condition of pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical companies. A number of
legislative and regulatory changes in the healthcare system in the U.S. and other major healthcare markets have been proposed, and such
efforts have expanded substantially in recent years. These developments could, directly or indirectly, affect our ability to sell our
products, if approved, at a favorable price. For example, in the United States, in 2010, the U.S. Congress passed the ACA, a sweeping
law intended to broaden access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the growth of health spending, enhance remedies against fraud
and abuse, add new transparency requirements for the healthcare and health insurance industries, impose new taxes and fees on the health
industry and impose additional policy reforms. Among the provisions of the ACA addressing coverage and reimbursement of pharmaceutical
products, of importance to our potential therapeutic candidates are the following: 

increases
 to pharmaceutical manufacturer rebate liability under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program due
 to an increase in the minimum basic Medicaid rebate on most branded prescription drugs and
 the application of Medicaid rebate liability to drugs used in risk-based Medicaid managed
 care plans; 

the
 expansion of the 340B Drug Pricing Program to require discounts for covered outpatient
 drugs sold to certain children s hospitals, critical access hospitals, freestanding
 cancer hospitals, rural referral centers, and sole community hospitals; 

requirements
 imposed on pharmaceutical companies are required to offer discounts on brand-name cell based
 therapy to patients who fall within the Medicare Part D coverage gap, commonly referred to
 as the Donut Hole 

requirements
 imposed on pharmaceutical companies to pay an annual non-tax-deductible fee to the federal
 government based on each company s market share of prior year total sales of branded
 drugs to certain federal healthcare programs, such as Medicare, Medicaid, Department of Veterans
 Affairs and Department of Defense; and 

42 

for
 products classified as biologics, marketing approval for a follow-on biologic product may
 not become effective until 12 years after the date on which the reference innovator biologic
 product was first licensed by the FDA, with a possible six-month extension for pediatric
 products. After this exclusivity ends, it may be possible for biosimilar manufacturers to
 enter the market, which is likely to reduce the pricing for the innovator product and could
 affect our profitability if our products are classified as biologics. 

Separately, pursuant to the health reform legislation
and related initiatives, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, is working with various healthcare providers to develop,
refine, and implement Accountable Care Organizations, or ACOs, and other innovative models of care for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries,
including the Bundled Payments for Care Improvement Initiative, the Comprehensive Primary Care Initiative, the Duals Demonstration, and
other models. The continued development and expansion of ACOs and other innovative models of care will have an uncertain impact on any
future reimbursement we may receive for approved therapeutics administered by these organizations. 

The healthcare industry is heavily regulated
in the U.S. at the federal, state, and local levels, and our failure to comply with applicable requirements may subject us to penalties
and negatively affect our financial condition. 

As a healthcare company, our operations, clinical
trial activities and interactions with healthcare providers may be subject to extensive regulation in the U.S., particularly if we receive
FDA approval for any of its products in the future. For example, if we receive FDA approval for a product for which reimbursement is
available under a federal healthcare program (e.g., Medicare, Medicaid), it would be subject to a variety of federal laws and regulations,
including those that prohibit the filing of false or improper claims for payment by federal healthcare programs (e.g. the federal False
Claims Act), prohibit unlawful inducements for the referral of business reimbursable by federal healthcare programs (e.g. the federal
Anti-Kickback Statute), and require disclosure of certain payments or other transfers of value made to U.S.-licensed physicians and teaching
hospitals or Open Payments. We are not able to predict how third parties will interpret these laws and apply applicable governmental
guidance and may challenge our practices and activities under one or more of these laws. If our past or present operations are found
to be in violation of any of these laws, we could be subject to civil and criminal penalties, which could hurt our business, our operations
and financial condition. 

The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits,
among other things, any person or entity, from knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any remuneration, directly
or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the
purchase, lease or order of any item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. The term
remuneration has been interpreted broadly to include anything of value. The Anti-Kickback Statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements
between pharmaceutical manufacturers on one hand and prescribers, purchasers, and formulary managers on the other. There are a number
of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution. The exceptions and safe harbors
are drawn narrowly and practices that involve remuneration that may be alleged to be intended to induce prescribing, purchasing or recommending
may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. Failure to meet all of the requirements of a particular
applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does not make the conduct per se illegal under the Anti-Kickback Statute. Instead,
the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on a cumulative review of all of its facts and circumstances.
Our practices may not in all cases meet all of the criteria for protection under a statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor. 

Additionally, the intent standard under the Anti-Kickback
Statute was amended by the ACA, to a stricter standard such that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute
or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. In addition, the ACA codified case law that a claim including
items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti- Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes
of the federal FCA. 

The civil monetary penalties statute imposes
penalties against any person or entity that, among other things, is determined to have presented or caused to be presented a claim to
a federal healthcare program that the person knows or should know is for an item or service that was not provided as claimed or is false
or fraudulent. 

43 

Federal false claims and false statement laws,
including the federal FCA, prohibit, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented,
a false or fraudulent claim for payment to, or approval by, the federal healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, or knowingly
making, using, or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government.
A claim includes any request or demand for money or property presented to the U.S. government. For instance, historically,
pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies have been prosecuted under these laws for allegedly providing free product to customers
with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product. Other companies have been prosecuted for causing
false claims to be submitted because of the companies marketing of the product for unapproved, off-label, and thus generally non-reimbursable,
uses. 

HIPAA prohibits, among other offenses, knowingly
and willfully executing a scheme to defraud any health care benefit program, including private payors, or falsifying, concealing or covering
up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for
items or services under a health care benefit program. To the extent that we act as a business associate to a healthcare provider engaging
in electronic transactions, we may also be subject to the privacy and security provisions of HIPAA, as amended by HITECH, which restricts
the use and disclosure of patient-identifiable health information, mandates the adoption of standards relating to the privacy and security
of patient-identifiable health information, and requires the reporting of certain security breaches to healthcare provider customers
with respect to such information. Additionally, many states have enacted similar laws that may impose more stringent requirements on
entities like ours. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could result in substantial penalties and adversely affect
our financial condition and results of operations. 

Many states also have similar fraud and abuse
statutes or regulations that apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply
regardless of the payor. Additionally, to the extent that our product is sold in a foreign country, we may be subject to similar foreign
laws. 

Our products, once approved, may be eligible
for coverage under Medicare and Medicaid, among other government healthcare programs. Accordingly, we may be subject to a number of obligations
based on their participation in these programs, such as a requirement to calculate and report certain price reporting metrics to the
government, such as average sales price (ASP) and best price. Penalties may apply in some cases when such metrics are not submitted accurately
and timely. Further, these prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs
or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs and biological products from countries
where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. It is difficult to predict how Medicare coverage and reimbursement
policies will be applied to our products in the future and coverage and reimbursement under different federal healthcare programs are
not always consistent. Medicare reimbursement rates may also reflect budgetary constraints placed on the Medicare program. 

In order to distribute products commercially,
we must comply with state laws that require the registration of manufacturers and wholesale distributors of drug and biological products
in a state, including, in certain states, manufacturers and distributors who ship products into the state even if such manufacturers
or distributors have no place of business within the state. Some states also impose requirements on manufacturers and distributors to
establish the pedigree of product in the chain of distribution, including some states that require manufacturers and others to adopt
new technology capable of tracking and tracing product as it moves through the distribution chain. Several states have enacted legislation
requiring pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to establish marketing compliance programs, file periodic reports with the state,
make periodic public disclosures on sales, marketing, pricing, clinical trials and other activities, and/or register their sales representatives,
as well as to prohibit pharmacies and other healthcare entities from providing certain physician prescribing data to pharmaceutical and
biotechnology companies for use in sales and marketing, and to prohibit certain other sales and marketing practices. All of our activities
are potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. 

If our operations are found to be in violation
of any of the federal and state healthcare laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject
to penalties, including without limitation, civil, criminal and/or administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, exclusion
from participation in government programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, injunctions, private qui tam actions brought
by individual whistleblowers in the name of the government, or refusal to allow us to enter into government contracts, contractual damages,
reputational harm, administrative burdens, diminished profits and future earnings, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations,
any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 

44 

Our ability to obtain reimbursement or funding
from the federal government may be impacted by possible reductions in federal spending. 

U.S. federal government agencies currently face
potentially significant spending reductions. The Budget Control Act of 2011, or the BCA, established a Joint Select Committee on Deficit
Reduction, which was tasked with achieving a reduction in the federal debt level of at least 1.2 trillion. That committee did not draft
a proposal by the BCA s deadline. As a result, automatic cuts, referred to as sequestration, in various federal programs were scheduled
to take place, beginning in January 2013, although the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 delayed the BCA s automatic cuts until
March 1, 2013. While the Medicare program s eligibility and scope of benefits are generally exempt from these cuts, Medicare payments
to providers and Part D health plans are not exempt. The BCA did, however, provide that the Medicare cuts to providers and Part D health
plans would not exceed two percent. President Obama issued the sequestration order on March 1, 2013, and cuts went into effect on April
1, 2013. Additionally, the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 extended sequestration for Medicare through fiscal year 2027. 

The U.S. federal budget remains in flux, which
could, among other things, cut Medicare payments to providers. The Medicare program is frequently mentioned as a target for spending
cuts. The full impact on our business of any future cuts in Medicare or other programs is uncertain. In addition, we cannot predict any
impact President Trump s administration and the U.S. Congress may have on the federal budget. If federal spending is reduced, anticipated
budgetary shortfalls may also impact the ability of relevant agencies, such as the FDA or the National Institutes of Health, to continue
to function at current levels. Amounts allocated to federal grants and contracts may be reduced or eliminated. These reductions may also
impact the ability of relevant agencies to timely review and approve drug research and development, manufacturing, and marketing activities,
which may delay our ability to develop, market and sell any products we may develop. 

Risks Related to Our Securities 

Our officers, directors and principal stockholders
own a significant percentage of our stock and will be able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval. 

Our officers, directors and 5 stockholders and
their affiliates beneficially own a significant percentage of our outstanding common stock. As a result, these stockholders have significant
influence and may be able to determine all matters requiring stockholder approval. For example, these stockholders may be able to control
elections of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, or approval of any merger, sale of assets, or other major corporate
transactions. This concentration of ownership could delay or prevent any acquisition of our company on terms that other stockholders
may desire, and may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

If we are unable to maintain listing of our
securities on the Nasdaq Capital Market or another reputable stock exchange, it may be more difficult for our stockholders to sell their
securities. 

Nasdaq requires listing issuers to comply with
certain standards in order to remain listed on its exchange. If, for any reason, Nasdaq should delist our securities from trading on
its exchange and we are unable to obtain listing on another reputable national securities exchange, a reduction in some or all of the
following may occur, each of which could materially adversely affect our stockholders. A delisting of our common stock is likely to reduce
the liquidity of our common stock and may inhibit or preclude our ability to raise additional financing. 

On February 9, 2022, the Company received notice from
The Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq that the closing bid price for the Company s common stock had been below 1.00 per
share for the previous 30 consecutive business days, and that the Company was therefore not in compliance with the minimum bid price requirement
for continued inclusion on The Nasdaq Capital Market under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Rule ). Nasdaq s notice
had no immediate effect on the listing or trading of the Company s common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market. The notice indicated
that the Company will have 180 calendar days, until August 8, 2022, to regain compliance with the Rule. On August 9, 2022, we were provided
an additional compliance period of 180 calendar days, or until February 6, 2023, to regain compliance with the minimum closing bid requirement.
The Company could regain compliance with the 1.00 minimum bid listing requirement if the closing bid price of its common stock is at
least 1.00 per share for a minimum of ten (10) consecutive business days during the 180-day compliance period. If the Company did not
regain compliance during the initial compliance period, it may be eligible for additional time to regain compliance with the Rule. To
qualify, the Company was required to meet the continued listing requirement for market value of its publicly held shares and all other
Nasdaq initial listing standards, except the bid price requirement, and provide written notice to Nasdaq of its intention to cure the
deficiency during the second compliance period by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. If the Company was not eligible or it
appeared to Nasdaq that the Company was not be able to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period, Nasdaq then provides written
notice to the Company that the Company s common stock will be subject to delisting. In the event of such notification, the Company
may appeal Nasdaq s determination to delist its securities, but there can be no assurance that Nasdaq would grant the Company s
request for continued listing. We effected a one-for-ten reverse stock split on January 5, 2023. On January 20, 2023, we received a letter
from the staff of Nasdaq indicating that we have regained compliance with the Rule and as of the date of this filing, this matter is now
closed. 

45 

The price of our common stock may be volatile and fluctuate substantially,
which could result in substantial losses for our stockholders. 

Our common stock has
been listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol ALBT since November 10, 2022. Our common stock was listed on the
Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol AVCO since November 5, 2018 through the close of business on November 9, 2022. Our
common shares were traded previously on the OTC Market Group Inc. s Venture Market (the OTCQB since February 22,
2016, under the symbol AVCO since October 18, 2016 and GTHC prior to October 18, 2016. 

The price of our common stock has been, and we
expect it to continue to be, volatile. The stock market in general and the market for smaller healthcare companies in particular have
experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. As a result of this
volatility, you may not be able to sell your shares of common stock at or above the price you paid for your shares of common stock. The
market price for our common stock may be influenced by many factors, including: 

the success of competitive products or technologies; 

developments related to our existing or any future
collaborations; 

regulatory or legal developments in the United
States and other countries; 

developments or disputes concerning patent applications,
issued patents or other proprietary rights; 

the recruitment or departure of key personnel; 

actual or anticipated changes in estimates as
to financial results or recommendations by securities analysts; 

variations in our financial results or those
of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 

changes in the structure of healthcare payment
systems; 

market conditions in the healthcare, pharmaceutical
and biotechnology sectors; 

general economic, industry and market conditions;
and 

the other factors described in this Risk
Factors section. 

Future sales of our common stock or securities
convertible or exchangeable for our common stock may cause our stock price to decline. 

If our existing stockholders sell, or indicate
an intention to sell, substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, the price of our common stock could decline. The perception
in the market that these sales may occur could also cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

46 

In addition, as of December 31, 2022, 924,464
shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding stock options and warrants and 900,000 shares of common stock issuable upon
conversion of outstanding Series A convertible preferred stock, which will become eligible for sale in the public market to the extent
permitted by the provisions of various vesting schedules, the lock-up agreements and Rule 144 under the Securities Act. If the shares
we may issue from time to time upon exercise of outstanding options and warrants and conversion of outstanding Series A convertible preferred
stock are sold, or if it is perceived that they will be sold, by the award recipients in the public market, the price of our common stock
could decline. 

You may experience dilution of your ownership
interests because of the future issuance of additional shares of our common or preferred stock or other securities that are convertible
into or exercisable for our common or preferred stock. 

As of the date of this filing, we have issued
an aggregate of (i) 9,000 shares of our newly designated Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and (ii) 11,000 shares of our newly designated
Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. In the future, we may issue our authorized but previously unissued equity securities, resulting
in the dilution of the ownership interests of our stockholders. We are authorized to issue an aggregate of 490,000,000 shares of common
stock and 10,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock. We may issue additional shares of our common stock or other
securities that are convertible into or exercisable for our common stock in connection with hiring or retaining employees, future acquisitions,
future sales of our securities for capital raising purposes, or for other business purposes. The future issuance of any such additional
shares of our common stock may create downward pressure on the trading price of the common stock. We expect we will need to raise additional
capital in the near future to meet our working capital needs, and there can be no assurance that we will not be required to issue additional
shares, warrants or other convertible securities in the future in conjunction with these capital raising efforts, including at a price
(or exercise prices) below the price you paid for your stock. 

The ability of our Board of Directors to issue
additional stock may prevent or make more difficult certain transactions, including a sale or merger. 

Our Board of Directors is authorized to issue
up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock with powers, rights and preferences designated by it. Shares of voting or convertible preferred
stock could be issued, or rights to purchase such shares could be issued, to create voting impediments or to frustrate persons seeking
to effect a takeover or otherwise gain control of us. The rights of holders of our common stock are subject to the rights of the holders
of our preferred stock, including our newly designated Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and Series B Convertible Preferred Stock,
and any preferred stock that may be issued. The ability of the Board of Directors to issue such additional shares of preferred stock,
with rights and preferences it deems advisable, could discourage an attempt by a party to acquire control of us by tender offer or other
means. Such issuances could therefore deprive stockholders of benefits that could result from such an attempt, such as the realization
of a premium over the market price for their shares in a tender offer or the temporary increase in market price that such an attempt could
cause. Moreover, the issuance of such additional shares of preferred stock to persons friendly to the Board of Directors could make it
more difficult to remove incumbent managers and directors from office even if such change were to be favorable to stockholders generally. 

We are incorporated in Delaware. Certain anti-takeover
provisions of Delaware law and our charter documents as currently in effect may make a change in control of us more difficult, even if
a change in control would be beneficial to the stockholders. Delaware law also prohibits corporations from engaging in a business combination
with any holders of 15 or more of their capital stock until the holder has held the stock for three years unless, among other possibilities,
our Board of Directors approves the transaction. Our Board of Directors may use these provisions to prevent changes in the management
and control of us. Also, under applicable Delaware law, our Board of Directors may adopt additional anti-takeover measures in the future. 

47 

If securities or industry analysts do not publish
research or reports about our business, or if they issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding our stock, our stock price and trading
volume could decline. 

The trading market for our common stock will be
influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. We do not currently have
and may never obtain research coverage by securities and industry analysts. If no or few securities or industry analysts commence coverage
of us, the trading price for our stock would be negatively impacted. In the event we obtain securities or industry analyst coverage, if
any of the analysts who cover us issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding us, our business model, our intellectual property or
our stock performance, or if our operating results fail to meet the expectations of analysts, our stock price would likely decline. If
one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial
markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 

We do not anticipate paying dividends on our
common stock, and investors may lose the entire amount of their investment. 

We have never declared or paid cash dividends
on our common stock, and we do not anticipate such a declaration or payment for the foreseeable future. 

We expect to use future earnings, if any, to fund
business growth. Therefore, stockholders will not receive any funds absent a sale of their shares of common stock. We cannot assure stockholders
of a positive return on their investment when they sell their shares, nor can we assure that stockholders will not lose the entire amount
of their investment. 

Applicable regulatory requirements, including
those contained in and issued under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, may make it difficult for us to retain or attract qualified officers
and directors, which could adversely affect the management of our business and our ability to obtain or retain listing of our common stock
on a national securities exchange. 

We may be unable to attract and retain those qualified
officers, directors and members of board committees required to provide for effective management because of the rules and regulations
that govern publicly held companies, including, but not limited to, certifications by principal executive officers. The enactment of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act has resulted in the issuance of a series of related rules and regulations and the strengthening of existing rules and
regulations by the SEC, as well as the adoption of new and more stringent rules by national securities exchanges. The perceived increased
personal risk associated with these changes may deter qualified individuals from accepting roles as directors and executive officers. 

48 

Further, some of these changes heighten the requirements
for board or committee membership, particularly with respect to an individual s independence from the corporation and level of experience
in finance and accounting matters. We may have difficulty attracting and retaining directors with the requisite qualifications. If we
are unable to attract and retain qualified officers and directors, the management of our business and our ability to obtain or retain
listing of our shares of common stock on any national securities exchange could be adversely affected. 

If we cannot satisfy, or continue to satisfy,
the initial listing requirements and other rules of the Nasdaq Capital Market, our securities may be delisted, which could negatively
impact the price of our securities and your ability to sell them. 

Our common stock has been listed on the Nasdaq
Capital Market under the symbol ALBT since November 10, 2022 and under the symbol AVCO since November 5, 2018
through the close of business on November 9, 2022. In order to maintain our listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market, we are required to comply
with certain rules of the applicable trading market, including those regarding minimum stockholders equity, minimum share price
and certain corporate governance requirements. We may not be able to continue to satisfy the listing requirements and other applicable
rules of the Nasdaq Capital Market. If we are unable to satisfy the criteria for maintaining our listing, our securities could be subject
to delisting. 

If our common stock is delisted from trading by
the applicable trading market we could face significant consequences, including. 

a limited availability for market quotations
for our securities; 

reduced liquidity with respect to our securities; 

a determination that our common stock is a penny
stock, which will require brokers trading in our common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced
level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our common stock; 

limited amount of news and analyst coverage;
and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities
or obtain additional financing in the future. 

We could be subject to securities class action
litigation. 

In the past, securities class action litigation
has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its securities. This risk is especially relevant for
us because companies in our industry have experienced significant stock price volatility in recent years. If we face such litigation,
it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which could harm our business. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

49 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our principal offices are located at 4400 Route
9 South, Freehold, NJ 07728. The office building is owned by our subsidiary, Avalon RT 9 Properties, LLC, which is in business of owning
and operating an income-producing real property. Our property is well maintained, adequately meets our needs, and is being utilized for
its intended purpose. 

We lease additional office space for operations.
Office location is not crucial to our operations, and we anticipate no difficulty in extending these leases or obtaining comparable office
space. 

We are obligated under various lease agreements
providing for office space that expire at various dates through the year 2025. Total rent expense under these lease agreements was approximately
 141,000 and 143,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

We believe that our current office space is adequate
for our current and immediately foreseeable operating needs. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we are subject to ordinary
routine litigation incidental to our normal business operations. We are not currently a party to, and our property is not subject to,
any material legal proceedings, except as set forth below. 

On October
25, 2017, our subsidiary, Genexosome Technologies
Inc. Genexosome ), entered into and closed a Stock Purchase Agreement with Beijing Jieteng (Genexosome)
Biotech Co., Ltd., a corporation incorporated in the People s Republic of China on August 7, 2015 Beijing Genexosome which was dissolved in June 2022, and Yu Zhou, MD, PhD, the sole shareholder
of Beijing Genexosome, pursuant to which Genexosome acquired all of the issued and outstanding securities of Beijing Genexosome in consideration
of a cash payment in the amount of 450,000, of which 100,000 is still owed. Further, on October 25, 2017, Genexosome entered into and
closed an Asset Purchase Agreement with Dr. Zhou, pursuant to which the Company acquired all assets, including all intellectual property
and exosome separation systems, held by Dr. Zhou pertaining to the business of researching, developing and commercializing exosome technologies.
In consideration of the assets, Genexosome paid Dr. Zhou 876,087 in cash, transferred 500,000 shares of common stock of the Company to
Dr. Zhou and issued Dr. Zhou 400 shares of common stock of Genexosome. Further, The Company had not been able to realize the financial
projections provided by Dr. Zhou at the time of the acquisition and has decided to impair the intangible asset associated with this acquisition
to zero. Dr. Zhou was terminated as Co-CEO of Genexosome on August 14, 2019. Further, on October 28, 2019, Research Institute at Nationwide
Children s Hospital Research Institute filed a Complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District
of Ohio Eastern Division against Dr. Zhou, Li Chen, the Company and Genexosome with various claims against the Company and Genexosome
including misappropriation of trade secrets in violation of the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 and violation of Ohio Uniform Trade Secrets
Act. Research Institute is seeking monetary damages, injunctive relief, exemplary damages, injunctive relief and other equitable relief.
The Company intends to vigorously defend against this action and pursue all available legal remedies. The criminal proceedings against
Dr. Zhou and Li Chen have been concluded. The Company, Genexosome and the Research Institute entered into a settlement agreement dated
June 7, 2022 (the Settlement Agreement ), whereby the Company agreed to pay the Research Institute 450,000 on each of the
sixty-day, one year and two-year anniversaries of the Settlement Date. In addition, the Company agreed to pay the Research Institute 30 
of the Company s initial pre-tax profit of 3,333,333, 20 of the Company s second pre-tax profit of 3,333,333 and 10 of
the Company s third pre-tax profit of 3,333,333. The parties provided a mutual release as well. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None. 

50 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock has been listed on the Nasdaq
Capital Market under the symbol ALBT since November 10, 2022. Our common stock was listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under
the symbol AVCO from November 5, 2018 through the close of business on November 9, 2022. Our common shares were traded previously
on the OTC Market Group Inc. s Venture Market (the OTCQB since February 22, 2016, under the symbol AVCO 
since October 18, 2016 and GTHC prior to October 18, 2016. 

Holders of Record 

As of March 30, 2023, there were approximately
222 registered holders of record of our shares of common stock, based upon information received from our stock transfer agent. However,
this number does not include beneficial owners whose shares were held of record by nominees or broker dealers. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements and related notes to those consolidated financial statements that are included elsewhere in this report. Certain
information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements 

All statements other than statements of historical
fact included in this Form 10-K including, without limitation, statements under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations regarding our financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management
for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this Form 10-K, words such as anticipate, believe, 
 estimate, expect, intend and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify
forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and
information currently available to, our management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking
statements as a result of a number of factors, including those set forth under the risk factors and business sections in this Form 10-K. 

Impact of COVID-19 on Our Operations, Financial
Condition, Liquidity and Results of Operations 

Although the COVID-19 vaccines have generally
been introduced to the public, the ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations is unknown and will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration of the COVID-19 outbreak, new information which
may emerge concerning the severity of the COVID-19 pandemic, a significant increase in new and variant strains of COVID-19 cases, availability
and effectiveness of COVID-19 vaccines and therapeutics, the level of acceptance of the vaccine by the general population and any additional
preventative and protective actions that governments, or us, may determine are needed. 

51 

The occurrence of COVID-19 pandemic had negative
impact on our operations. Some of the universities and laboratories with which we collaborate were temporarily closed. Our general development
operations have continued during the COVID-19 pandemic and we have not had significant disruption. However, we are uncertain if the COVID-19
pandemic will impact future operations at our laboratory, or our ability to collaborate with other laboratories and universities. In addition,
we are unsure if the COVID-19 pandemic will impact future clinical trials. Given the dynamic nature of these circumstances, the duration
of business disruption and reduced traffic, the related financial effect cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. 

We have limited cash available to fund planned
operations and although we have other sources of capital described below under Liquidity and Capital Resources, management
continues to pursue various financing alternatives to fund our operations so we can continue as a going concern. However, the COVID-19
pandemic has created significant economic uncertainty and volatility in the credit and capital markets. Management plans to secure the
necessary financing through the issue of new equity and/or the entering into of strategic partnership arrangements but the ultimate impact
of the COVID-19 pandemic on our ability to raise additional capital is unknown and will depend on future developments, which are highly
uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration of the COVID-19 outbreak and new information which may emerge
concerning the severity of the COVID-19 pandemic. We may not be able to raise sufficient additional capital and may tailor our operations
based on the amount of funding we are able to raise in the future. Nevertheless, there is no assurance that these initiatives will be
successful. Further, there is no assurance that capital available to us in any future financing will be on acceptable terms. 

Overview 

The Company is a clinical-stage biotechnology
company dedicated to developing and delivering innovative, transformative cellular therapeutics, precision diagnostics, and clinical laboratory
services. The Company also provides strategic advisory and outsourcing services to facilitate and enhance its clients growth and
development, as well as competitiveness in healthcare and CellTech industry markets. Through its subsidiary structure with unique integration
of verticals from innovative research and development to automated bioproduction and accelerated clinical development, the Company is
establishing a leading role in the fields of cellular immunotherapy (including CAR-T/NK), exosome technology (ACTEX ), and regenerative
therapeutics. 

Avalon achieves and fosters seamless integration
of unique verticals to bridge and accelerate innovative research, bio-process development, clinical programs and product commercialization.
Avalon s upstream innovative research includes: 

Development of Avalon Clinical-grade Tissue-specific
Exosome ACTEX 

Novel therapeutic and diagnostic targets development
utilizing QTY-code protein design technology with Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) including using the QTY code protein design
technology for development of a hemofiltration device to treat Cytokine Storm; 

Co-development of next generation, mRNA-based
immune effector cell therapeutic modalities with Arbele Limited. 

Avalon s midstream bio-processing and bio-production
facility is co-developed at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center (UPMC) with state-of-the-art infrastructure and standardization
accredited with cGMP, FACT, aaBB, CLIA and CAP, as well as stringent QC/QA facility for standardized bio-manufacturing of clinical-grade
cellular products involved in our clinical programs in immune effector cell therapy and ACTEX-based regenerative therapeutics. 

52 

Avalon s downstream medical team and facility
consists of top-rated affiliated hospital network and experts specialized in hematology, oncology, cellular immunotherapy, hematopoietic
stem/progenitor cell transplant, as well as regenerative therapeutics. Our major clinical programs include: 

AVA-001: Avalon has initiated its first-in-human
clinical trial of CD19 CAR-T candidate, AVA-001 in August 2019 at the Hebei Yanda Lu Daopei Hospital and Beijing Lu Daopei Hospital in
China (the world s single largest CAR-T treatment network with over 1,200 patients being treated with CAR-T) for the indication
of relapsed/refractory B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia and non-Hodgkin Lymphoma). The AVA-001 candidate (co-developed with China Immunotech
Co. Ltd) is characterized by the utilization of 4-1BB (CD137) co-stimulatory signaling pathway, conferring a strong anti-cancer activity
during pre-clinical study. It also features a shorter bio-manufacturing time which leads to the advantage of prompt treatment to patients
where timing is important related hematologic malignancies. Avalon has successfully completed the first-in-human clinical trial of its
AVA-001 anti-CD19 CAR-T cell therapy as a bridge to allogeneic bone marrow transplantation for patients with relapsed/refractory B-cell
acute lymphoblastic leukemia at the Lu Daopei Hospital (registered clinical trial number NCT03952923) with excellent efficacy (90 complete
remission rate) and minimal adverse side effects. Avalon is currently expanding the patient recruitment and indication for AVA-001
to include relapsed/refractory non-Hodgkin lymphoma patients. 

AVA-011 and FLASH-CAR : The Company advanced
its next generation immune cell therapy using RNA-based, non-viral FLASH-CAR technology co-developed with the Company s strategic
partner Arbele Limited. The multiplex FLASH-CAR platform can be used to create personalized autologous cell therapy from
a patient s own cells, as well as off-the-shelf cell therapy from a universal donor. Our leading candidate, AVA-011,
is a dual-target (anti-CD19/CD22) CAR-T which has completed pre-clinical research stage, and currently at IND-enabling process development
stage at UPMC (Dr. Yen-Michael Hsu as Principal Investigator) to generate clinical-grade cell-therapy products for subsequent clinical
studies. 

ACTEX : Stem cell-derived Avalon Clinical-grade
Tissue-specific Exosomes (ACTEX is one of the core technology platforms that has been co-developed by Avalon GloboCare and the
University of Pittsburgh Medical Center. The Company formed a strategic partnership with HydroPeptide, LLC, a leading epigenetics skin
care company, to engage in co-development and commercialization of a series of clinical-grade, exosome-based cosmeceutical and orthopedic
products. As part of this agreement, the Company signed a three-way Material Transfer Agreement between Avalon GloboCare, HydroPeptide
and the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center. 

AVA-Trap : Avalon s AVA-Trap 
therapeutic program plans to enter animal model testing followed by expedited clinical studies with the goal of providing an effective
therapeutic option to combat COVID-19 and other life-threatening conditions involving cytokine storms. The Company initiated a sponsored
research and co-development project with Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) led by Professor Shuguang Zhang as Principal Investigator
in May 2019. Using the unique QTY code protein design platform, six water-soluble variant cytokine receptors have been successfully designed
and tested to show binding affinity to the respective cytokines. 

Going Concern 

The Company is a clinical-stage biotechnology
company dedicated to developing and delivering innovative, transformative cellular therapeutics, precision diagnostics, and clinical laboratory
services. The Company also provides strategic advisory and outsourcing services to facilitate and enhance its clients growth and
development, as well as competitiveness in healthcare and CellTech industry markets. Through its subsidiary structure with unique integration
of verticals from innovative research and development to automated bioproduction and accelerated clinical development, the Company is
establishing a leading role in the fields of cellular immunotherapy (including CAR-T/NK), exosome technology (ACTEX ), and regenerative
therapeutics. 

In addition, the Company owns commercial real
estate that houses its headquarters in Freehold, New Jersey. These consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that
the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates, among other things, the realization of assets and the satisfaction of
liabilities in the normal course of business. 

53 

As reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements,
the Company had working capital deficit of 1,206,279 at December 31, 2022 and had incurred recurring net losses and generated negative
cash flow from operating activities of 11,930,847 and 7,037,224 for the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively. The Company has
a limited operating history and its continued growth is dependent upon the generating rental revenue from its income-producing real estate
property in New Jersey and obtaining additional financing to fund future obligations and pay liabilities arising from normal business
operations. In addition, the current cash balance cannot be projected to cover the operating expenses for the next twelve months from
the release date of this report. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company s ability to raise additional capital, implement
its business plan, and generate significant revenues. There are no assurances that the Company will be successful in its efforts to generate
significant revenues, maintain sufficient cash balance or report profitable operations or to continue as a going concern. The Company
plans on raising capital through the sale of equity to implement its business plan. However, there is no assurance these plans will be
realized and that any additional financings will be available to the Company on satisfactory terms and conditions, if any. 

The occurrence of an uncontrollable event such
as the COVID-19 pandemic had negatively impact on the Company s operations. Our general development operations have continued during
the COVID-19 pandemic and we have not had significant disruption. However, we are uncertain if the COVID-19 pandemic will impact future
operations at our laboratory, or our ability to collaborate with other laboratories and universities. In addition, we are unsure if the
COVID-19 pandemic will impact future clinical trials. Given the dynamic nature of these circumstances, the duration of business disruption
and reduced traffic, the related financial effect cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability or classification of asset-carrying amounts or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Changes in these estimates
and assumptions may have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Making estimates requires
management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation
or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate,
could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly
from those estimates. Significant estimates during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 include the useful life of property and
equipment and investment in real estate, assumptions used in assessing impairment of long-term assets, valuation of deferred tax assets
and the associated valuation allowances, valuation of stock-based compensation, and assumptions used to determine fair value of warrants
and embedded conversion features of convertible note payable. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes revenue under Accounting
Standards Codification ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ). The core principle
of the revenue standard is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in
an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The following
five steps are applied to achieve that core principle: 

Step 1: Identify the contract with the customer 

Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract 

54 

Step 3: Determine the transaction price 

Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract 

Step 5: Recognize revenue when the company satisfies a performance obligation 

In order to identify the performance obligations
in a contract with a customer, a company must assess the promised goods or services in the contract and identify each promised goods or
service that is distinct. A performance obligation meets ASC 606 s definition of a distinct goods or service (or bundle
of goods or services) if both of the following criteria are met: 

The customer can benefit from the goods or service
either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available to the customer (i.e., the goods or service is capable of
being distinct). 

The entity s promise to transfer the goods
or service to the customer is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract (i.e., the promise to transfer the goods or
service is distinct within the context of the contract). 

If a goods or service is not distinct, the goods
or service is combined with other promised goods or services until a bundle of goods or services is identified that is distinct. 

The transaction price is the amount of consideration
to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a customer, excluding amounts collected
on behalf of third parties (for example, some sales taxes). The consideration promised in a contract with a customer may include fixed
amounts, variable amounts, or both. Variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent that it is probable
that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable
consideration is subsequently resolved. 

The transaction price is allocated to each performance
obligation on a relative standalone selling price basis. The transaction price allocated to each performance obligation is recognized
when that performance obligation is satisfied, at a point in time or over time as appropriate. 

The Company s revenues are derived from
providing medial related consulting services for its related parties. Revenues related to its service offerings are recognized
at a point in time when service is rendered. Any payments received in advance of the performance of services are recorded as deferred
revenue until such time as the services are performed. 

The Company has determined that the ASC 606 does
not apply to rental contracts, which are within the scope of other revenue recognition accounting standards. 

Rental income from operating leases is recognized
on a straight-line basis under the guidance of ASC 842. Lease payments under tenant leases are recognized on a straight-line basis over
the term of the related leases. The cumulative difference between lease revenue recognized under the straight-line method and contractual
lease payments are included in rent receivable on the consolidated balance sheets. 

The Company does not offer promotional payments,
customer coupons, rebates or other cash redemption offers to its customers. 

Income Taxes 

We are governed by the income tax laws of China
and the United States. Income taxes are accounted for pursuant to ASC 740 Accounting for Income Taxes, which is an asset
and liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of
events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns. The charge for taxes is based on the results for the period
as adjusted for items, which are non-assessable or disallowed. It is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively
enacted by the balance sheet date. 

Deferred tax is accounted for using the balance
sheet liability method in respect of temporary differences arising from differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities
in the financial statements and the corresponding tax basis used in the computation of assessable tax profit. In principle, deferred tax
liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences, and deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probably
that taxable profit will be available against which deductible temporary differences can be utilized. 

Deferred tax is calculated using tax rates that
are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realized or the liability is settled. Deferred tax is charged or credited in the
income statement, except when it is related to items credited or charged directly to equity, in which case the deferred tax is changed
to equity. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when they related to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and
we intend to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis. 

55 

Recent Accounting Standards 

For details of applicable new accounting standards,
please, refer to Recent Accounting Standards in Note 3 of our consolidated financial statements accompanying this report. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Comparison of Results of Operations for the
Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Revenues 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had real
property rental revenue of 1,202,169, as compared to 1,203,560 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 1,391, or 0.1 .
We expect that our revenue from real property rent will remain in its current level with minimal increase in the near future. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not
have any medical related consulting services revenue since there was no demand for our consulting service from our related parties and
there were no orders for our medical related consulting services from third party in 2022. Due to the winding down of the medical related
consulting services segment in 2022, the Company decided to cease all operations of this segment and no longer has any material revenues
or expenses in this segment. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had medical related consulting services revenue from related party
of 187,412. 

Costs and Expenses 

Real property operating expenses consist of property
management fees, property insurance, real estate taxes, depreciation, repairs and maintenance fees, utilities and other expenses related
to our rental properties. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, our real
property operating expenses amounted to 929,441, as compared to 829,287 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 100,154,
or 12.1 . The increase was mainly due to an increase in building cleaning fees of approximately 15,000, an increase in property
management fees of approximately 21,000, an increase in repairs and maintenance fee of approximately 32,000, an increase in utilities
of approximately 30,000, and an increase in other miscellaneous items of approximately 2,000. 

Costs of medical related consulting services include
the cost of labor and related benefits, travel expenses related to medical related consulting services, and other overhead costs. 

There were no comparative revenue and related
costs of revenue from our medical related consulting services for the year ended December 31, 2022 since there was no demand for our consulting
service from our related parties and there were no orders for our medical related consulting services from third party in 2022. For the
year ended December 31, 2021, costs of medical related consulting services amounted to 147,167. 

Real Property Operating Income 

Our real property operating income for the year
ended December 31, 2022 was 272,728, representing a decrease of 101,545, or 27.1 , as compared to 374,273 for the year ended December
31, 2021. The decrease was primarily attributable to the increase in real property operating expenses as described above. We expect our
real property operating income will remain in its current level with minimal increase in the near future. 

Gross Profit from Medical Related Consulting
Services and Gross Margin 

We did not generate any gross profit from medical
related consulting services in the year ended December 31, 2022. Our gross profit from medical related consulting services for the year
ended December 31, 2021 was 40,245, with a gross margin of 21.5 . 

56 

Other Operating Expenses 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
other operating expenses consisted of the following: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Advertising and marketing 
 1,325,313 
 328,565 
 
 Professional fees 
 2,909,652 
 4,946,696 
 
 Compensation and related benefits 
 1,863,188 
 2,042,278 
 
 Research and development 
 731,328 
 1,025,009 
 
 Litigation settlement 
 1,350,000 
 - 
 
 Directors and officers liability insurance premium 
 414,757 
 367,365 
 
 Travel and entertainment 
 163,213 
 156,483 
 
 Rent and related utilities 
 77,352 
 78,547 
 
 Other general and administrative 
 230,820 
 303,405 

9,065,623 
 9,248,348 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, advertising
and marketing expenses increased by 996,748 or 303.4 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due
to increased advertising activities to enhance the visibility and marketability of our company and to improve brand recognition and awareness.
We expect that our advertising expenses will remain in its current level with minimal increase in the near future. 

Professional fees primarily consisted of
 accounting fees, audit fees, legal service fees, consulting fees, investor relations service charges, valuation service fees and
 other fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022, professional fees decreased by 2,037,044, or 41.2 , as compared to the year ended
 December 31, 2021, which was primarily attributable to a decrease in consulting fees of approximately 1,648,000 mainly due to the
 decrease in use of consulting service providers, a decrease in legal service fees of approximately 262,000 mainly due to the
 decrease in use of legal service providers related to the acquisition of a British Virgin Island company which was terminated on January 1, 2022, and a decrease in one time valuation service fees of 180,000, offset by an increase in
 other miscellaneous items of approximately 53,000. We expect that our professional fees will remain in its current level with
 minimal increase in the near future. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, compensation
and related benefits decreased by 179,090, or 8.8 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, which was primarily attributable
to the decrease in stock-based compensation which reflected the value of options granted and vested to our management. We expect that
our compensation and related benefits will remain in its current level with minimal increase in the near future. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, research
and development expenses decreased by 293,681, or 28.7 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was mainly attributable
to decreased research and development projects in year 2022. We expect that our research and development expenses will remain in its current
level with minimal decrease in the near future. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, litigation
settlement increased by 1,350,000, or 100.0 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was due to a settlement signed
in June 2022 related to Research Institute litigation. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, Directors
and Officers Liability Insurance premium increased by 47,392, or 12.9 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase
was mainly due to different insurance provider with different premium. 

57 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, travel
and entertainment expense increased by 6,730, or 4.3 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was mainly due to
increased business travel activities in year 2022. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, rent and
related utilities expenses decreased by 1,195, or 1.5 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Other general and administrative expenses mainly
consisted of NASDAQ listing fee, office supplies, and other miscellaneous items. For the year ended December 31, 2022, other general and
administrative expenses decreased by 72,585, or 23.9 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was mainly attributable
to a decrease in depreciation of approximately 19,000, which was primarily due to certain office equipment and furniture had reached
the end of depreciation period and no further depreciation is required for these fixed assets in year 2022, a decrease in office supplies
of approximately 13,000, and a decrease in other miscellaneous items of approximately 40,000 due to our efforts at stricter controls
on corporate expenditure. 

Loss from Operations 

As a result of the foregoing, for the year ended
December 31, 2022, loss from operations amounted to 8,792,895, as compared to 8,833,830 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease
of 40,935 or 0.5 . 

Other (Expense) Income 

Other (expense) income mainly includes third party
and related party interest expense, conversion inducement expense, loss from equity method investment, change in fair value of derivative
liability, and other miscellaneous income. 

Other expense, net, totaled 3,137,952 for the year ended December
31, 2022, as compared to 256,669 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 2,881,283, or 1,122.6 , which was primarily attributable
to an increase in third party interest expense of approximately 3,496,000 mainly driven by the amortization of debt discount and debt
issuance cost of approximately 3,311,000 and the increased interest expense of approximately 186,000 from third party debts in year
2022, and an increase in conversion inducement expense of approximately 344,000 resulted from the reduction in the conversion price,
offset by an increase in gain from change in fair value of derivative liability of approximately 601,000, an increase in other miscellaneous
income of approximately 219,000, mainly driven by reagent sale in year 2022, a decrease in interest expense related party of
approximately 121,000 due to the decrease in outstanding borrowing in year 2022, and a decrease in loss from equity method investment
of approximately 19,000. 

Income Taxes 

We did not have any income taxes expense for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 since we incurred losses in these periods. 

Net Loss 

As a result of the factors described above, our net loss was 11,930,847
for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 9,090,499 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 2,840,348 or 31.2 . 

58 

Net Loss Attributable to Avalon GloboCare
Corp. Common Shareholders 

The net loss attributable to Avalon GloboCare Corp. common shareholders
was 11,930,847 or 1.28 per share (basic and diluted) for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared with 9,090,499 or 1.07 per
share (basic and diluted) for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 2,840,348 or 31.2 . 

Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment 

Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. The
functional currency of our parent company, AHS, Avalon RT 9, Genexosome, Avactis, and Exosome, is the U.S. dollar and the functional currency
of Avalon Shanghai is the Chinese Renminbi RMB ). The financial statement of our subsidiary whose functional currency is
the RMB are translated to U.S. dollars using period end rate of exchange for assets and liabilities, average rate of exchange for revenues,
costs, and expenses and cash flows, and at historical exchange rate for equity. Net gains and losses resulting from foreign exchange transactions
are included in the results of operations. As a result of foreign currency translations, which are a non-cash adjustment, we reported
a foreign currency translation loss of 47,871 and a foreign currency translation gain of 25,244 for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. This non-cash loss/gain had the effect of increasing/decreasing our reported comprehensive loss. 

Comprehensive Loss 

As a result of our foreign currency translation adjustment, we had
comprehensive loss of 11,978,718 and 9,065,255 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The Company has a limited operating history and
its continued growth is dependent upon generating rental revenue from its income-producing real estate property in New Jersey and obtaining
additional financing to fund future obligations and pay liabilities arising from normal business operations. In addition, the current
cash balance cannot be projected to cover the operating expenses for the next twelve months from the release date of this report. These
matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue
as a going concern is dependent on the Company s ability to raise additional capital, implement its business plan, and generate
significant revenues. There are no assurances that the Company will be successful in its efforts to generate significant revenues, maintain
sufficient cash balance or report profitable operations or to continue as a going concern. The Company plans on raising capital through
the sale of equity to implement its business plan. However, there is no assurance these plans will be realized and that any additional
financings will be available to the Company on satisfactory terms and conditions, if any. 

The occurrence of an uncontrollable event such
as the COVID-19 pandemic is likely to negatively affect the Company s operations. Efforts to contain the spread of the coronavirus
have intensified, including social distancing, travel bans and quarantine, and these are likely to negatively impact our tenants, employees
and consultants. These, in turn, will not only impact our operations, financial condition and demand for our medical related consulting
services but our overall ability to react timely to mitigate the impact of this event. Given the dynamic nature of these circumstances,
the duration of business disruption and reduced traffic, the related financial effect cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. 

59 

Liquidity is the ability of a company to generate
funds to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations and otherwise operate on an ongoing basis. At December 31,
2022 and 2021, we had cash balance of approximately 1,991,000 and 808,000, respectively. These funds are kept in financial institutions
located as follows: 

Country: 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 United States 
 1,806,083 
 90.7 
 767,605 
 95.1 
 
 China 
 184,827 
 9.3 
 39,933 
 4.9 
 
 Total cash 
 1,990,910 
 100.0 
 807,538 
 100.0 

Under applicable PRC regulations, foreign invested
enterprises, or FIEs, in China may pay dividends only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance with PRC accounting
standards and regulations. In addition, a foreign invested enterprise in China is required to set aside at least 10 of its after-tax
profit based on PRC accounting standards each year to its general reserves until the cumulative amount of such reserves reach 50 of its
registered capital. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends. 

In addition, a small portion of our assets are
denominated in RMB, which is not freely convertible into foreign currencies. All foreign exchange transactions take place either through
the People s Bank of China or other banks authorized to buy and sell foreign currencies at the exchange rates quoted by the People s
Bank of China. Approval of foreign currency payments by the People s Bank of China or other regulatory institutions requires submitting
a payment application form together with suppliers invoices, shipping documents and signed contracts. These currency exchange control
procedures imposed by the PRC government authorities may restrict the ability of our PRC subsidiary to transfer its net assets to the
Parent Company through loans, advances or cash dividends. 

The current PRC Enterprise Income Tax EIT Law and its implementing rules generally provide that a 10 withholding tax applies to China-sourced income derived by non-resident enterprises
for PRC enterprise income tax purposes unless the jurisdiction of incorporation of such enterprises shareholder has a tax treaty
with China that provides for a different withholding arrangement. 

The following table sets forth a summary of changes
in our working capital deficit from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022: 

December 31, 
 Changes in 

2022 
 2021 
 Amount 
 Percentage 
 
 Working capital deficit: 

Total current assets 
 2,373,526 
 1,323,042 
 1,050,484 
 79.4 
 
 Total current liabilities 
 3,579,805 
 4,401,658 
 (821,853 
 (18.7 
 
 Working capital deficit 
 (1,206,279 
 (3,078,616 
 1,872,337 
 (60.8 

Our working capital deficit decreased by 1,872,337
to 1,206,279 at December 31, 2022 from 3,078,616 at December 31, 2021. The decrease in working capital deficit was primarily attributable
to an increase in cash of approximately 1,183,000 mainly due to the issuance of convertible debt and balloon promissory note in year
2022, a decrease in accrued professional fees of approximately 208,000 which was mainly due to payments made to our professional service
providers in the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease in accrued research and development fees of approximately 90,000 resulting
from payments made to research and development service providers in the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease in accrued payroll liability
and directors compensation of approximately 83,000, a decrease in accrued liabilities and other payables related parties
of approximately 368,000 which was mainly attributable to the accrued and unpaid related party interest was settled in shares in the
year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease in operating lease obligation of approximately 140,000, a decrease in note payable related
party of 390,000 due to repayment made to this related party in the year ended December 31, 2022, offset by a decrease in other current
assets of approximately 200,000, which was mainly attributable to the decrease in prepaid professional fee of approximately 93,000,
which were recognized as expense over the related service period in year 2022, and the decrease in recoverable VAT of approximately 20,000
and the decrease in other miscellaneous items of approximately 87,000, and an increase in accrued settlement of lawsuit of 450,000 due
to a settlement signed in June 2022. 

60 

Because the exchange rate conversion is different
for the consolidated balance sheets and the consolidated statements of cash flows, the changes in assets and liabilities reflected on
the consolidated statements of cash flows are not necessarily identical with the comparable changes reflected on the consolidated balance
sheets. 

Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31,
2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

The following summarizes the key components of
our cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (7,037,224 
 (5,024,479 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (9,053,470 
 (68,135 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 17,263,989 
 5,170,132 
 
 Effect of exchange rate on cash and restricted cash 
 10,077 
 3,443 
 
 Net increase in cash and restricted cash 
 1,183,372 
 80,961 

Net cash flow used in operating activities for the year ended December
31, 2022 was 7,037,224, which primarily reflected our consolidated net loss of approximately 11,931,000, and the non-cash item adjustment
consisting of change in fair market value of derivative liability of approximately 601,000, and the changes in operating assets and liabilities,
primarily consisting of a decrease in operating lease obligation of approximately 142,000, offset by an increase in accrued liabilities
and other payables of approximately 331,000, an increase in accrued liabilities and other payables related parties of approximately
 80,000, and the non-cash items adjustment primarily consisting of depreciation of approximately 331,000, amortization of right-of-use
asset of approximately 136,000, stock-based compensation and service expense of approximately 1,107,000, amortization of debt discount
of approximately 3,281,000 mainly resulting from the conversion of convertible debt in July 2022, and conversion inducement expense of
approximately 344,000 resulted from the reduction in the conversion price. 

Net cash flow used in operating activities for
the year ended December 31, 2021 was 5,024,479, which primarily reflected our consolidated net loss of approximately 9,090,000, and
the changes in operating assets and liabilities, primarily consisting of a decrease in operating lease obligation of approximately 121,000,
offset by an increase accrued liabilities and other payables of approximately 1,331,000, which was mainly attributable the increase in
accrued professional fees of approximately 669,000 due to increased professional service providers, the increase in accrued research
and development fees of approximately 415,000 which was primarily attributable to we increased research and development projects in 2021,
and the increase in accrued payroll liability and directors compensation of approximately 153,000, and an increase in accrued
liabilities and other payables related parties of approximately 200,000 resulting from the increase in accrued interest for related
party borrowings, and the non-cash items adjustment primarily consisting of depreciation of approximately 312,000, amortization of right-of-use
asset of approximately 127,000, and stock-based compensation and service expense of approximately 2,110,000. 

61 

We expect our cash used in operating activities
to increase due to the following: 

the development and commercialization of new
products; 

an increase in professional staff and services;
and 

an increase in public relations and/or sales
promotions for existing and/or new brands as we expand within existing markets or enter new markets. 

Net cash flow used in investing activities was
 5,053,748 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 68,135 for the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December
31, 2022, we made payments for purchase of property and equipment of approximately 2,000 and made additional investment in Epicon equity
method investment of approximately 52,000 and made payments for acquisition of 40 interest in Laboratory Services MSO, LLC of approximately
 9,000,000. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we made payments for purchase of property and equipment of approximately 18,000
and for improvement of commercial real estate of approximately 10,000, and made additional investment in equity method investment of
approximately 40,000. 

Net cash flow provided by financing activities
was 17,263,989 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 5,170,132 for the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended
December 31, 2022, we received proceeds from related party borrowings of 100,000, and proceeds from issuance of convertible debt and
warrants of approximately 3,719,000, and net proceeds from issuance of balloon promissory note of approximately 4,534,000 (net of cash
paid for debt issuance costs of approximately 266,000), and net proceeds from equity offering of approximately 712,000 (net of cash
paid for commission and other offering costs of approximately 24,000), and proceeds from issuance of Series A preferred stock of 9,000,000
to fund our working capital needs, offset by repayments made for note payable related party of 390,000 and repayments made for
loan payable related party of 410,000. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we received proceeds from related party borrowings
of approximately 2,550,000 and net proceeds from equity offering of approximately 2,620,000 (net of cash paid for commission and other
offering costs of approximately 240,000) to fund our working capital needs. 

Our capital requirements for the next twelve months
primarily relate to working capital requirements, including salaries, fees related to third parties professional services, reduction
of accrued liabilities, mergers, acquisitions and the development of business opportunities. These uses of cash will depend on numerous
factors including our revenues and our ability to control costs. All funds received have been expended in the furtherance of growing the
business. The following trends are reasonably likely to result in a material decrease in our liquidity over the near to long term: 

an increase in working capital requirements to
finance our current business, including ongoing research and development programs, clinical studies, as well as commercial strategies; 

the use of capital for mergers, acquisitions
and the development of business opportunities; 

addition of administrative personnel as the business
grows; and 

the cost of being a public company. 

In the third quarter of 2019, we had secured a
 20 million credit facility (Line of Credit) provided by our Chairman, Wenzhao Lu. The unsecured credit facility bears interest at a rate
of 5 and provides for maturity on drawn loans 36 months after funding. As of December 31, 2022, the total principal amount outstanding
under the Credit Line was 0 and we used approximately 5.9 million of the credit facility and have approximately 14.1 million remaining
available under the Line Credit. 

62 

On December 13, 2019, we entered into an
Open Market Sale Agreement SM (the Sales Agreement with Jefferies LLC, as sales agent Jefferies ),
pursuant to which we may offer and sell, from time to time, through Jefferies, shares of our common stock, par value 0.0001 per share,
having an aggregate offering price of up to 20.0 million. On April 6, 2020, the date on which we filed our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, our registration statement became subject to the offering limits set forth in General Instruction
I.B.6 of Form S-3. As of April 6, 2020, the aggregate market value of our outstanding common stock held by non-affiliates, or
public float, was 39,564,237, based on 2,369,116 shares of our outstanding common stock that were held by non-affiliates on
such date and a price of 16.7 per share, which was the price at which our common stock was last sold on The Nasdaq Capital Market on
February 19, 2020 (a date within 60 days of the date hereof), calculated in accordance with General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3. We
have not offered any securities pursuant to General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3 in the 12 calendar months preceding the date
of this prospectus supplement. We filed a prospectus supplement to amend and supplement the information in our prospectus and original
prospectus supplement based on the amount of securities that we are eligible to sell under General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3. After
giving effect to the 13,000,000 offering limit imposed by General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3, we may offer and sell
additional shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 13,000,000 from time to time through Jefferies acting
as our sales agent in accordance with the terms of the sales agreement. As of December 31, 2022, we sold a total of 642,949 shares
of our common stock through Jefferies with an aggregate offering price of 10,073,707 and we have approximately 4.9 million offering
price remaining available under the Sales Agreement. 

We estimate that based on current plans and assumptions,
that our available cash will be insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements under our present operating expectations through cash available
under our Credit Line and sales of equity through our Sales Agreement. Under the Line of Credit, the Company received a loan from the
Lender of 750,000 in March 2023. Other than funds received from the sale of our equity and advances from our related party, and cash
resource generating from our operations, we presently have no other significant alternative source of working capital. We have used these
funds to fund our operating expenses, pay our obligations and grow our company. We will need to raise significant additional capital to
fund our operations and to provide working capital for our ongoing operations and obligations. Therefore, our future operation is dependent
on our ability to secure additional financing. Financing transactions may include the issuance of equity or debt securities, obtaining
credit facilities, or other financing mechanisms. However, the trading price of our common stock and a downturn in the U.S. equity and
debt markets could make it more difficult to obtain financing through the issuance of equity or debt securities. Even if we are able to
raise the funds required, it is possible that we could incur unexpected costs and expenses or experience unexpected cash requirements
that would force us to seek alternative financing. Furthermore, if we issue additional equity or debt securities, stockholders may experience
additional dilution or the new equity securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing holders of our
common stock. The inability to obtain additional capital may restrict our ability to grow and may reduce our ability to continue to conduct
business operations. If we are unable to obtain additional financing, we will be required to cease our operations. To date, we have not
considered this alternative, nor do we view it as a likely occurrence. 

63 

Off-balance Sheet Arrangements 

We presently do not have off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 

In November of 2022, we decided to cease all operations
in China with the exception of a small administrative office, Avalon Shanghai. We do not expect nor do we plan that there will be further
revenue generated from PRC operations in the foreseeable future. Thus, exchange rate fluctuations between RMB and US dollars do not have
a material effect on us. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had an unrealized foreign currency translation loss of approximately
 48,000 and an unrealized foreign currency translation gain of approximately 25,000, respectively, because of changes in the exchange
rate. 

Inflation 

The effect of inflation on our revenue and operating
results was not significant. 

64 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a smaller reporting company, as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The financial statements begin on page F-1. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
that are designed to ensure that material information required to be disclosed in our periodic reports filed under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, or 1934 Act, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms and to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the principal executive officer
and the principal financial officer (principal financial officer), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13(a)-15(e) under the 1934 Act, as of the end of the period covered by this report. Our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance
of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible
controls and procedures. During
evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 conducted as part of our annual audit and preparation of our
annual financial statements, our management, including our CEO and CFO, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operations of our disclosure
controls and procedures and concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the reasons set forth below. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible for the preparation
and fair presentation of the financial statements included in this annual report. The financial statements have been prepared in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and reflect management s judgment and estimates concerning
effects of events and transactions that are accounted for or disclosed. 

Management is also responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies
and procedures that pertain to our ability to record, process, summarize and report reliable data. Management recognizes that there are
inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of human error and
the circumvention or overriding of internal control. Accordingly, even effective internal control over financial reporting can provide
only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement presentation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting may vary over time. 

65 

Management regularly assesses controls and did
so most recently for our financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This assessment was based on criteria for effective internal control
over financial reporting described in the Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO)
of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was
not effective as of December 31, 2022, due to the lack of segregation of duties resulting from our small size and testing of the operating
effectiveness of the controls. As a result of our Lab Services transaction in February 2023, we intend to retain additional accounting
staff and support to enhance our controls and procedures and, in February 2023, we retained a third party with relevant expertise to
support us and assist us in enhancing our internal controls and procedures. 

In light of the material weaknesses described above, we performed
additional analyses and procedures in order to conclude that our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K were fairly stated in accordance with US GAAP. Accordingly, management believes that despite
our material weakness, our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 are fairly stated, in all material respects,
in accordance with US GAAP. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act, during the quarter ended December 31, 2022
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report by our independent registered public accounting firm, regarding internal control over financial reporting. As a
smaller reporting company, our internal control over financial reporting was not subject to audit by our independent registered public
accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

66 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Below are the names of and certain information
regarding our executive officers and directors as of the date hereof: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Wenzhao Lu 
 
 65 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 David Jin, MD, PhD 
 
 55 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 
 
 Meng Li 
 
 45 
 
 Chief Operating Officer and Secretary 
 
 Luisa Ingargiola 
 
 55 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Steven A. Sanders 
 
 77 
 
 Director 
 
 Lourdes Felix 
 
 55 
 
 Director 
 
 Wilbert J. Tauzin II 
 
 79 
 
 Director 
 
 William B. Stilley, III 
 
 55 
 
 Director 
 
 Tevi Troy 
 
 55 
 
 Director 

Officers are elected annually by the Board of
Directors (subject to the terms of any employment agreement), at our annual meeting, to hold such officer until an officer s successor
has been duly appointed and qualified, unless an officer sooner dies, resigns or is removed by the Board. 

The principal occupation and business experience
during at least the past five years for our executive officers and directors is as follows: 

Wenzhao Lu, Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Mr. Wenzhao Lu has served
as our Chairman of the Board since October 10, 2016. He is a seasoned healthcare entrepreneur with extensive operational knowledge and
experience in US Asia. He has served as Chairman of the Board for the Daopei Medical Group, or DPMG, since 2010 to December, 2021.
Under his leadership, DPMG is operating three top-ranked private hospitals (located in Beijing and Hebei), specialty hematology laboratories,
as well as a hematology research institute, with more than 100 partnering and collaborating hospitals in China. DPMG was founded by Professor
Daopei Lu, a renowned hematologist pioneering in hematopoietic stem cell transplant and member of the Academy of Engineering in China.
Mr. Wenzhao Lu received a Bachelor of Arts from Temple University Tyler School of Arts in 1988 and subsequently worked as senior Art Director
at Ogilvy Mather Advertising Company. Prior to joining DPMG, Mr. Lu served as Chief Operating Officer for BioTime Asia Limited,
which is a subsidiary of BioTime, Inc. (NYSE American: BTX) in 2009. Mr. Lu is qualified to serve as a director because of his extensive
operational knowledge of, and executive level management experience in, the healthcare industry. 

67 

David Jin, Chief Executive Officer, President
and Director 

Dr. David Jin, MD, PhD, has served as our Chief
Executive Officer, President and a member of the Board of Directors since September 14, 2016. From 2009 to 2017, Dr. Jin has served as
the Chief Medical Officer of BioTime, Inc. (NYSE American: BTX), a clinical stage regenerative medicine company with a focus on pluripotent
stem cell technology. Dr. Jin also acts as a senior translational clinician-scientist at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute and the Ansary
Stem Cell Center at Weill Cornell Medical College of Cornell University. Prior to his current endeavors, Dr. Jin was Chief Consultant/Advisor
for various biotech/pharmaceutical companies regarding hematology, oncology, immunotherapy and stem cell-based technology development.
Dr. Jin has been Principle Investigator in more than 15 pre-clinical and clinical trials, as well as author/co-author of over 80 peer-reviewed
scientific abstracts, articles, reviews, and book chapters. Dr. Jin studied medicine at SUNY Downstate College of Medicine in Brooklyn,
New York. He received his clinical training and subsequent faculty tenure at the New York-Presbyterian Hospital (the teaching hospital
for both Cornell and Columbia Universities) in the areas of internal medicine, hematology, and clinical oncology. Dr. Jin was honored
as Top Chief Medical Officer by ExecRank in 2012, as well as recognized by Leading Physicians of the World in 2015. Dr. Jin is qualified
to serve as a director because of his role with us, and his extensive operational knowledge of, and executive level management experience
in, the healthcare industry. 

Meng Li, Chief Operating Officer and Secretary 

Ms. Meng Li has served as our Chief Operating
Officer and Secretary since October 10, 2016 and served as a member of the Board of Directors from October 10, 2016 to July 9, 2018 and
from April 5, 2019 through December 30, 2022. Ms. Li has over 15 years of executive experience in international marketing, branding, communications,
and media investment consultancy. Ms. Li served as Managing Director at Maxus/GroupM (a WPP Group company) where she was responsible for
business P L and corporate management from 2006 to 2015. Prior to joining Maxus/Group M, Ms. Li worked for Zenith Media (a Publicis
Group company) from 2000 to 2006 as Senior Manager. Ms. Li received a Bachelor of Arts in International Economic Law from Dalian Maritime
University in China. 

Luisa Ingargiola, Chief Financial Officer 

Luisa Ingargiola has served as our Chief Financial
Officer since February 21, 2017. Ms Ingargiola has significant experience serving as Chief Financial Officer or Audit Chair for multiple
NASDAQ and NYSE companies. She currently serves as Director and Audit Chair for several public companies including ElectraMeccanica (NASDAQ:SOLO),
Dragonfly Energy (DFLI) andVision Marine (VMAR). From 2007 through 2016, Ms. Ingargiola served as the Chief Financial Officer and then
Director at MagneGas Corporation (Nasdaq: MNGA. Prior to 2007, Ms. Ingargiola held various roles as Budget Director and Investment Analyst
in several private companies. Ms. Ingargiola graduated in 1989 from Boston University with a Bachelor s degree in Business Administration
and a concentration in Finance. In 1996, she received her MBA in Health Administration from the University of South Florida. Ms. Ingargiola
is qualified to serve as a Chief Financial Officer because of her extensive knowledge corporate governance, regulatory requirements, executive
leadership and knowledge of, and experience in, financing and M A transactions. 

Steven A. Sanders, Director 

Steven A. Sanders has served as a member of the
Board of Directors since July 30, 2018. Since January 2017, Mr. Sanders has been Of Counsel to the law firm of Ortoli Rosenstadt LLP.
From July 2007 until January 2017, Mr. Sanders was a Senior Partner of Ortoli Rosenstadt LLP. From January 1, 2004 until June 30, 2007,
he was Of Counsel to the law firm of Rubin, Bailin, Ortoli, LLP. From January 1, 2001 to December 31, 2003, he was Counsel to the law
firm of Spitzer Feldman PC. Mr. Sanders also serves as a Director of Helijet International, Inc. and Electrameccanica Vehicles Corp.
(NASDAQ:SOLO). Additionally, he has been a director at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts since October 2013 and has been a director
of the Bay Street Theater since February 2015. Mr. Sanders received his JD from Cornell University and his BBA from The City College of
New York. Mr. Sanders is qualified to serve as a director because of his corporate, securities and international law experience, including
working with companies in the life sciences industry. 

68 

Lourdes Felix, Director 

Ms. Felix has served as a member of the Board
of the Directors since January 9, 2023. Ms. Felix is an entrepreneur and corporate finance executive with 30 years of combined experience
in capital markets, public accounting and in the private sector. She presently serves as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer,
and Director of BioCorRx Inc, a company focused on addiction treatment solutions and related disorders. She has been with BioCorRx since
October 2012. Ms. Felix is one of the founders and President of BioCorRx Pharmaceuticals Inc., a majority owned subsidiary of BioCorRx
Inc. Prior to joining BioCorRx, her experience was in the private sector and public accounting. She has expertise in finance, accounting,
company-wide operations, budgeting, and internal control principles including GAAP, SEC, and SOX Compliance. She has thorough knowledge
of federal and state regulations and has successfully managed and produced SEC regulatory filings. She also has extensive experience in
developing and managing financial operations. Lourdes holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from the University of Phoenix.
She continued her education and is an MBA candidate at D Amore-McKim School of Business, Northeastern University. Ms. Felix is qualified
to serve as a director because of her extensive investment and executive level management experience. 

Wilbert J. Tauzin II, Director 

Wilbert J. Tauzin II has served as a member of
the Board of Directors since November 1, 2017. From December 2010 until March 1, 2014, Congressman Tauzin served as Special Legislative
Counsel to Alston Bird LLP. From December 2004 to June 2010, Congressman Tauzin was President and Chief Executive Officer of the
Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, a trade group that serves as one of the pharmaceutical industry s top lobbying
groups. He served 12.5 terms in the U.S. House of Representatives, representing Louisiana s 3rd Congressional District. From January
2001 through February 2004, Congressman Tauzin served as Chairman of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce. He also served as a senior
member of the House Resources Committee and Deputy Majority Whip. Prior to serving as a member of Congress, Congressman Tauzin was a member
of the Louisiana State Legislature, where he served as Chairman of the House Natural Resources Committee and Chief Administration Floor
Leader. He served as Lead Independent Director of LHC Group, a publicly traded provider of quality home health care, from 2005 to 2021
and retains the role of Lead Independent Emeritus today. The Congressman also served on the Board of Entergy, a Fortune 500 company. In
addition, the Congressman chartered a Louisiana State Savings and Loan Association and Chaired its first Board. He received a Bachelor
of Arts Degree from Nicholls State University and a Juris Doctor degree from Louisiana State University. Congressman Tauzin is qualified
to serve as a director because of his extensive knowledge of the pharmaceutical industry and his experience as a director of several publicly-traded
and privately-held companies. 

William B. Stilley, III, Director 

William B. Stilley has served as a member of the
Board of Directors since July 5, 2018. Mr. Stilley has been the chief executive officer of Purnovate, Inc., a subsidiary of Adial Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. (Adial) since January 2021, was chief executive officer of Adial from December 2010 until August 2022, and continues as a member
of Adial s board of directors, which he joined in December 2010. From August 2008 until December 2010, he was the vice president,
business development and strategic projects at Clinical Data, Inc. (NASDQ: CLDA). In September 2021, Mr. Stilley was appointed to serve
as a member of the board of directors of Sysorex, Inc., where he serves as chair of the audit committee. From February 2002, Mr. Stilley
was the COO and CFO of Adenosine Therapeutics, LLC until certain assets of Adenosine Therapeutics were acquired by Clinical Data, Inc.
in August 2008. Mr. Stilley has advised both public and private companies on financing and M A transactions, has been the interim
CFO of a public company, the interim Chief Business Officer and then Advisor for Diffusion Pharmaceuticals from September 2015 through
March 2018, and the COO and CFO of a number of private companies. Before entering the business community, Mr. Stilley served as Captain
in the U.S. Marine Corps. Mr. Stilley has an MBA with honors from the Darden School of Business and a B.S. in Commerce/Marketing from
the McIntire School of Commerce at the University of Virginia. He currently serves on the Advisory Board of Virginia BIO, the statewide
biotechnology organization. Mr. Stilley is qualified to serve as a director because of his extensive knowledge of the biotechnology industry,
significant executive leadership and operational experience, and knowledge of, and experience in, financing and M A transactions. 

69 

Tevi Troy, Director 

Tevi Troy has served as a member of the Board
of Directors since June 4, 2018. Mr. Troy is a former Deputy Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Dr. Troy is
a Senior Fellow at the Bipartisan Policy Center in Washington. He has previously been the founder and CEO of the American Health Policy
Institute and a Senior Fellow at Hudson Institute. On August 3, 2007, Dr. Troy was unanimously confirmed by the U.S. Senate as the Deputy
Secretary of HHS. As Deputy Secretary, Dr. Troy was the chief operating officer of the largest civilian department in the federal government,
with a budget of 716 billion and over 67,000 employees. Dr. Troy has extensive White House experience, having served in several high-level
positions over a five-year period, culminating in his service as Deputy Assistant and then Acting Assistant to the President for Domestic
Policy. Dr. Troy has held high-level positions on Capitol Hill as well. From 1998 to 2000, Dr. Troy served as the Policy Director for
Senator John Ashcroft. From 1996 to 1998, Dr. Troy was Senior Domestic Policy Adviser and later Domestic Policy Director for the House
Policy Committee, chaired by Christopher Cox. In addition to his senior level government work and health care expertise, Dr. Troy is also
a best-selling presidential historian and the author of five books, including, most recently, Fight House: Rivalries in the White
House from Truman to Trump, which the Wall Street Journal listed as one of the top political books of 2020. Dr. Troy s many
other affiliations include: contributing editor for Washingtonian magazine; member of the publication committee of National Affairs; member
of the Board of Fellows of the Jewish Policy Center; a Senior Fellow at the Potomac Institute; and a member of the Bipartisan Commission
on Biodefense. Dr. Troy has a B.S. in Industrial and Labor Relations from Cornell University and an M.A and Ph.D. in American Civilization
from the University of Texas at Austin. Dr. Troy is qualified to serve as a director because of his extensive knowledge of the healthcare
industry and his significant leadership experience. 

Board Composition 

Our business and affairs are organized under the
direction of our board of directors, which currently consists of nine members. The primary responsibility of our board of directors is
to provide oversight, strategic guidance, counseling, and direction to our management team. Our board of directors meets on a regular
basis and additionally as required. 

A majority of the authorized number of directors
constitutes a quorum of the Board of Directors for the transaction of business. The directors must be present at the meeting to constitute
a quorum. However, any action required or permitted to be taken by the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting if all members
of the Board of Directors individually or collectively consent in writing to the action. 

Director Independence 

Our board of directors currently consists of seven
members. Our board of directors has determined that William B. Stilley, III, Steven A. Sanders, Tevi Troy, and Lourdes Felix, qualify
as independent directors in accordance with the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq listing requirements. 

As required under Nasdaq rules and regulations,
our independent directors meet in regularly scheduled executive sessions at which only independent directors are present. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among our directors
or executive officers. 

Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk
Oversight 

Our Board of Directors, or the Board, is primarily
responsible for overseeing our risk management processes on behalf of our company. The Board receives and reviews periodic reports from
management, auditors, legal counsel, and others, as considered appropriate regarding our company s assessment of risks. In addition,
the Board focuses on the most significant risks facing our company and our company s general risk management strategy, and also
ensures that risks undertaken by our company are consistent with the board s appetite for risk. While the Board oversees our company s
risk management, management is responsible for day-to-day risk management processes. We believe this division of responsibilities is the
most effective approach for addressing the risks facing our company and that our board leadership structure supports this approach. 

70 

Board Committees 

Establishment of Board Committees and Adoption of Charters 

In November 2018, the Company established a Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee, a Compensation Committee and an Audit Committee (collectively, the Committees and approved
and adopted charters to govern each of the Committees. 

In connection with the establishment of the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee, Compensation Committee and Audit Committee, the Board of Directors of the Company appointed
members to each such committee. Currently, all three committees are comprised of at least three (3) directors meeting the requirements
set forth in each applicable charter. The membership of these three standing committees of the Board of Directors of the Company is
as follows: 

Nominating
 and Corporate 
 Governance Committee 
 
 Compensation
 Committee 
 
 Audit
 Committee 
 
 Steven Sanders (Chairman) 
 
 Lourdes Felix (Chairwoman) 
 
 William Stilley (Chairman) 
 
 Tevi Troy 
 
 Steven Sanders 
 
 Tevi Troy 
 
 William Stilley 
 
 Tevi Troy 
 
 Steve Sanders 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

Our board of directors has determined that each
of the members of the Nominating and Governance Committee (the Governance Committee are independent directors 
as defined by Nasdaq. The Governance Committee is generally responsible for recommending to our full board of directors policies,
procedures, and practices designed to help ensure that our corporate governance policies, procedures, and practices continue to assist
the board of directors and our management in effectively and efficiently promoting the best interests of our stockholders. The Governance
Committee is also responsible for selecting and recommending for approval by our board of directors and our stockholders a slate of director
nominees for election at each of our annual meetings of stockholders, and otherwise for determining the board committee members and chairmen,
subject to board of directors ratification, as well as recommending to the board director nominees to fill vacancies or new positions
on the board of directors or its committees that may occur or be created from time to time, all in accordance with our bylaws and applicable
law. The Governance Committee s principal functions include: 

developing and maintaining our corporate governance
policy guidelines; 

developing and maintaining our codes of conduct
and ethics; 

overseeing the interpretation and enforcement
of our Code of Conduct and our Code of Ethics for Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial and Accounting Officers; 

evaluating the performance of our board of directors,
its committees, and committee chairmen and our directors; and 

selecting and recommending a slate of director
nominees for election at each of our annual meetings of the stockholders and recommending to the board director nominees to fill vacancies
or new positions on the board of directors or its committees that may occur from time to time. 

During 2022, the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee did not meet. The Governance Committee is governed by a written charter approved by our board of directors. A copy of the Governance
Committee s charter is posted on the Company s website at www.avalon-globocare.com in the Investors section
of the website. In identifying potential independent board of directors candidates with significant senior-level professional experience,
the Governance Committee solicits candidates from the board of directors, senior management and others and may engage a search firm in
the process. The Governance Committee reviews and narrows the list of candidates and interviews potential nominees. The final candidate
is also introduced and interviewed by the board of directors and the lead director if one has been appointed. In general, in considering
whether to recommend any particular candidate for inclusion in our board of directors slate of recommended director nominees, the
Governance Committee will apply the criteria set forth in our corporate governance guidelines. These criteria include the candidate s
integrity, business acumen, commitment to understanding our business and industry, experience, conflicts of interest and the ability to
act in the interests of our stockholders. Further, specific consideration is given to, among other things, diversity of background and
experience that a candidate would bring to our board of directors. The Governance Committee does not assign specific weights to particular
criteria and no particular criterion is a prerequisite for each prospective nominee. We believe that the backgrounds and qualifications
of our directors, considered as a group, should provide a composite mix of experience, knowledge and abilities that will allow our board
of directors to fulfill its responsibilities. Stockholders may recommend individuals to the Governance Committee for consideration as
potential director candidates by submitting their names, together with appropriate biographical information and background materials to
our Governance Committee. Assuming that appropriate biographical and background material has been provided on a timely basis, the Governance
Committee will evaluate stockholder recommended candidates by following substantially the same process, and applying substantially the
same criteria, as it follows for candidates submitted by others. 

71 

Audit Committee 

We have a separately-designated standing Audit
Committee established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
Our board of directors has determined that the members are all independent directors as defined by the rules of Nasdaq applicable
to members of an audit committee and Rule 10A-3(b)(i) under the Exchange Act. In addition, Mr. Stilley is an audit committee financial
expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K and demonstrates financial sophistication as defined by the
rules of The NASDAQ Stock Market, Inc. The Audit Committee is appointed by our board of directors to assist our board of directors in
monitoring (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and (3) the independence
and performance of our internal and external auditors. The Audit Committee s principal functions include: 

reviewing our annual audited financial statements
with management and our independent auditors, including major issues regarding accounting and auditing principles and practices and financial
reporting that could significantly affect our financial statements; 

reviewing our quarterly financial statements
with management and our independent auditor prior to the filing of our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, including the results of the independent
auditors reviews of the quarterly financial statements; 

recommending to the board of directors the appointment
of, and continued evaluation of the performance of, our independent auditor; 

approving the fees to be paid to our independent
auditor for audit services and approving the retention of our independent auditor for non-audit services and all fees for such services; 

reviewing periodic reports from our independent
auditor regarding our auditor s independence, including discussion of such reports with the auditor; 

reviewing the adequacy of our overall control
environment, including internal financial controls and disclosure controls and procedures; and 

reviewing with our management and legal counsel
legal matters that may have a material impact on our financial statements or our compliance policies and any material reports or inquiries
received from regulators or governmental agencies. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the audit
committee met four times. A copy of the Audit Committee s charter is posted on the Company s website at www.avalon-globocare.com
 in the Investors section of the website. 

Meetings may be held from time to time to consider
matters for which approval of our Board of Directors is desirable or is required by law. 

Compensation Committee 

Our compensation committee consists of Lourdes
Felix, Steven Sanders and Tevi Troy. Our board of directors has determined that each of the members are an independent director 
as defined by the Nasdaq rules applicable to members of a compensation committee. The Compensation Committee is responsible for establishing
the compensation of our senior management, including salaries, bonuses, termination arrangements, and other executive officer benefits
as well as director compensation. The Compensation Committee also administers our equity incentive plans. During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Compensation Committee did not meet. The Compensation Committee is governed by a written charter approved by the board of
directors. A copy of the Compensation Committee s charter is posted on the Company s website at www.avalon-globocare.com in
the Investors section of the website. The Compensation Committee works with the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
Officer and reviews and approves compensation decisions regarding senior management including compensation levels and equity incentive
awards. The Compensation Committee also approves employment and compensation agreements with our key personnel and directors. The Compensation
Committee has the power and authority to conduct or authorize studies, retain independent consultants, accountants or others, and obtain
unrestricted access to management, our internal auditors, human resources and accounting employees and all information relevant to its
responsibilities. 

The responsibilities of the Compensation Committee,
as stated in its charter, include the following: 

review and approve the Company s compensation
guidelines and structure; 

review and approve on an annual basis the corporate
goals and objectives with respect to compensation for the Chief Executive Officer; 

72 

review and approve on an annual basis the evaluation
process and compensation structure for the Company s other officers, including salary, bonus, incentive and equity compensation;
and 

periodically review and make recommendations
to the Board of Directors regarding the compensation of non-management directors. 

The Compensation Committee is responsible for
developing the executive compensation philosophy and reviewing and recommending to the Board of Directors for approval all compensation
policies and compensation programs for the executive team. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

None of our executive officers currently serves,
or in the past year has served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive
officers on our board of directors or compensation committee. 

Code of Ethics 

We have a code of ethics that applies to all of
our employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer, and the Board.
A copy of this code is available in our employee handbook and under the About Us Code of Conduct section of our
website at www.avalon-globocare.com. In addition, we intend to post on our website all disclosures that are required by law or the listing
standards of our applicable trading market concerning any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of the code. The reference to
our website address does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained at or available through our website, and
you should not consider it to be a part of this report. 

Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

Our directors and executive officers are indemnified
as provided by the Delaware law and our Bylaws. These provisions state that our directors may cause us to indemnify a director or former
director against all costs, charges and expenses, including an amount paid to settle an action or satisfy a judgment, actually and reasonably
incurred by him or her as a result of him or her acting as a director. The indemnification of costs can include an amount paid to settle
an action or satisfy a judgment. Such indemnification is at the discretion of our board of directors and is subject to the Securities
and Exchange Commission s policy regarding indemnification. 

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising
under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions,
or otherwise. We have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, such indemnification is against public
policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires
the Company s executive officers, directors, and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of a registered class of the
Company s equity securities, to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of the Company s
common stock. Such officers, directors, and persons are required by SEC regulation to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a)
forms that they file with the SEC. 

To our knowledge, based solely on review of the
copies of such reports and amendments to such reports with respect to the year ended December 31, 2022 filed with the SEC, all required
Section 16 reports under the Exchange Act for our directors, executive officers, principal accounting officer and beneficial owners
of greater than 10 of our common stock were filed on a timely basis during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

73 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Executive Officers Compensation 

The following table sets forth information concerning
all cash and non-cash compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operation
Officer during the last two (2) years. No other executive officer received compensation in excess of 100,000 during the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022. 

Summary Annual Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year 
 Salary 
 Stock Award 
 Option Awards 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Change in Pension Value and Non- Qualified 
 Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 

) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Dr. David Jin 
 2022 
 360,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 360,000 
 
 CEO 
 2021 
 360,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 360,000 
 
 Luisa Ingargiola 
 2022 
 350,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 350,000 
 
 CFO 
 2021 
 350,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 350,000 
 
 Meng Li 
 2022 
 340,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 340,000 
 
 COO 
 2021 
 340,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 340,000 

Employment Agreements 

David Jin 

On December 1, 2016, the Company entered into
an Executive Employment Agreement with David Jin, the Company s CEO and President. Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Jin was employed
as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company which agreement had a term initially through November 30, 2017 unless earlier
terminated pursuant to the terms of the agreement. On February 20, 2020, the Company entered into a Letter Agreement with Dr. Jin pursuant
to which the term of Dr. Jin s Executive Employment Agreement was extended an additional three years. 

During the term of the agreement, Mr. Jin is entitled
to a base salary and will be eligible for a discretionary performance bonus, equity awards and to participate in employee benefits plans
as the Company may institute from time to time at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors. On January 3, 2019, the Company
entered into a Letter Agreement with Dr. Jin, pursuant to which his annual base salary set forth in his employment agreement was increased
to 360,000 effective January 1, 2019. Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Jin may be terminated for cause as defined and Mr.
Jin may resign for good reason as defined. In the event Mr. Jin is terminated without cause or resigns for good reason,
the Company will be required to pay Mr. Jin all accrued salary and bonuses, reimbursement for all business expenses and Mr. Jin s
salary for one year. In the event Mr. Jin is terminated with cause, resigns without good reason, dies or is disabled, the Company will
be required to pay Mr. Jin all accrued salary and bonuses and reimbursement for all business expenses. Under the agreement Mr. Jin is
subject to confidentiality, non-compete and non-solicitation restrictions. 

74 

Meng Li 

On January 11, 2017, Avalon Shanghai entered into
an Executive Employment Agreement with Meng Li, the Company s COO and Secretary. Pursuant to the agreement, Ms. Li was employed
as Chief Operating Officer and President of Avalon Shanghai initially through November 30, 2019, unless earlier terminated pursuant to
the terms of the agreement. On February 20, 2020, the Company entered into a Letter Agreement with Meng Li pursuant to which the term
of Ms. Li s Executive Employment Agreement entered between the Company subsidiary and Ms. Li dated January 11, 2017 was extended
an additional three years. 

During the term of the agreement, Ms. Li is be
entitled to a base salary and will be eligible for a discretionary performance bonus, equity awards and to participate in employee benefits
plans as the Avalon Shanghai may institute from time to time at the discretion of its Board of Directors. On January 3, 2019, the Company
entered into a Letter Agreement with Ms. Li, pursuant to which her annual base salary set forth in her employment agreement was increased
to 340,000 effective January 1, 2019. Pursuant to the agreement, Ms. Li may be terminated for cause as defined and Ms.
Li may resign for good reason as defined. In the event Ms. Li is terminated without cause or resigns for good reason, Avalon
Shanghai will be required to pay Ms. Li all accrued salary and bonuses, reimbursement for all business expenses and Ms. Li s salary
for one year. In the event Ms. Li is terminated with cause, resigns without good reason, dies or is disabled, Avalon Shanghai will be
required to pay Ms. Li all accrued salary and bonuses and reimbursement for all business expenses. Under the agreement Ms. Li is subject
to confidentiality, non-compete and non-solicitation restrictions. 

Luisa Ingargiola 

On February 21, 2017, Ms. Ingargiola and the Company
entered into an Executive Retention Agreement effective February 9, 2017 pursuant to which Ms. Ingargiola agreed to serve as Chief Financial
Officer in consideration of an annual salary. On January 3, 2019, the Company entered into a Letter Agreement with Ms. Ingargiola, pursuant
to which her annual base salary set forth in her employment agreement was increased to 350,000 effective January 1, 2019. 

The employment of Ms. Ingargiola is at will and
may be terminated at any time, with or without formal cause. Pursuant to the terms of executive retention agreement with Ms. Ingargiola,
the Company has agreed to provide specified severance and bonus amounts and to accelerate the vesting on their equity awards upon termination
upon a change of control or an involuntary termination, as each term is defined in the agreements. 

In the event of a termination upon a change of
control, Ms. Ingargiola is entitled to receive an amount equal to 12 months of her base salary and the target bonus then in effect for
the executive officer for the year in which such termination occurs, such bonus payment to be pro-rated to reflect the full number of
months the executive remained in the Company s employ. In addition, the vesting on any stock option held by the executive officer
will be accelerated in full. At the election of the executive officer, the Company will also continue to provide health related employee
insurance coverage for twelve months, at the Company s expense. 

75 

In the event of an involuntary termination, Ms.
Ingargiola is entitled to receive an amount equal to six months of her base salary and the target bonus then in effect for the executive
officer for the six months in which such termination occurs, such bonus payment to be pro-rated to reflect the full number of months the
executive remained in the Company s employ. Such payment will be increased to 12 months upon the one-year anniversary of the retention
agreement. In addition, the vesting on any stock option held by the executive officer will be accelerated in full. At the election of
the executive officer, the Company will also continue to provide health related employee insurance coverage for twelve months, at the
Company s expense. 

Option Exercises and Stock Vested 

There were no options exercised by our executive
officers or stock vested to our executive officers during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Outstanding Equity Awards 

The following table sets forth information with
respect to the outstanding equity awards of our principal executive officers and principal financial officer during 2022, and each person
who served as an executive officer of the Company as of December 31, 2022: 

Outstanding
 Equity Awards 

Option
 Awards 

Stock
 Awards 

Name
 and principal position 

Number
 of 
 securities 
 underlying 
 unexercised 
 options 
 Exercisable 
 (#) 

Number
 of 
 securities 
 underlying 
 unexercised 
 options 
 Unexercisable 
 (#) 

Equity 
 incentive 
 plan 
 awards: 
 Number of 
 securities 
 underlying 
 unexercised 
 options 
 (#) 

Options 
 exercise 
 price 
 ) 

Option 
 expiration 
 Date 

Number
 of 
 shares 
 or 
 units of 
 stock 
 that 
 have not 
 vested 
 (#) 

Market 
 value of 
 shares 
 or 
 units of 
 stock 
 that 
 have 
 not 
 vested 
 ) 

Equity 
 incentive 
 plan 
 awards: 
 Number 
 of 
 unearned 
 shares, 
 units or 
 other 
 rights 
 that have 
 not 
 vested 
 (#) 

Equity 
 incentive 
 plan 
 awards: 
 Market 
 or 
 payout 
 value 
 of 
 unearned 
 shares, 
 units 
 or other 
 rights 
 that 
 have not 
 vested 
 ) 

Luisa Ingargiola, CFO 

240,000 

- 

240,000 

5.0 

2/8/2027 

- 

- 

- 

- 

15.2 

2/18/2030 

David Jin, CEO 

55,000 

- 

55,000 

20.0 

1/2/2024 

- 

- 

- 

- 

15.2 

2/18/2030 

Meng Li, COO 

45,000 

- 

45,000 

20.0 

1/2/2024 

- 

- 

- 

- 

15.2 

2/18/2030 

76 

No Pension Benefits 

The Company does not maintain any plan that provides
for payments or other benefits to its executive officers at, following or in connection with retirement and including, without limitation,
any tax-qualified defined benefit plans or supplemental executive retirement plans. 

No Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 

The Company does not maintain any defined contribution
or other plan that provides for the deferral of compensation on a basis that is not tax-qualified. 

Director Compensation 

Name 
 Fees 
 Earned or Paid in 
 Cash 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 Option 
 Awards 
 Non-equity 
 Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Change
 in Pension Value and Non- Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings
 
 All
 Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Yue (Charles) Li (1) 
 60,000 
 - 
 31,667 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 91,667 
 
 Yancen Lu (2) 
 70,000 
 - 
 31,667 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 101,667 
 
 Wilbert Tauzin (3) 
 - 
 - 
 94,890 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 94,890 
 
 Wenzhao Lu 
 100,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 100,000 
 
 David Jin 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Meng Li (4) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Steven Sanders (5) 
 70,000 
 - 
 55,274 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 125,274 
 
 Tevi Troy (6) 
 60,000 
 - 
 55,274 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 115,274 
 
 William Stilley (7) 
 70,000 
 - 
 55,274 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 125,274 

(1) Mr. Li s 2022 compensation consisted of cash of 60,000
and 8,000 options vested and valued at 31,667. Mr. Li resigned as a director on December 30, 2022. 

(2) Mr. Lu s 2022 compensation consisted of cash of 70,000
and 8,000 options vested and valued at 31,667. Mr. Lu resigned as a director on December 30, 2022. 

(3) Mr. Tauzin s 2022 compensation consisted of 200,000 options
vested and valued at 94,890. 

(4) Ms. Li resigned as a director on December 30, 2022. 

(5) Mr. Sanders s 2022 compensation consisted of cash of 70,000
and 8,000 options vested and valued at 55,274. 

(6) Mr. Troy s 2022 compensation consisted of cash of 60,000
and 8,000 options vested and valued at 55,274. 

(7) Mr. Stilley s 2022 compensation consisted of cash of 70,000
and 8,000 options vested and valued at 55,274. 

77 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance
with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. In accordance with SEC rules,
shares of our common stock which may be acquired upon exercise of stock options or warrants which are currently exercisable or which become
exercisable within 60 days of the date of the applicable table below are deemed beneficially owned by the holders of such options and
warrants and are deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of ownership of such person, but are not treated as outstanding
for the purpose of computing the percentage of ownership of any other person. Subject to community property laws, where applicable, the
persons or entities named in the tables below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock indicated
as beneficially owned by them. 

The following table sets forth certain information,
as of March 29, 2023 with respect to the beneficial ownership of the outstanding common stock by (i) any holder of more than five (5 percent; (ii) each of our executive officers and directors; and (iii) our directors and executive officers as a group. The numbers below
reflect a 1:10 reverse stock split implemented on January 5, 2023. Except as otherwise indicated, each of the stockholders listed below
has sole voting and investment power over the shares beneficially owned. 

Name
 of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Common
 Stock 
 Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage
 of 
 Common Stock (2) 
 
 Wenzhao Lu (3) 
 3,733,788 
 33.6 
 
 David Jin, MD, PhD (4) 
 1,600,000 
 14.4 
 
 Meng Li (5) 
 560,000 
 5.0 
 
 Luisa Ingargiola (6) 
 240,000 
 2.2 
 
 Steven A. Sanders (7) 
 33,000 

Wilbert J. Tauzin II (8) 
 65,000 

William B. Stilley III (9) 
 33,000 

Tevi Troy (10) 
 33,000 

Lourdes Felix (11) 
 3,803 

All officers and directors as a group (9 persons) 
 6,301,591 
 56.8 
 
 Shareholder owning 5 or more: 

FSUNSHINE TRADING PTE LTD 
 573,646 
 5.2 

Officer and/or director of our company. 

Less than 1.0 . 

(1) 
 Except as otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner is c/o Avalon GloboCare Corp., 4400 Route 9 South, Suite 3100, Freehold, New Jersey 07728. 
 
 (2) 
 Applicable percentage ownership is based on 10,164,307 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 29, 2023, together with securities exercisable or convertible into shares of common stock within 60 days of March 29, 2023 for each stockholder. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of March 29, 2023 are deemed to be beneficially owned by the person holding such securities for the purpose of computing the percentage of ownership of such person, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 
 
 (3) 
 Wenzhao Lu holds (i) 3,583,788 shares of common stock and (ii) 150,000 vested options to acquire 150,000 shares of common stock of our company. 
 
 (4) 
 David Jin holds (i) 1,545,000 shares of common stock and (ii) 55,000 vested options to acquire 55,000 shares of common stock of our company. 

78 

(5) 
 Meng Li holds (i) 515,000 shares of common stock and (ii) 45,000 vested options to acquire 45,000 shares of common stock of our company. 
 
 (6) 
 Represents 240,000 vested options to acquire 240,000 shares of common stock of our company. 
 
 (7) 
 Represents stock option to acquire 33,000 shares of common stock of our company, which included 2,000 shares to be vested within 60 days. 
 
 (8) 
 Represents stock option to acquire 65,000 shares of common stock of our company, which included 1,000 shares to be vested within 60 days. 
 
 (9) 
 Represents stock option to acquire33,000 shares of common stock of our company, which included 2,000 shares to be vested within 60 days. 
 
 (10) 
 Represents stock option to acquire 33,000 shares of common stock of our company, which included 2,000 shares to be vested within 60 days. 
 
 (11) 
 Represents stock option to acquire 3,803 shares of common stock of our company. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Rental
Revenue from Related Party and Rent Receivable Related Party 

The Company leases space of its commercial real
property located in New Jersey to a company, D.P. Capital Investments LLC, which is controlled by Wenzhao Lu, the Company s largest
shareholder and chairman of the Board of Directors. The term of the related party lease agreement is five years commencing on May 1, 2021
and will expire on April 30, 2026. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the related party rental revenue amounted to 50,400 and 33,600, respectively, and has been included in real property rental on
the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

The related party rent receivable totaled 74,100 and
 33,600, respectively, and no allowance for doubtful accounts was deemed to be required on rent receivable related party
at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Medical Related Consulting
Services Revenue from Related Party 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
medical related consulting services revenue from related party was as follows: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Medical related consulting services provided to: 

Hebei Daopei 
 - 
 187,412 

- 
 187,412 

Hebei Daopei is a subsidiary of an entity whose chairman is
Wenzhao Lu, the largest shareholder of the Company. 

Services
Provided by Related Party 

From time to time, Wilbert Tauzin, a director
of the Company, and his son provide consulting services to the Company. As compensation for professional services provided, the Company
recognized consulting expenses of 144,064 and 216,169 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which
have been included in professional fees on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

79 

Accrued Liabilities and Other Payables 
Related Parties 

In 2017,
the Company acquired Beijing Genexosome for a cash payment of 450,000. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the unpaid acquisition consideration
of 100,000, was payable to Dr. Yu Zhou, former director and former co-chief executive officer and 40 owner of Genexosome, and has
been included in accrued liabilities and other payables related parties on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, 0 and 368,433 of accrued and unpaid interest related to borrowings from Wenzhao Lu, the Company s
largest shareholder and chairman of the Board of Directors, respectively, have been included in accrued liabilities and other payables
 related parties on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

Borrowings from Related Party 

Promissory Note 

On March 18, 2019, the
Company issued Wenzhao Lu, the Company s largest shareholder and Chairman of the Board of Directors, a Promissory Note in the principal
amount of 1,000,000 Promissory Note in consideration of cash in the amount of 1,000,000. The Promissory Note accrues
interest at the rate of 5 per annum and matures March 19, 2022. In March 2022, the Company and Wenzhao Lu entered into a Loan Extension
and Modification Agreement (the Extension to extend the maturity date to March 19, 2024.The Company repaid principal of
 410,000, 200,000 and 390,000 in the third quarter of 2019, second quarter of 2020 and second quarter of 2022, respectively. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding principal balance was 0 and 390,000, respectively. 

Line of Credit 

On August
29, 2019, the Company entered into a Line of Credit Agreement (the Line of Credit Agreement providing the Company with
a 20 million line of credit (the Line of Credit from Wenzhao Lu (the Lender ), the largest shareholder
and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company. The Line of Credit allows the Company to request loans thereunder and to use the
proceeds of such loans for working capital and operating expense purposes until the facility matures on December 31, 2024. The loans
are unsecured and are not convertible into equity of the Company. Loans drawn under the Line of Credit bears interest at an annual rate
of 5 and each individual loan will be payable three years from the date of issuance. The Company has a right to draw down on the
line of credit and not at the discretion of the related party Lender. The Company may, at its option, prepay any borrowings under the
Line of Credit, in whole or in part at any time prior to maturity, without premium or penalty. The Line of Credit Agreement includes customary
events of default. If any such event of default occurs, the Lender may declare all outstanding loans under the Line of Credit to be due
and payable immediately. 

In the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
activity recorded for the Line of Credit is summarized in the following table: 

Outstanding principal under the Line of Credit at January 1, 2021 
 3,200,000 
 
 Draw down from Line of Credit 
 2,550,262 
 
 Settlement of Line of Credit in shares 
 (3,000,000 
 
 Outstanding principal under the Line of Credit at December 31, 2021 
 2,750,262 
 
 Draw down from Line of Credit 
 100,000 
 
 Repayment of Line of Credit 
 (410,000 
 
 Settlement of Line of Credit in shares 
 (2,440,262 
 
 Outstanding principal under the Line of Credit at December 31, 2022 
 - 

For the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the interest expense related to above borrowings amounted to 79,898 and 200,477, respectively,
and has been reflected as interest expense related party on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss. 

80 

As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the related accrued and unpaid interest for above borrowings was 0 and 368,433, respectively, and has been included
in accrued liabilities and other payables related parties on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

Common Shares Sold
to Related Party for Cash 

On August 5, 2022, the Company sold 44,872 shares
of its common stock at a purchase price of 7.8 per share, the fair market value on transaction date, to Wenzhao Lu pursuant to a subscription
agreement. The Company received proceeds of 350,000 . 

Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock Sold to Related Party for Cash 

On December 14, 2022,
the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Wenzhao Lu, the Company s Chairman of the Board, pursuant to which
the Company sold to Mr. Lu 4,000 shares of its Series A Preferred Stock, stated value 1,000, for the gross proceeds of 4,000,000. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Marcum LLP served as our independent auditors
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Aggregate fees billed to the Company for professional
services rendered by Marcum LLP during the last two years were as follows: 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Audit Fees 

196,473 

223,229 

Audit Related Fees 

- 

- 

Tax Fees 

- 

- 

All Other Fees 

- 

- 

Totals 

196,473 

223,229 

AUDIT FEES. Consists of fees billed for professional
services rendered for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements, review of the Form 10-K, and review of the interim consolidated
financial statements included in quarterly reports, and services that are normally provided by our independent auditors in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements, including registration statements. 

AUDIT-RELATED FEES. Consists of fees billed for
assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit and or review of our consolidated financial
statements and are not reported under Audit Fees , such as audits and reviews in connection with acquisitions. 

TAX FEES. Consists of fees billed for professional
services for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

ALL OTHER FEES. Consists of fees for products
and services other than the services reported above. There were no management consulting services provided in 2022 or 2021. 

POLICY ON AUDIT COMMITTEE PRE-APPROVAL OF AUDIT
AND PERMISSIBLE NON-AUDIT SERVICES OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 

The current policy of the directors, acting as
the audit committee, is to approve the appointment of the principal auditing firm and any permissible audit-related services. The audit
and audit related fees include fees for the annual audit of the financial statements and review of financial statements included in Form
10-Q filings. Fees charged by the auditor were approved by the Board with engagement letters signed by the audit committee chairman. 

The Audit Committee is responsible for the pre-approval
of audit and permitted non-audit services to be performed by the Company s independent auditor. The Audit Committee will, on an
annual basis, consider and, if appropriate, approve the provision of audit and non-audit services by the auditor. Thereafter, the Audit
Committee will, as necessary, consider and, if appropriate, approve the provision of additional audit and non-audit services by the auditor
which are not encompassed by the Audit Committee s annual pre-approval and are not prohibited by law. The Audit Committee has delegated
to the Chair of the Audit Committee the authority to pre-approve, on a case-by-case basis, non-audit services to be performed by the auditor.
The Audit Committee has approved all audit and permitted non-audit services performed by the auditor for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

81 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 

1.1 
 
 Open Market Sale Agreement SM , dated as of December 13, 2019, by and between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and Jefferies LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 13, 2019) 

2.1 
 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated November 7, 2022, by and among the Registrant, Laboratory Services MSO, LLC, SCBC Holdings LLC, Avalon Laboratory Services, Inc., The Zoe Family Trust, Bryan Cox and Sarah Cox (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2022). 

2.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated February 9, 2023 by and among the Registrant, Laboratory Services MSO, LLC, SCBC Holdings LLC, Avalon Laboratory Services, Inc., the Zoe Family Trust, Bryan Cox and Sarah Cox (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2023). 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2018) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of Avalon GloboCare Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 4, 2023). 

3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2018) 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2022). 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2023). 

4.1 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement by and between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and the December 2016 Accredited Investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 21, 2016) 

4.2 
 
 Stock Option issued to Luisa Ingargiola dated February 21, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 21, 2017) 

4.3 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement by and between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and the March 2017 Accredited Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 7, 2017) 

4.4 
 
 Share Subscription Agreement between Avalon GloboCare Corp., Avalon (Shanghai) Healthcare Technology Co., Ltd., Beijing DOING Biomedical Technology Co., Ltd. and Daron Liang (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 7, 2017) 

82 

4.5 
 
 Warranty
 Agreement by and between Lu Wenzhao and Beijing DOING Biomedical Technology Co., Ltd., dated February 27, 2017 (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 7,
 2017) 

4.6 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and the October 2017 Accredited Investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 26, 2017) 

4.7 
 
 Form of Warrant to Boustead Securities, LLC in connection with the private placements (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 27, 2018) 

4.8 
 
 Form of Warrant (April 2019) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2019) 

4.9 
 
 Description of Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

4.10 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement by and between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and Wenzhao Daniel Lu dated August 5, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2022). 

4.11 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement by and between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and Emma Li Xu Qingbo dated August 5, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2022). 

10.1 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement dated as of October 19, 2016 by and among Avalon Healthcare System, Inc., the shareholders of Avalon Healthcare System, Inc. and Avalon GloboCare Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 19, 2016) 

10.2 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, effective December 1, 2016, by and between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and David Jin (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 2, 2016) 

10.3 
 
 Agreement
 of Sale by and between Freehold Craig Road Partnership and Avalon GloboCare Corp., dated December 22, 2016
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
 December 23, 2016) 

10.4 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement by and between Avalon (Shanghai) Healthcare Technology Ltd. and Meng Li, dated January 11, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 11, 2017) 

10.5 
 
 Executive
 Retention Agreement by and between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and Luisa Ingargiola, dated February 21, 2017 (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 21,
 2017) 

10.6 
 
 Indemnification Agreement by and between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and Luisa Ingargiola, dated February 21, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 21, 2017) 

83 

10.7 
 
 Director Agreement by and between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and Steven P. Sukel dated April 28, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 28, 2017) 

10.8 
 
 Director Agreement by and between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and Yancen Lu dated April 28, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 28, 2017) 

10.9 
 
 Consultation Service Contract between Daopei Investment Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. and Avalon HealthCare System Inc. dated April 1, 2016 (English translation) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 7, 2017) 

10.10 
 
 Consultation Service Contract between Hebei Yanda Ludaopei Hospital Co., Ltd and Avalon HealthCare System Inc. dated April 1, 2016 (English translation) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 7, 2017) 

10.11 
 
 Consultation Service Contract between Nanshan Memorial Stem Cell Biotechnology Co., Ltd. and Avalon HealthCare System Inc. dated April 1, 2016 (English translation) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 7, 2017) 

10.12 
 
 Loan Agreement between Lotus Capital Overseas Limited and Avalon (Shanghai) Healthcare Technology Co., Ltd. dated April 19, 2017 (English translation) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 14, 2017) 

10.13 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and Genexosome Technologies Inc. dated October 25, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 26, 2017) 

10.14 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement between Genexosome Technologies Inc. and Yu Zhou dated October 25, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 26, 2017) 

10.15 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement between Genexosome Technologies Inc., Beijing Jieteng (Genexosome) Biotech Co. Ltd. and Yu Zhou dated October 25, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 26, 2017) 

10.16 
 
 Executive Retention Agreement between Genexosome Technologies Inc. and Yu Zhou dated October 25, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 26, 2017) 

10.17 
 
 Invention Assignment, Confidentiality, Non-Compete and Non-Solicit Agreement between Genexosome Technologies Inc. and Yu Zhou dated October 25, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 26, 2017) 

10.18 
 
 Director Agreement by and between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and Wilbert J. Tauzin II dated November 1, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 7, 2017) 

10.19 
 
 Agreement between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and Tauzin Consultants, LLC dated November 1, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 7, 2017) 

84 

10.20 
 
 Letter Agreement by and between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and David Jin dated April 3, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 4, 2018) 

10.21 
 
 Letter Agreement by and between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and Meng Li dated April 3, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 4, 2018) 

10.22 
 
 Advisory Service Contract between Ludaopei Hematology Research Institute Co., Ltd. and Avalon (Shanghai) Healthcare Technology Co., Ltd. dated April 1, 2018 (English translation) (incorporated by reference to that Form S-1 Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 19, 2018) 

10.23 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement by and between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and the April 2018 Accredited Investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 18, 2018) 

10.24 
 
 Supplementary Agreement Related to Share Subscription by and between Avalon GloboCare Corp., Avalon (Shanghai) Healthcare Technology Co., Ltd., Beijing DOING Biomedical Technology Co., Ltd. and Daron Liang dated April 23, 2018 (English translation) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2018) 

10.25 
 
 Loan Extension Agreement between Lotus Capital Overseas Limited and Avalon (Shanghai) Healthcare Technology Co., Ltd. dated May 3, 2018 (English translation) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 11, 2018) 

10.26 
 
 Director Agreement by and between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and Tevi Troy dated June 4, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 6, 2018) 

10.27 
 
 Joint Venture Agreement by and between Avalon (Shanghai) Healthcare Technology Co., Ltd. and Jiangsu Unicorn Biological Technology Co., Ltd. dated May 29, 2018 (English translation) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 6, 2018) 

10.28 
 
 Director Agreement by and between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and William Stilley, III dated July 5, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 10, 2018) 

10.29 
 
 Director Agreement by and between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and Steven A. Sanders dated July 30, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 31, 2018) 

10.30 
 
 Loan Extension Agreement between Lotus Capital Overseas Limited and Avalon (Shanghai) Healthcare Technology Co., Ltd. dated August 3, 2018 (English translation) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 7, 2018) 

10.31 
 
 Strategic Partnership Agreement between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and Weill Cornell Medical College of Cornell University dated August 6, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 7, 2018) 

85 

10.32 
 
 Equity Joint Venture Agreement by and between Avactis Biosciences, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Avalon GloboCare Corp., and Arbele Limited for the establishment of AVAR (China) BioTherapeutics Ltd. dated October 23, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 29, 2018) 

10.33 
 
 Letter Agreement by and between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and David Jin dated January 3, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 4, 2019) 

10.34 
 
 Letter Agreement by and between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and Luisa Ingargiola dated January 3, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 4, 2019) 

10.35 
 
 Letter Agreement by and between Avalon (Shanghai) Healthcare Technology Co. Ltd. and Meng Li dated January 3, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 4, 2019) 

10.36 
 
 Promissory Note issued to Daniel Lu dated Mach 18, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 22, 2019) 

10.37 
 
 Director Agreement by and between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and Meng Li dated April 5, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 8, 2019) 

10.38 
 
 Director Agreement by and between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and Yue Charles Li dated April 5, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 8, 2019) 

10.39 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated April 25, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2019) 

10.40 
 
 Revolving Line of Credit Agreement dated as of August 29, 2019 between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and Wenzhao Daniel Lu dated August 29, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 3, 2019) 

10.41 
 
 Form of Warrant Redemption and Cancellation Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 21, 2019) 

10.42 
 
 Letter Agreement by and between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and David Jin dated February 20, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 24, 2020) 

10.43 
 
 Letter Agreement by and between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and Meng Li dated February 20, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 24, 2020) 

10.44 
 
 Letter Agreement by and between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and Luisa Ingargiola dated February 20, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 24, 2020) 

10.45 
 
 Debt Settlement Agreement and Release between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and Wenzhao Daniel Lu (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 22, 2021) 

86 

10.46 
 
 Corporate Research Agreement between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and the University of Pittsburgh of the Commonwealth System of Higher Education dated July 8, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 14, 2021) 

10.47 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated March 28, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2022). 

10.48 
 
 Form of Convertible Note March 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.48 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2022). 

10.49 
 
 Loan Extension and Modification Agreement between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and Wenzhao Lu dated March 28, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 of the Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2022). 

10.50 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, by and between Laboratory Services MSO, LLC and Sarah Cox. 

10.51 
 
 Form of Warrant March 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 29, 2022). 

10.52 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Equity Joint Venture Agreement entered between Avalon GloboCare Corp., Avactis Biosciences Inc., Arbele Limited and Arbele Biotherapeutics Limited dated April 6, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.53 of the Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 11, 2022). 

10.53 
 
 Letter Agreement between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and Fsunshine Trading PTE. Ltd. dated June 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 8, 2022). 

10.54 
 
 Debt Settlement Agreement and Release between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and Wenzhao Daniel Lu dated July 25, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 27, 2022). 

10.55 
 
 Conversion Agreement between Avalon GloboCare Corp. and Fsunshine Trading PTE. Ltd. Dated July 25, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 27, 2022). 

10.56 
 
 Form of Balloon Promissory Note issued to S P Principal LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2022). 

10.57 
 
 Form of Mortgage and Security Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2022). 

10.58 
 
 Form of Guaranty (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2022). 

10.59 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement for the purchase of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 8, 2022). 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 20, 2018) 

87 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Accounting Firm 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a)
and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a)
and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
herewith 

This certification will not be deemed filed 
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability
of that section. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent specifically incorporated by reference into such filing. 

Management
contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

88 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized. 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. 

Dated: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ David K. Jin 

Name: 
 David K. Jin 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Luisa
 Ingargiola 

Name: 
 Luisa Ingargiola 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report
has been signed below by the following persons on March 30, 2023, on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/ David K. Jin 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 
 
 David K. Jin 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Luisa
 Ingargolia 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Luisa Ingargolia 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting
 Officer) 

/s/ Wenzhao
 Lu 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Wenzhao Lu 

/s/ Meng Li 
 
 Chief Operating Officer and Secretary 
 
 Meng Li 

/s/ Steven
 A. Sanders 
 
 Director 
 
 Steven A. Sanders 

/s/ Lourdes
 Felix 
 
 Director 
 
 Lourdes Felix 

/s/ Wilbert
 J. Tauzin II 
 
 Director 
 
 Wilbert J. Tauzin II 

/s/ William
 B. Stilley III 
 
 Director 
 
 William B. Stilley III 

/s/ Tevi Troy 
 
 Director 
 
 Tevi Troy 

89 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB No. F-2 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets - As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss - For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity - For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Avalon GloboCare Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheet of Avalon GloboCare Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive loss , changes in equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31,
2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its
operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated
financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 2
the Company has a significant working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet
its obligations and sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going
concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the
current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that:
(1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective,
or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

, NY 

March 30, 2023 

F- 2 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash 

Rent receivable 

Rent receivable - related party 

Other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

NON-CURRENT ASSETS: 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Property and equipment, net 

Investment in real estate, net 

Equity method investment 

Advances for equity interest purchase 
 
 - 
 
 Other non-current assets 

Total Non-current Assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accrued professional fees 

Accrued research and development fees 

Accrued payroll liability and directors compensation 

Accrued litigation settlement 
 
 -

Accrued liabilities and other payables 

Accrued liabilities and other payables - related parties 

Operating lease obligation 

Note payable - related party 
 -

Total Current Liabilities 

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Operating lease obligation - noncurrent portion 
 -

Accrued litigation settlement - noncurrent portion 
 
 -

Note payable, net 
 
 -

Loan payable - related party 
 -

Total Non-current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 20) 

EQUITY: 

Preferred stock, 0.0001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized; 

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Liquidation preference million at December 31, 2022

-

Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, par value; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022; shares issued and shares outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Less: common stock held in treasury, at cost; 

shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Accumulated deficit 

Statutory reserve 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss - foreign currency translation adjustment 

Total Avalon GloboCare Corp. stockholders equity 

Non-controlling interest 
 -
 
 -

Total Equity 

Total Liabilities and Equity 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

REVENUES 

Real property rental 

Medical related consulting services - related party 
 -

Total Revenues 

COSTS AND EXPENSES 

Real property operating expenses 

Medical related consulting services - related party 
 - 

Total Costs and Expenses 

GROSS PROFIT 

Real property operating income 

Gross profit from medical related consulting services 
 -

Total Gross Profit 

OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Advertising and marketing 

Professional fees 

Compensation and related benefits 

Research and development expenses 

Litigation settlement 
 
 -

Other general and administrative 

Total Other Operating Expenses 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER (EXPENSE) INCOME 

Interest expense- amortization of debt discount and debt issuance cost 
 
 -

Interest expense- other 
 
 -

Interest expense - related party 

Conversion inducement expense 
 
 -

Loss from equity method investment 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 
 
 -

Other income 

Total Other Expense, net 

LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

INCOME TAXES 
 -
 
 -

NET LOSS 

LESS: NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST 
 -
 
 -

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. COMMON SHAREHOLDERS 

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS: 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. COMMON SHAREHOLDERS 

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 

Unrealized foreign currency translation (loss) gain 

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

LESS: COMPREHENSIVE LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST 
 -
 
 -

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. COMMON SHAREHOLDERS 

NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. COMMON SHAREHOLDERS: 

Basic and diluted

WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING: 

Basic and diluted

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Avalon
 GloboCare Corp. Stockholders Equity 

Series
 A Preferred Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 
 Treasury
 Stock 

Accumulated 

Number of 
 
 Number of 
 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Number of 
 
 Accumulated 
 Statutory 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Non- 
 controlling 
 Total 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 Reserve 
 Loss 
 Interest 
 Equity 

Balance, January 1, 2021 
 - 
 - 

- 

Sale of common stock, net 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for settlement of accrued
 professional fees 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for settlement of loan payable
 - related party 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for services 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

- 

Sale of common stock, net 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Warrants issued with convertible debt offering 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Conversion of convertible note payable and accrued
 interest into common stock 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Reclassification of derivative liability to equity 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for settlement of loan payable
 and accrued interest - related party 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Sale of common stock - related party 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Sale of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for services 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Shares issued for adjustments for 1:10 reverse split 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

- 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to 

net cash used in operating activities: 

Bad debt provision 

Depreciation 

Change in straight-line rent receivable 

Amortization of right-of-use asset 

Stock-based compensation and service expense 

Loss on equity method investment 

Loss on impairment of equipment held for sale 
 
 -

Amortization of debt discount 
 
 -

Amortization of debt issuance costs 
 
 -

Conversion inducement expense 
 
 -

Change in fair market value of derivative liability 
 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Rent receivable 

Rent receivable - related party 

Security deposit 

Deferred leasing costs 

Other assets 

Accrued liabilities and other payables 

Accrued liabilities and other payables - related parties 

Operating lease obligation 

NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Improvement of commercial real estate 
 -

Additional investment in equity method investment 

Payments for equity interest purchase 
 
 -

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Repayments of note payable - related party 
 
 -

Proceeds from loan payable - related party 

Repayments of loan payable - related party 
 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of convertible debt and warrants 
 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of balloon promissory note 
 
 -

Payments of debt issuance costs 
 
 -

Proceeds from equity offering 

Disbursements for equity offering costs 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible preferred stock 
 
 -

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE ON CASH 

NET INCREASE IN CASH 

CASH - beginning of year 

CASH - end of year 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 
 
 -

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Common stock issued for future services 
 -

Common stock issued for accrued liabilities 

Deferred financing costs in accrued liabilities 
 -

Accrued professional fees relieved for shares issued 
 -

Warrants issued with convertible note payable recorded as debt discount 
 
 -

Bifurcated embedded conversion feature recorded as derivative liability and debt discount 
 
 -

Conversion of convertible note payable and accrued interest into common stock 
 
 -

Reclassification of derivative liability to equity 
 
 -

Related party loan and accrued interest settled in shares 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 6 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of the outstanding securities of AHS in exchange for shares of the Company s common stock (the
 AHS Acquisition ). AHS was incorporated on May 18, 2015 under the laws of the State of Delaware. 

of the capital stock of Avalon Shanghai, which is a wholly foreign-owned enterprise organized under
the laws of the People s Republic of China PRC ). Avalon Shanghai was incorporated on April 29, 2016 and was engaged
in medical related consulting services for customers. Due to the winding down of the medical related consulting services in 2022, the
Company decided to cease all operations of Avalon Shanghai and no longer has any material revenues or expenses in Avalon Shanghai. As
a result, Avalon Shanghai is no longer an operating entity. 

. 

of Avactis
and Arbele Biotherapeutics Limited Arbele Biotherapeutics owns of Avactis. Avactis owns of the capital stock
of Avactis Nanjing Biosciences Ltd., a company incorporated in the People s Republic of China on May 8, 2020 Avactis Nanjing ),
which only owns a patent and is not considered an operating entity. 

F- 7 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF
OPERATIONS (continued) 

Avalon (BVI) Ltd. 
 Avalon BVI 

Avalon RT 9 Properties LLC 
 Avalon RT 9 

Avalon (Shanghai) Healthcare Technology Co., Ltd. 
 Avalon Shanghai 

Genexosome Technologies Inc. 
 Genexosome 

Avactis Biosciences Inc. 
 Avactis 

Avactis Nanjing Biosciences Ltd. 
 Avactis Nanjing 

International Exosome Association LLC 
 Exosome 

Avalon Laboratory Services, Inc. 

F- 8 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND GOING CONCERN CONDITION (continued) 

at December 31, 2022 and had incurred recurring net losses and generated negative
cash flow from operating activities of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively. The Company has
a limited operating history and its continued growth is dependent upon generating rental revenue from its income-producing real estate
property in New Jersey and obtaining additional financing to fund future obligations and pay liabilities arising from normal business
operations. In addition, the current cash balance cannot be projected to cover the operating expenses for the next twelve months from
the release date of this report. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company s ability to raise additional capital, implement
its business plan, and generate significant revenues. There are no assurances that the Company will be successful in its efforts to generate
significant revenues, maintain sufficient cash balance or report profitable operations or to continue as a going concern. The Company
plans on raising capital through the sale of equity to implement its business plan. However, there is no assurance these plans will be
realized and that any additional financings will be available to the Company on satisfactory terms and conditions, if any. 

F- 9 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

Gain from change in the fair value of derivative liability 

Reclassification of derivative liability to equity 

Balance of derivative liability as of December 31, 2022 
 -

China 

Total cash 

F- 10 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

shares of its Series A Preferred Stock, stated value , for the gross proceeds of (the Private Placement ),
which funds were recorded as advances for equity interest purchase at December 31, 2022 and were used to pay the cash purchase price for
the purchased interests of Laboratory Services MSO, LLC in February 2023. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, advances for equity interest
purchase amounted to and 0 , respectively. 

At
December 31, 2022, cash balances held in the PRC are RMB (approximately ), of which, RMB (approximately) was not covered by such limited insurance. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is not
exposed to any risks on its cash in bank accounts. 

. The Company manages this credit risk by concentrating its cash balances in high quality financial institutions and by periodically
evaluating the credit quality of the primary financial institutions holding such deposits. The Company has not experienced any losses
in such bank accounts and believes it is not exposed to any risks on its cash in bank accounts. At December 31, 2022, the Company s
cash and restricted cash balances in United States bank accounts had approximately in excess of the federally-insured
limits. 

and , of which and ,631were included in other current assets and 
and were included in other non-current assets, respectively. 

. 

F- 11 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

and
 , respectively, which were included in accrued liabilities and other payables on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets . 

F- 12 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

F- 13 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

and in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively . 

and , respectively . 

F- 14 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

Cash
flows from the Company s operations are calculated based upon the local currencies using the average translation rate. 

F- 15 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

Warrants to purchase common stock 
 
 -

Convertible note ) 
 
 -

Series A convertible preferred stock 
 
 -

Potentially dilutive securities 

per share. 

per share. 

of the equity interests of Genexosome, which is not under the Company s
control. Since the fourth quarter of 2019, the non-controlling interest has remained inactive. 

F- 16 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

F- 17 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Prepaid professional fees 

Deferred financing costs, net 

Recoverable VAT 

Deferred leasing costs 

Security deposit 

Equipment held for sale 
 
 -

Long-term straight-line rent receivable 

Others 

Total 

Current portion 

Non-current portion 

Total 

Years 

Office equipment and furniture 
 Years 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

and , respectively, of which, and
 was included in real property operating expenses, and was included in other operating expenses, and and 
was included in research and development expense, respectively. 

Years 

Improvement 
 Years 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

and , which was included in real
property operating expenses. 

F- 18 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and , respectively. The investment represents the Company s
subsidiary, Avalon Shanghai s interest in Epicon Biotech Co., Ltd. Epicon ). Epicon was incorporated on August 14,
2018 in PRC. Avalon Shanghai and the other unrelated company, Jiangsu Unicorn Biological Technology Co., Ltd. Unicorn ),
accounted for and of the total ownership, respectively. Epicon is focused on cell preparation, third party testing,
biological sample repository for commercial and scientific research purposes and the clinical transformation of scientific achievements. 

and , respectively,
which was included in loss from equity method investment in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Payment made for equity method investment 

Epicon s net loss attributable to the Company 

Foreign currency fluctuation 

Equity investment carrying amount at December 31, 2021 

Payment made for equity method investment 

Epicon s net loss attributable to the Company 

Foreign currency fluctuation 

Equity investment carrying amount at December 31, 2022 

Noncurrent assets 

Current liabilities 

Equity 

Net loss 

F- 19 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Tenants security deposit 

Accrued business expense reimbursement 

Accrued utilities 

Deferred rental income 

Accrued real property cleaning service fee 

Accrued equity offering costs 
 -

Taxes payable 

Others 

Total 

2022 Convertible Note ). In addition
to the 2022 Convertible Note, the investor also received a Stock Purchase Warrant 2022 Warrant to acquire an aggregate
of shares of common stock. The 2022 Warrant is exercisable for at an exercise price of . The
financing closed with respect to: 

of the financing on April 15, 2022, 

of the financing on April 29, 2022, 

of the financing on May 18, 2022, and 

of the financing on May 25, 2022. 

and
a 2022 Warrant to acquire shares of common stock dated April 15, 2022, a 2022 Convertible Note in the principal amount
of and a 2022 Warrant to acquire shares of common stock dated April 29, 2022, a 2022 Convertible Note in
the principal amount of and a 2022 Warrant to acquire shares of common stock dated May 18, 2022, and a 2022
Convertible Note in the principal amount of and a 2022 Warrant to acquire shares of common stock dated May
25, 2022. 

per annum payable at maturity and matures from issuance. The investor may
elect to convert all or part of the 2022 Convertible Note, plus accrued interest, at any time into shares of common stock of the Company
at a conversion price equal to of the average of the highest three trading prices for the common stock during the 20-trading
day period ending one trading day prior to the conversion date but in no event will the conversion price be lower than per
share. 

of the then
issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Further, the investor agreed to not sell or transfer any or all of the shares of common
stock underlying the 2022 Convertible Note or the 2022 Warrant for a period of 90 days beginning on the closing date (the Lock-Up
Period ). Following the expiration of the Lock-Up Period, the investor has agreed to limit its sale or transfer of such shares of
common stock to a maximum monthly amount equal to of the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the 2022 Convertible
Note. The Company agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to file a registration statement on Form S-3 (or other appropriate form) providing
for the resale by the investor of the shares of common stock underlying the 2022 Convertible Note and the 2022 Warrant. 

F- 20 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 9 CONVERTIBLE NOTE PAYABLE
(continued) 

, risk-free rate of - , annual dividend yield of and
expected life of years. 

, risk-free rate of - , annual dividend yield of 
and expected life of years. 

shares of the Company s common stock were treated as a discount on the convertible
note payable and were valued at and had been amortized over the term of the 2022 Convertible Note. Additionally, the fair
value of embedded conversion option at commitment dates, which was valued at , was recorded as a discount on the convertible
note payable and had been amortized over the term of the 2022 Convertible Note. Hence, in connection with the issuance of the 2022 Convertible
Note and 2022 Warrant, the Company recorded a total debt discount of , which had been amortized over the term of the convertible
note payable. 

and unpaid interest of into shares of common stock
of the Company at a per share price of (see Note 14 - Common Shares Issued for Debt Conversion). The Company recorded a conversion
inducement charge of as a result of the Conversion Agreement, representing the value of common stock issued upon conversion in
excess of the common stock issuable under the original terms of the 2022 Convertible Note. 

and
 , which have been included in interest expense amortization of debt discount and debt issuance cost and interest expense
 other, respectively, on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

at commitment dates, which was calculated using the following
assumptions: volatility of , risk-free rate of - , annual dividend yield of and expected life
of years. On July 25, 2022, the Company and the 2022 Convertible Note holder entered into a Conversion Agreement pursuant
to which the investor converted all of its Convertible Notes into shares of common stock of the Company. The
estimated fair value of the derivative feature of convertible debt was on July 25, 2022, which was computed using the following
assumptions: volatility of , risk-free rate of , annual dividend yield of and expected life of 
 years. 

F- 21 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 10 DERIVATIVE LIABILITY
(continued) 

in the derivative liability and the corresponding increase in other income as a gain for the year ended December
31, 2022. There was no derivative liability in the year ended December 31, 2021. 

which carries interest of
 per annum (the 2022 Note Payable ). Interest is due in monthly payments of beginning November 1, 2022 and payable
monthly thereafter until September 1, 2025 when the principal outstanding and all remaining interest is due. The 2022 Note Payable can
be extended for an additional 36 months provided that the Company has not defaulted. The Company may not prepay the 2022 Note Payable
for a period of 12 months. The 2022 Note Payable is secured by a first mortgage on the Company s real property located in Township
of Freehold, County of Monmouth, State of New Jersey, having a street address of 4400 Route 9 South, Freehold, NJ 07728. 

and the remaining unamortized debt issuance costs balance was . 

and , which have been included in interest expense amortization of debt discount and debt issuance cost and interest expense
 other, respectively, on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

and , respectively, and has been included in real property rental on
the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

and
 , respectively, and no allowance for doubtful accounts was deemed to be required on rent receivable related party
at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

-

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which
have been included in professional fees on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

F- 22 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 12 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
(continued) 

. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the unpaid acquisition consideration
of , was payable to Dr. Yu Zhou, former director and former co-chief executive officer and owner of Genexosome, and has
been included in accrued liabilities and other payables related parties on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

and of accrued and unpaid interest related to borrowings from Wenzhao Lu, the Company s
largest shareholder and chairman of the Board of Directors, respectively, have been included in accrued liabilities and other payables
 related parties on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

Promissory Note in consideration of cash in the amount of . The Promissory Note accrues
interest at the rate of per annum and matures March 19, 2022. In March 2022, the Company and Wenzhao Lu entered into a Loan Extension
and Modification Agreement (the Extension to extend the maturity date to .The Company repaid principal of
 , and in the third quarter of 2019, second quarter of 2020 and second quarter of 2022, respectively. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding principal balance was and , respectively. 

million line of credit (the Line of Credit from Wenzhao Lu (the Lender ), the largest shareholder
and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company. The Line of Credit allows the Company to request loans thereunder and to use the
proceeds of such loans for working capital and operating expense purposes until the facility matures on . The loans
are unsecured and are not convertible into equity of the Company. Loans drawn under the Line of Credit bears interest at an annual rate
of and each individual loan will be payable three years from the date of issuance. The Company has a right to draw down on the
line of credit and not at the discretion of the related party Lender. The Company may, at its option, prepay any borrowings under the
Line of Credit, in whole or in part at any time prior to maturity, without premium or penalty. The Line of Credit Agreement includes customary
events of default. If any such event of default occurs, the Lender may declare all outstanding loans under the Line of Credit to be due
and payable immediately. 

Draw down from Line of Credit 

Settlement of Line of Credit in shares 

Outstanding principal under the Line of Credit at December 31, 2021 

Draw down from Line of Credit 

Repayment of Line of Credit 

Settlement of Line of Credit in shares 

Outstanding principal under the Line of Credit at December 31, 2022 
 -

and , respectively,
and has been reflected as interest expense related party on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss. 

and , respectively, and has been included
in accrued liabilities and other payables related parties on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

F- 23 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 12 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
(continued) 

shares
of its common stock at a purchase price of per share, the fair market value on transaction date, to Wenzhao Lu pursuant to a subscription
agreement. The Company received proceeds of (See Note 14 Common Shares Sold for
Cash). 

shares of its Series A Preferred Stock, stated value , for the gross proceeds of (See
Note 14 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Sold for Cash). 

on income reported in the statutory financial statements
after appropriate tax adjustments. The Company has a cumulative deficit from its foreign subsidiary of as of December 31, 2022,
which is included in the consolidated accumulated deficit. 

China loss before income taxes 

Total loss before income taxes 

U.S. state and local 

China 

Total deferred income taxes (benefit) 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total income taxes expense 
 - 
 
 - 

F- 24 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 13 INCOME TAXES (continued) 

U.S. state rate 

Permanent difference 

Non-US rate differential 

True ups 

U.S. valuation allowance 

Total provision for income taxes 

Disallowed business interest deduction 
 - 

R D expenses 

Accrued directors compensation 

Accrued settlement 
 
 - 
 
 Lease liability 

Net operating loss carryforward 

Total deferred tax assets, gross 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets, net 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Fixed assets and intangible assets book/tax basis difference 

Right-of-use assets 
 - 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets 
 - 
 
 - 

and ,
respectively. 

that begin to expire in 2023. 

of the future utilization of the net operating loss carryforward to offset future taxable income
is subject to special tax rules which may limit their usage under IRS Section 382 (Change of Ownership) and possibly the Separate Return
Limitation Year SRLY rules. 

for failure to file a foreign entity tax disclosure. The Company
has appealed the penalty and awaits the Internal Revenue Service s review of the appeal. There is no assurance such appeal will
be successful. 

F- 25 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 13 INCOME TAXES (continued) 

shares of the Company s previously undesignated preferred stock
as Series A Preferred Stock. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall have a par value of per share and a stated value equal
to (the Series A Stated Value ). 

(9) month anniversary
of the Closing (the Initial Conversion Date ), at the option of the Series A Holder, into that number of shares of common
stock (subject to the limitations set forth in Series A Certificate of Designations, determined by dividing the Stated Value of such share
of Series A Preferred Stock by the Conversion Price (as defined below)). The Series A Holders may effect conversions by providing the
Company with the form of conversion notice attached as Annex A to the Series A Certificate of Designation. The Series A Holders may convert
such shares into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price per share equal to the greater of (i) ten dollars and (ii) ninety percent of the closing price of the Company s common stock on Nasdaq on the day prior to receipt of a conversion
notice (collectively, the Conversion Price ), subject to adjustment for stock splits and similar matters. In addition, following
the Initial Conversion Date, each Series A Holder agrees that it shall not be entitled to in any calendar month, sell a number of Series
A Conversion Shares into the open market in an amount exceeding more than ten percent of the number of Series A Conversion Shares
issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock then held by such Series A Holder. 

F- 26 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 14 EQUITY
(continued) 

Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock (continued) 

or more of the outstanding
common stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization
or recapitalization of the common stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the common stock is effectively converted into
or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates
a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization,
spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than fifty percent of the outstanding
shares of common stock (not including any shares of common stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated
or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a
 Fundamental Transaction ), then, the Series A Holder shall have the right to receive, for each conversion share that would
have been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation
set forth in the Series A Certificate of Designation on the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock), the number of shares of common
stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and/or any additional consideration
(the Alternate Consideration receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares
of common stock for which the Series A Preferred Stock is convertible immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard
to the limitations set forth in the Series A Certificate of Designation on the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock). For purposes
of any such conversion, the determination of the Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration
based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of common stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the
Company shall apportion the Conversion Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of
any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of common stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or
property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Series A Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon such Fundamental Transaction. 

F- 27 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 14 EQUITY
(continued) 

shares of the Company s previously undesignated preferred stock as Series B Preferred Stock. Each share of Series B
Preferred Stock shall have a par value of per share and a stated value equal to (the Series B Stated Value ). 

of the Series B Stated Value and no more,
in proportion to the full and preferential amount that all shares of the Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to receive. The Company
shall mail written notice of any such Liquidation not less than twenty (20) days prior to the payment date stated therein, to each Series
B Holder. 

, subject to the adjustments set forth in the Series B Certificate of Designation. Notwithstanding
the foregoing or the transactions contemplated by the Amended MIPA, until the consummation of the Lock Up Period, the Series B Holders
shall not, directly or indirectly, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any Series B Preferred Stock issued upon conversion of the Series
B Conversion Shares or pursuant to the Equity Earnout Payment (the Restricted Securities without Company s prior
written consent; provided, however, the Series B Holders may sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of Restricted Securities to an Affiliate,
as defined in the Amended MIPA, of a Series B Holder without Company s prior written consent; provided, further, that such Series
B Holder provide prompt written notice to Company of such transfer, including the name and contact information of the Affiliate transferee,
and such Affiliate transferee agrees in writing to be bound by the terms of the transaction documents contemplated by the Amended MIPA
to which the Series B Holder is a party (which agreement shall also be provided to Company with such notice). After the expiration of
the Lock Up Period, the Series B Holder agrees that it and any of its Affiliate transferees shall not be entitled to in any calendar month,
sell a number of shares of Company common stock into the open market in an amount exceeding more than ten percent of the total number
of shares of Company common stock issuable upon conversion of the Company common stock then held by the Seller and its Affiliates. 

F- 28 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 14 EQUITY
(continued) 

Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock (continued) 

or more of the outstanding common stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any
reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the common stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the common
stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in
one or more related transactions consummates a Fundamental Transaction, then, at the closing of such Fundamental Transaction, without
any action on the part of the Series B Holder, the Series B Holder shall have the right to receive, for each conversion share that would
have been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation
in the Series B Certificate of Designation on the conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock), the number of shares of common stock of
the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and/or any Alternate Consideration receivable
as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of common stock for which the Series B Preferred Stock
is convertible immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to the limitations set forth in the Series B Certificate
of Designation on the conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock). For purposes of any such conversion, the determination of the conversion
price of the Series B Preferred Stock shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of
Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of common stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion
the Conversion Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components
of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of common stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received
in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Series B Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon
such Fundamental Transaction. 

F- 29 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 14 EQUITY
(continued) 

Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock (continued) 

shares of Series A Preferred stock and received proceeds of . Each
share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at any time and from time to time from and after the later of (i) the date of
the stockholder approval, in accordance with the Nasdaq Stock Market Listing Rules, and (ii) the nine (9) month anniversary of the Closing
(the Initial Conversion Date ), at the option of the Series A Holder, into that number of shares of common stock (subject
to the limitations set forth in Series A Certificate of Designations, determined by dividing the Stated Value of such share of Series
A Preferred Stock by the Conversion Price). The Series A Holders may convert such shares into shares of the Company s common stock
at a conversion price per share equal to the greater of (i) ten dollars and (ii) ninety percent of the closing price of
the Company s common stock on Nasdaq on the day prior to receipt of a conversion notice (collectively, the Conversion Price ),
subject to adjustment for stock splits and similar matters. 

shares of common stock at an average price of per share to investors and
the Company recorded net proceeds of , net of commission and other offering costs of . During
the year ended December 31, 2021, Jefferies sold an aggregate of shares of common stock at an average price of per
share to investors and the Company recorded net proceeds of , net of commission and other offering costs of . 

shares
of its common stock at a purchase price of per share, the fair market value on transaction date, to Wenzhao Lu pursuant to a subscription
agreement. The Company received proceeds of (see Note 12 - Common Shares Sold to Related Party for Cash). 

shares
of its common stock at a purchase price of per share to an investor pursuant to a subscription agreement. The Company received proceeds
of . 

shares of its common stock for services rendered. These shares were valued at , the fair market
values on the grant dates using the reported closing share prices on the dates of grant, and the Company recorded stock-based compensation
expense of for the year ended December 31, 2022 and reduced accrued liabilities of . 

shares of its common stock for services rendered and to be rendered. These shares were valued at ,
the fair market values on the grant dates using the reported closing share prices on the dates of grant, and the Company recorded stock-based
compensation expense of for the year ended December 31, 2021 and reduced accrued liabilities of and recorded
prepaid expense of as of December 31, 2021 which will be amortized over the rest of corresponding service periods. 

F- 30 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 14 EQUITY
(continued) 

shares of its common stock to settle accrued and unpaid professional fees of . The shares
issued had a fair value of . 

and unpaid interest of into shares of
common stock of the Company at a per share price of (see Note 9). The Company recorded a conversion inducement charge of 
as a result of the Conversion Agreement, representing the value of common stock issued upon conversion in excess of the common stock issuable
under the original terms of the 2022 Convertible Note. 

million debt owed under the Line of Credit by issuance of the Company s shares of common stock (see Note 12
 Borrowings from Related Party Line of Credit ). The shares issued had a fair market value of million. 

F- 31 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 14 EQUITY
(continued) 

Options (continued) 

Granted 

Expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Options expected to vest 

and , respectively. 

- , risk-free rate of - , annual dividend yield of , and expected life of .00 - .00 years. The
aggregate fair value of the options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 was . 

- , risk-free rate of - , annual dividend yield of , and
expected life of - years. The aggregate fair value of the options granted during the year ended December 31, 2021 was . 

and , of which, and 
was recorded as compensation and related benefits, and was recorded as professional fees, and and was
recorded as research and development expenses, respectively. 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Vested 

Nonvested at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

Nonvested at December 31, 2022 

F- 32 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 14 EQUITY
(continued) 

2022 Convertible Note ). In addition to the 2022 Convertible Note,
the investor also received a Stock Purchase Warrant 2022 Warrant to acquire an aggregate of shares of
common stock. The 2022 Warrant is exercisable for at an exercise price of . 

, risk-free rate of - , annual dividend yield of and
expected life of years. The warrants issued to the investor to purchase shares of the Company s common
stock were treated as a discount on the convertible note payable and were valued at and had been amortized over the term
of the 2022 Convertible Note. 

Expired/exercised 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2022 

. 

of the after-tax net income determined in accordance with PRC GAAP until
the reserve is equal to of the entity s registered capital. Appropriations to the discretionary surplus reserve are made at
the discretion of the Board of Directors. The statutory reserve may be applied against prior year losses, if any, and may be used for
general business expansion and production or increase in registered capital, but are not distributable as cash dividends. The Company
did not make any appropriation to statutory reserve for Avalon Shanghai during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 as it incurred
net loss in the periods. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the restricted amount as determined pursuant to PRC statutory laws totaled
 . 

and , respectively. 

F- 33 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of the equity interests
of Genexosome, which is not under the Company s control. 

percent of consolidated net assets as of the end of the most recently completed
fiscal year. For purposes of this test, restricted net assets of consolidated subsidiary shall mean that amount of the Company s
proportionate share of net assets of consolidated subsidiary (after intercompany eliminations) which as of the end of the most recent
fiscal year may not be transferred to the parent company by subsidiary in the form of loans, advances or cash dividends without the consent
of a third party. 

of the consolidated net assets of
the Company, therefore, the condensed financial statements for the parent company have not been required. 

or more of the Company s revenues for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

B 

C 

D 

or more of the Company s
total outstanding rent receivable and rent receivable related party at December 31, 2022, accounted for of the Company s
total outstanding rent receivable and rent receivable related party at December 31, 2022. 

or more of the Company s
total outstanding rent receivable and rent receivable related party at December 31, 2021, accounted for of the Company s
total outstanding rent receivable and rent receivable related party at December 31, 2021. 

or more of the Company s purchase during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F- 34 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Medical related consulting services 
 -

Total 

Costs and expenses 

Real property operations 

Medical related consulting services 
 -

Total 

Gross profit 

Real property operations 

Medical related consulting services 
 -

Total 

Other operating expenses 

Real property operations 

Medical related consulting services 

Corporate/Other 

Total 

Other (expense) income 

Interest expense 

Corporate/Other 

Total 

Other income (expense) 

Real property operations 

Medical related consulting services 

Corporate/Other 

Total 

Total other expense, net 

Net loss 

Real property operations 

Medical related consulting services 

Corporate/Other 

Total 

F- 35 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 19 SEGMENT INFORMATION
(continued) 

Medical related consulting services 

Corporate/Other 

Total 

China 

Total 

, of which is still owed. Further, on October 25, 2017, Genexosome entered into and
closed an Asset Purchase Agreement with Dr. Zhou, pursuant to which the Company acquired all assets, including all intellectual property
and exosome separation systems, held by Dr. Zhou pertaining to the business of researching, developing and commercializing exosome technologies.
In consideration of the assets, Genexosome paid Dr. Zhou in cash, transferred shares of common stock of the Company to
Dr. Zhou and issued Dr. Zhou 400 shares of common stock of Genexosome. Further, the Company had not been able to realize the financial
projections provided by Dr. Zhou at the time of the acquisition and has decided to impair the intangible asset associated with this acquisition
to zero. Dr. Zhou was terminated as Co-CEO of Genexosome on August 14, 2019. Further, on October 28, 2019, Research Institute at Nationwide
Children s Hospital Research Institute filed a Complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District
of Ohio Eastern Division against Dr. Zhou, Li Chen, the Company and Genexosome with various claims against the Company and Genexosome.
The criminal proceedings against Dr. Zhou and Li Chen have been concluded. The Company, Genexosome and the Research Institute entered
into a Settlement Agreement dated June 7, 2022 (the Settlement Date whereby the Company agreed to pay the Research Institute
 on each of the sixty-day, one year and two-year anniversaries of the Settlement Date. In August
2022, the Company paid to Research Institute. As of December 31, 2022, the accrued litigation settlement amounted to .
The Company s management determine the likelihood of payment for pre-tax profit is remote. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligation: 

Operating lease 
 -

F- 36 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 20 COMMITMENTS
AND CONTINCENGIES (continued) 

Operating
Leases Commitment (continued) 

Weighted average discount rate 

2024 and thereafter 
 -

Total lease payments 

Amount of lease payments representing interest 

Total present value of operating lease liabilities 

Current portion 

Long-term portion 
 -

Total 

by Unicorn
and by Avalon Shanghai. Within five years of execution of the Joint Venture Agreement, Unicorn shall invest cash into Epicon in an
amount not less than RMB (approximately million) and the premises of the laboratories of Nanjing Hospital of Chinese Medicine
for exclusive use by Epicon, and Avalon Shanghai shall invest cash into Epicon in an amount not less than RMB (approximately
 million). Epicon is focused on cell preparation, third party testing, biological sample repository for commercial and scientific
research purposes and the clinical transformation of scientific achievements. As of December 31, 2022, Avalon Shanghai has contributed
RMB (approximately million) that was included in equity method investment on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
The Company intends to use its present working capital together with borrowings from related party and equity raises to fund the project
cost. 

by Avactis and by Arbele. 

of Avactis
for the purpose of the Company and Arbele establishing a joint venture in the United States and the parties agreed that they would no
longer pursue AVAR as a joint venture. Further, all rights and obligations under the AVAR Agreement were assigned by Avactis to Avalon
and by Arbele to Arbele Biotherapeutics. Avactis established Avactis Nanjing Biosciences Ltd., a wholly owned foreign entity in the PRC.
Further, the parties agreed that the Exclusive Patent License Agreement dated January 3, 2019 entered between Arbele, as licensor, and
AVAR, as licensee (the Arbele License Agreement ), was assigned to Avactis and Avalon and Arbele agreed to enter into a new
Arbele License Agreement with Avactis on the same/similar terms as the Arbele License Agreement. Further, Dr. Anthony Chan was appointed
to the Board of Directors of Avactis and as the Chief Scientific Officer of Avactis. Avactis purpose and business scope is to research,
research, develop, produce, sell, distribute and generally commercialize CAR-T/CAR-NK/TCR-T/universal cellular immunotherapy globally. 

F- 37 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 20 COMMITMENTS
AND CONTINCENGIES (continued) 

Joint Venture Avactis Biosciences Inc. (continued) 

million (or equivalent in RMB) in cash and/or services, which shall be contributed in tranches based on milestones to
be determined jointly by Avactis and the Company in writing subject to the Company s cash reserves. Within 30 days, Arbele Biotherapeutics
shall make contribution of million in the form of entering into a License Agreement with Avactis granting Avactis with an exclusive
right and license in China to its technology and intellectual property pertaining to CAR-T/CAR-NK/TCR-T/universal cellular immunotherapy
technology and any additional technology developed in the future with terms and conditions to be mutually agreed upon the Company and
Avactis and services. As of the date hereof, the License Agreement has not been finalized. 

(approximately million) for working capital purposes as required by local regulation, which is not required to be contributed immediately and will be contributed subject to the Company s discretion; 

as a research and development fee with an additional two payments of (for a total of to be paid upon mutually agreed upon milestones. 

to Arbele Biotherapeutics as research and development fee. 

million line of credit (the Line
of Credit from Wenzhao Lu (the Lender ), a significant shareholder and director of the Company. The Line of Credit
allows the Company to request loans thereunder and to use the proceeds of such loans for working capital and operating expense purposes
until the facility matures on December 31, 2024. The loans are unsecured and are not convertible into equity of the Company. Loans drawn
under the Line of Credit bears interest at an annual rate of and each individual loan will be payable three years from the date of
issuance. The Company has a right to draw down on the line of credit and not at the discretion of the related party Lender. The Company
may, at its option, prepay any borrowings under the Line of Credit, in whole or in part at any time prior to maturity, without premium
or penalty. The Line of Credit Agreement includes customary events of default. If any such event of default occurs, the Lender may declare
all outstanding loans under the Line of Credit to be due and payable immediately. As of December 31, 2022, was outstanding under the
Line of Credit. 

F- 38 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 20 COMMITMENTS
AND CONTINCENGIES (continued) 

of all the issued and outstanding equity interests of the Laboratory
Services MSO (the Purchased Interests ), free and clear of all liens (the Transaction ). 

of the total issued and outstanding equity interests
of Laboratory Services MSO for the purchase price of (i) in cash and (ii) the issuance of an additional shares of Series
B Preferred Stock valued at , in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the Amended MIPA. 

F- 39 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of the issued and outstanding units of Laboratory Services MSO, as described above; (iii) allocating the profits
and losses of Laboratory Services MSO among the parties to the agreement; and (iv) providing for the management rights of the members. 

shares
of its common stock for services rendered and to be rendered. These shares were valued at , the fair market values on the grant
dates using the reported closing share prices on the dates of grant. 

million
line of credit (the Line of Credit from Wenzhao Daniel Lu (the Lender ), a significant shareholder
and director of the Company. Under the Line of Credit, the Company received a loan from the Lender of in March 2023. Loans drawn
under the Line of Credit bear interest at an annual rate of and each individual loan will be payable from the date of issuance.
The Company may, at its option, prepay any borrowings under the Line of Credit, in whole or in part at any time prior to maturity, without
premium or penalty. 

F-40 

<EX-4.9>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-9_avalon.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED UNDER SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Exhibit 4.9 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934 

The following summary, which
includes applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), describes material provisions
of the capital stock of Avalon GloboCare Corp we , us or the Company and
is intended as a summary only and therefore is not a complete description of our capital stock. The description of our capital stock and
provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws, (the Bylaws ), are summaries and are qualified entirely by reference to the Certificate
of Incorporation and Bylaws, which are included as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, of which this Exhibit 4.9 is a part. You
should review these documents for a description of the rights, restrictions and obligations relating to our capital stock. 

General 

We have one class of securities
registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which is our common
stock, par value 0.0001 per share. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation
authorizes us to issue up to five hundred million (500,000,000) shares of capital stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of which (i) four
hundred ninety million (490,000,000) shares are designated as common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and (ii) five million (5,000,000)
shares are designated as preferred stock, which includes (x) 15,000 shares that have been designated as Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock, at a stated value equal to 1,000 per share, and (y) 15,000 shares that have been designated as Series B Convertible Preferred
stock, at a stated value equal to 1,000 per share, the terms of which are to be determined, from time to time, by our board of directors. 

Common Stock 

Dividends. 

The holders of our common
stock are entitled to receive, ratably, out of the funds legally available, any dividends only if, and as declared by our board of directors,
or a duly authorized committee of our board of directors, subject to any preferential dividend or other rights of the then outstanding
preferred stock. 

Voting Rights. 

Each share of common stock
entitles the holders of our common stock to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote by our stockholders, including the election
of directors; provided, that, unless otherwise required by law, holders of our common stock are not entitled to vote on any amendment
to our Certificate of Incorporation (or on any amendment to a certificate of designations of any series of undesignated preferred stock)
that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of our preferred stock, if the holders of such affected series are
entitled, either separately or together as a class with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to our
Certificate of Incorporation. Holders of our common stock do not have cumulative voting rights. 

Rights Upon Liquidation
and Dissolution. 

In the event of a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of our common stock are entitled to receive, ratably, the net assets of the Company
available for distribution to our stockholders after the payment of all debts and other liabilities and subject to any preferential or
other rights of any then outstanding preferred stock. 

Other Rights. 

Holders of our common
stock have no preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of common
stock are subject to and may be adversely affected by the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that we
may designate and issue in the future. 

Preferred Stock 

In accordance with our Certificate
of Incorporation, our board of directors is authorized to direct us to issue shares of undesignated preferred stock in one or more series
without stockholder approval. Our board of directors has the discretion to determine the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions,
including voting rights, dividend rights, conversion rights, repurchase rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences, of
each series of preferred stock. 

The purpose of authorizing
our board of directors to issue preferred stock and determine its rights and preferences is to eliminate delays associated with a stockholder
vote on specific issuances. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions, future
financings and other corporate purposes, could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third-party to acquire, or could discourage
a third-party from seeking to acquire, a majority of our outstanding voting stock. 

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. 

Dividends. 

The holders of our Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, and the Company shall pay, dividends on shares of Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock equal (on an as-if-converted-to-common-stock basis, disregarding for such purpose any conversion limitations set forth in the Certificate
of Designation of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Certificate of Designation to and in the
same form as dividends actually paid on shares of the Company s common stock when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of
the common stock. No other dividends shall be paid on shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. The Company will not pay any dividends
on its common stock unless the Company simultaneously complies with the terms set forth in the Series A Certificate of Designation. 

Voting Rights. 

The holders of our Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock will have no voting rights, except as otherwise required by the DGCL. Notwithstanding the foregoing, as
long as any shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Company shall not, without the affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, (a) alter or
change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock in the Series A Certificate of Designation,
(b) increase the number of authorized shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, (c) authorize or issue an additional class or series
of capital stock that ranks senior to the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock with respect to the distribution of assets on liquidation
or (d) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing. 

2 

Rights Upon Liquidation
and Dissolution. 

In the event of a
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock will be entitled to
receive out of the assets available for distribution to the stockholders, (i) after and subject to the payment in full of all
amounts required to be distributed to the holders of another class or series of stock of the Company ranking on liquidation prior
and in preference to the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, (ii) ratably with any class or series of stock ranking on liquidation
on parity with the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and (iii) in preference and priority to the holders of the shares of the
Company s common stock, an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of the stated value of the Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock, and no more, in proportion to the full and preferential amount that all shares of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
are entitled to receive. The Company shall mail written notice of any liquidation not less than twenty (20) days prior to the
payment date stated therein, to each holder of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. 

Conversion. 

Each share of our Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock shall be convertible in accordance with the Series A Certificate of Designation and the Nasdaq Stock Market
Listing Rules, at the option of the holder, into that number of shares of common stock (subject to the limitations set forth in Series
A Certificate of Designations, determined by dividing the stated value of such share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock by the conversion
price set forth in the Series A Certificate of Designation. The holders of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock may effect conversions
by providing us with the form of conversion notice attached as Annex A to the Series A Certificate of Designation. The holders may convert
such shares into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price per share equal to the greater of (i) one dollar 10.00)
and (ii) ninety percent (90 of the closing price of the Company s common stock on Nasdaq on the day prior to receipt of a conversion
notice, subject to adjustment for stock splits and similar matters. In addition, following the initial conversion date, the holder agrees
that it will not be entitled to in any calendar month, sell a number of conversion shares into the open market in an amount exceeding
more than ten percent (10 of the number of conversion share issuable upon conversion of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock then
held by such holder. 

Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. 

Dividends. 

The holders of our Series
B Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, and the Company must pay, dividends on the shares of our Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock equal (on an as-if-converted-to-common-stock basis, disregarding for such purpose any conversion limitations set forth in the Series
B Certificate of Designation, as defined below) to and in the same form as dividends actually paid on shares of the Company s common stock when,
as and if such dividends are paid on shares of the common stock. No other dividends will be paid on shares of Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock. We will not pay any dividends on our common stock unless the Company simultaneously complies with the terms set forth in the Certificate
of Designation of our Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series B Certificate of Designation ). 

3 

Voting Rights. 

The holders of our Series
B Convertible Preferred Stock will have no voting rights, except as otherwise required by the DGCL. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in
addition, as long as any shares of our Series B Convertible Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Company shall not, without the affirmative
vote of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class,
(a) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock in the Series B Certificate
of Designation, (b) increase the number of authorized shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, (c) except with respect to the Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock, authorize or issue an additional class or series of capital stock that ranks senior to the Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock with respect to the distribution of assets on liquidation or (d) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing. 

Rights Upon Liquidation
and Dissolution. 

In the event of a liquidation,
the holders of our Series B Convertible Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive out of the assets available for distribution to stockholders,
(i) after and subject to the payment in full of all amounts required to be distributed to the holders of another class or series of stock
of the Company ranking on liquidation prior and in preference to the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, including the Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock, (ii) ratably with any class or series of stock ranking on liquidation on parity with the Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock and (iii) in preference and priority to the holders of the shares of common stock, an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of the stated value and no more, in proportion to the full and preferential amount that all shares of the Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock are entitled to receive. The Company shall mail written notice of any such liquidation not less than twenty (20) days prior to the
payment date stated therein, to each holder of our Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. 

Conversion. 

Each share of our Series B
Convertible Preferred Stock shall be convertible in accordance with the Series B Certificate of Designation and the Nasdaq Stock Market
Listing Rules, at the option of the holder, into that number of shares of common stock (subject to the limitations set forth in Series
B Certificate of Designation determined by dividing the stated value of such share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock by the conversion
price of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock). Holders of our Series B Convertible Preferred Stock may effect conversions by providing
the Company with the form of conversion notice attached as Annex A to the Series B Certificate of Designation. The Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock will be convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price per share equal to 3.78, subject
to the adjustments set forth in the Series B Certificate of Designation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the holders of our Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock shall not, directly or indirectly, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any Series B Convertible Preferred Stock issued
upon conversion of the conversion shares or pursuant to the Equity Earnout Payment (the Restricted Securities without
Company s prior written consent; provided, however, that, the holders of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock may sell, transfer
or otherwise dispose of Restricted Securities to an Affiliate, as defined in the Amended MIPA, of a holder of Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock without Company s prior written consent; provided, further, that such holder provide us with prompt written notice of such
transfer, including the name and contact information of the Affiliate transferee, and such Affiliate transferee agrees in writing to be
bound by the terms of the transaction documents contemplated by the Amended MIPA to which the holder of the Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock is a party (which agreement shall also be provided to Company with such notice). After the expiration of that certain Lock-Up period,
the holder of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock agrees that it and any of its Affiliate transferees shall not be entitled to in
any calendar month, sell a number of shares of Company common stock into the open market in an amount exceeding more than ten percent
(10 of the total number of shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of the Company common stock then held by SCBC Holdings
LLC and its affiliates. 

4 

Effects of Authorized but Unissued Stock 

Our authorized but unissued
shares of common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuance without stockholder approval, subject to any limitations
imposed by the listing requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market. These additional shares may be used for a variety of corporate finance
transactions, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred
stock could make it more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger
or otherwise. In addition, if we issue preferred stock in the future, the issuance could adversely affect the voting power of holders
of our common stock and the likelihood that such holders will receive dividend payments and payments upon liquidation. 

Anti-Takeover Provisions 

The DGCL, our Certificate
of Incorporation and our Bylaws contain provisions that could have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another party from
acquiring control of us. The purpose of these provisions, which are summarized below, is to discourage coercive takeover practices and
inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of the Company to first negotiate
with our board of directors. 

Special Meetings. 
Except as otherwise required by statute and subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any series of our undesignated preferred
stock, special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the board of directors acting pursuant to a resolution approved by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the Directors then in office. The order of business and all other matters of procedure at any meeting
of the stockholders will be determined by a presiding officer designated by our board of directors. 

Removal
of Directors. Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that our directors may be removed only by the affirmative vote of a majority
of the voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock then entitled to vote at an election of directors. In addition, at least
forty-five (45) days prior to any annual or special meeting of stockholders at which it is proposed that a director be removed from office,
written notice of such proposed removal and the alleged grounds thereof must be sent to the director whose removal will be considered
at the meeting. 

Stockholder Action by
Written Consent. Any action that is permitted to be taken by our stockholders by written consent without a
meeting must first satisfy the requirements and procedures set forth in our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws. 

Advance Notice Requirements
for Stockholder Proposals. Our Bylaws establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be
brought before an annual meeting of stockholders, including proposed nominations of persons for election to our board of directors. Stockholders
at an annual meeting are only able to consider proposals or nominations specified in the notice of meeting or brought before the meeting
by or at the direction of our board of directors or by a stockholder of record on the record date for the meeting who is entitled to vote
at the meeting and who has delivered timely written notice in proper form to our secretary of the stockholder s intention to bring
such business before the meeting. These provisions could have the effect of delaying until the next stockholder meeting stockholder actions
that are favored by the holders of a majority of our outstanding shares entitled to vote. 

Delaware Business Combination
Statute. We are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL. Subject to certain exceptions, Section 203 of the DGCL
prevents a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with any interested stockholder 
for three (3) years following the date that the person became an interested stockholder, unless the interested stockholder attained such
status with the approval of our board of directors or unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A business
combination includes, among other things, a merger or consolidation involving us and the interested stockholder and
the sale of more than ten percent (10 of our assets. In general, an interested stockholder is any entity or person beneficially
owning fifteen percent (15 or more of our outstanding voting stock and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled
by such entity or person. 

5 

Amendment of Certificate
of Incorporation and Bylaws. The DGCL provides generally that the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares
entitled to vote on any matter is required to amend a corporation s certificate of incorporation or by-laws, unless a corporation s
certificate of incorporation or by-laws, as the case may be, requires a greater percentage. Our Bylaws may be amended or repealed by the
affirmative vote of a majority vote of our board of directors then in office or the affirmative vote of the holders of at least seventy
five percent (75 of the voting power of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on such amendment or repeal, voting as a single class;
provided, however, that if our board of directors recommends that stockholders approve such amendment or repeal at such meeting of stockholders,
such amendment or repeal will only require the affirmative vote of the majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares entitled
to vote on such amendment or repeal, voting together as a single class. In addition, the Company reserves the right to amend or repeal
the Certificate of Incorporation in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute and by the Certificate of Incorporation, and any
rights conferred upon the stockholders in the Certificate of Incorporation are granted subject to this reservation. Whenever any vote
of the holders of our capital stock is required to amend or repeal any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, and in addition
to any other vote of holders of capital stock that is required by the Certificate of Incorporation or by law, such amendment or repeal
will require the affirmative vote of the majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote on such
amendment or repeal, and the affirmative vote of the majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of each class entitled to
vote thereon as a class, at a duly constituted meeting of stockholders called expressly for such purpose. 

Exclusive Forum Selection. Our
Bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware
shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting
a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, stockholder or other employee of the Company to the Company or the
Company s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Company governed by the internal
affairs doctrine. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Company shall
be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of our exclusive forum selection as set forth in our Bylaws under Exclusive
Jurisdiction of Delaware Courts . Although our Bylaws contain the choice of forum provision described above, it is possible
that a court could rule that such a provision is inapplicable for a particular claim or action or that such provision is unenforceable. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

Vstock Transfer LLC is presently the transfer agent
and registrar for our common stock. 

Listing 

Our common stock has been
listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol ALBT since November 10, 2022. Our common stock was listed on the Nasdaq
Capital Market under the symbol AVCO from November 5, 2018 through the close of business on November 9, 2022. 

6 

</EX-4.9>

<EX-10.50>
 3
 f10k2022ex10-50_avalon.htm
 CONSULTING AGREEMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 9, 2023, BY AND BETWEEN LABORATORY SERVICES MSO, LLC AND SARAH COX

Exhibit 10.50 

CONSULTING
AGREEMENT 

This
Consulting Agreement (the Agreement dated February 9, 2023 (the Effective Date ), is made by
and between Laboratory Services MSO, LLC (the Company with an address at 4400 Route 9 South, Suite 3100, Freehold,
New Jersey 07728 and Sarah Cox, with an address at 2549 Eastbluff Drive, #750, Newport Beach, California 92660 Consultant ). 

1. Services .
 The Company hereby engages Consultant and Consultant hereby agrees to render certain services set forth on Schedule A (the
 Services during the Term upon the terms and conditions hereinafter. The Company and Consultant understand and agree
that this Agreement is not assignable without the other party s prior written consent. Consultant shall not engage in any specific
Services on Company s behalf without prior written direction and approval. 

2. Term
of Agreement . The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue unless either party terminates
this Agreement upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party (the Term ). If Consultant s service
is terminated for any reason, the Company shall have no further obligation to make any payments to Consultant hereunder except for payments
that had accrued and earned under the terms of Section 3(a) but had not been paid prior to the date of termination; provided that
no amounts shall be payable under Section 3(b). 

3. Consulting Fees . During the Term, Consultant: 

a. Shall
 be paid a consulting fee at the rate of 30,000 per month, payable by the Company on a bi-weekly
 basis; 

b. Shall
 receive reimbursement for reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses incurred in connection
 with the Services, provided that Consultant provides reasonable documentation therefor to
 Company. Consultant must obtain written pre-approval from Luisa Ingargiola or her successor/designee
 for any out-of-pocket expenses in excess of 5,000 per month. 

4. Duties .
Consultant shall render the Services conscientiously and devote her best efforts and abilities thereto, and shall perform the Services
at such times and locations as are reasonably convenient to Consultant and the Company. Consultant shall observe all applicable policies
and directives promulgated from time to time by the Company for independent contractors. 

5. Independent
Contractor . It is expressly agreed that Consultant is acting solely as an independent contractor in providing the Services
hereunder. Neither party to this Agreement has any authority to bind or commit the other without that party s prior written
consent nor will either party s acts or omissions be deemed the acts of the other. The Company shall carry no workers 
compensation insurance or any health or accident insurance to cover Consultant. The Company shall not pay any contributions to
Social Security, unemployment insurance, international, federal, state, or local withholding taxes, or provide any other
contributions or benefits that might be expected in an employer-employee relationship and Consultant expressly waives any right to
such participation or coverage. The Company will prepare and file IRS Form 1099 with regard to payments made to Consultant
under this Agreement. Consultant will be solely responsible for any federal, state and local income taxes. 

6. Company
Property . It is expressly understood that all files, customer data, lists of names, contracts, digital assets, samples, price
books, supplies, undelivered merchandise, all invoices (whether or not due and payable), and all other information and items which have
come into Consultant s possession (including those provided to Consultant by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their
respective customers, prospective customers, suppliers and vendors) or been created by Consultant in connection with the performance
of the Services Company Property ), shall be immediately delivered to the Company by Consultant upon expiration
of the Term or earlier termination of this Agreement, regardless of the reason, and the Consultant also agrees not to retain any memoranda
or copy of Company Property. All Company Property, including items developed or generated by Consultant, belongs exclusively to the Company.
All Company Property that is developed or generated by Consultant in connection with the performance of the Services will be deemed work
for hire and belong solely to the Company from conception. To the extent such Company Property is found not to be a work for hire,
Consultant irrevocably assigns to the Company all of her right, title and interest to that Company Property. 

7. Representations
and Warranties of Consultant . Consultant hereby represents and warrants that: (a) Consultant has the requisite power and authority
to execute and perform this Agreement; (b) this Agreement constitutes the valid and binding obligation of Consultant enforceable against
Consultant according to its terms, except as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws of
general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights, and as limited by general principles of equity that restrict the
availability of equitable remedies; (c) Consultant s execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement do not and will not
violate the terms of any existing agreement or understanding to which Consultant is or becomes a party or by which Consultant is or becomes
bound or any judgment, order or decree to which Consultant is subject; (d) Consultant is not, and will not become, subject to any restrictions
that would otherwise prohibit Consultant from performing the Services or which would enable another person or entity to claim any rights
in or to data or information developed by Consultant, if any, (whether developed alone or with others) pursuant to this Agreement; and
(e) Consultant will comply with all applicable laws in performing Consultant s obligations hereunder. 

8. Confidentiality .
While performing the Services, Consultant may develop or acquire knowledge of confidential information relating to the Company, its
business, potential business or that of its clients (hereafter Confidential Company Information ).
 Confidential Company Information includes all trade secrets, technical, operating, financial, and other
business information, whether or not reduced to writing or other medium and whether or not marked or labeled confidential,
proprietary or the like, specifically including, but not limited to, information regarding actual or prospective client and investor
lists, costs, plans, materials, enhancements, research, specifications, works of authorship, techniques, documentation, models and
systems, sales and pricing techniques, designs, inventions, discoveries, products, improvements, modifications, methodology,
processes, concepts, records, files, memoranda, reports, plans, proposals, price lists, customer, client, and supplier lists and
information, product development and project procedures. Confidential Company Information does not include (a) general skills,
experience, or information that is generally available to the public, other than information that has become generally available as
a result of Consultant s direct or indirect act or omission, or (b) information that is required to be disclosed pursuant to
any applicable law, regulation, judicial or administrative order or decree, or request by any other regulatory organization having
authority pursuant to law; provided, however, that Consultant shall have first given prompt written notice to the Company to afford
it a reasonable opportunity to obtain a protective order requiring that the Confidential Company Information not be disclosed and,
in the event such protective order is not obtained, Consultant shall disclose only that portion of the Confidential Company
Information that Consultant is legally obligated to disclose. With respect to Confidential Company Information: 

a. Consultant
 will use Confidential Company Information only in the performance of the Services for the
 Company. Consultant will not use Confidential Company Information at any time for its own
 personal benefit, for the benefit of any other individual or entity, or in any manner adverse
 to the interests of the Company or its clients; 

b. Consultant
 will not disclose Confidential Company Information at any time (during or after Consultant s
 engagement by the Company) except to authorized Company personnel, unless the Company consents
 in advance in writing or unless the Confidential Company Information indisputably becomes
 of public knowledge or enters the public domain (other than through Consultant s direct
 or indirect act or omission); 

c. Consultant
 will safeguard the Confidential Company Information by all reasonable steps and abide by
 all policies and procedures of the Company in effect from time to time regarding storage,
 copying, destruction, and handling of documents; 

d. Consultant
 acknowledges that the Company may be required to sign non-disclosure or confidentiality agreements
 with clients, prospective clients, and other third parties in which the Company agrees that
 its employees and agents will not disclose Confidential Company Information of such clients,
 prospective clients, or other third parties. By executing this Agreement, Consultant acknowledges
 and agrees that the Company may rely, and will rely, on this Agreement for purposes of entering
 into such other agreements. Further, Consultant will execute and abide by all confidentiality
 agreements reasonably requested by the Company s clients, prospective clients, and
 other third parties; 

e. Consultant
 will return all materials containing and/or relating to Confidential Company Information,
 together with all other property of the Company and its clients to the Company when Consultant s
 consulting relationship with the Company terminates or otherwise on demand and, at that time
 Consultant will certify to the Company, in writing, that Consultant has complied with this
 Agreement. Consultant will not retain any copies or reproductions of correspondence, memoranda,
 reports, notebooks, drawings, photographs, databases, diskettes, or other documents or electronically
 stored information of any
kind relating in any way to the business, potential business or affairs of the Company and its clients; and 

f. Consultant
 acknowledges that it will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state
 trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret if it (a) makes such disclosure in
 confidence to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly,
 or to an attorney and such disclosure is made solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating
 a suspected violation of law; or (b) such disclosure was made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding if such filing is made under seal. Further, an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the employer's trade secrets to the attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding if the individual: (i) files any document containing the trade secret under seal; and (ii) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 

9. Intellectual
Property Rights . To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, all material, documentation, deliverables, and other
tangible expressions of information including but not limited to, software programs and software documentation, designs, technical data,
formulae, and processes, whether in final production or draft, which result from any work performed by Consultant, providing the Services
under this Agreement, or any extension or renewal thereof, shall be deemed to belong to the Company, and all rights, title, and interest,
including any copyright, patent rights, and all other intellectual property rights, shall belong exclusively to the Company (the Work
Product ). Without limiting the foregoing, the Company shall have all right, title, and interest in the Work Product, including
the exclusive right to obtain and hold in its own name copyrights, registrations, and other appropriate statutory protections and Consultant
shall not have or receive any rights of any kind therein. Consultant agrees to cooperate with the Company (at the Company s expense)
to obtain any further assignments, copyrights, patents, and such other statutory protections as may be available under law. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, Consultant shall not be deemed to have assigned her rights in an invention to the Company if the invention
was developed by Consultant entirely on her own time without using any equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information of
the Company or any of its Affiliates except for those inventions that either (a) relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice
of the invention to the Company s business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the Company; or (b)
result from any work performed by Consultant for the Company. 

10. Obligations
to Others . Consultant represents and warrants that Consultant does not have any agreement with, or duty to, any previous employer
or other person or entity that would prevent, limit, or inhibit Consultant from performing the Services under this Agreement. Consultant
agrees not to use any proprietary or confidential information belonging to any other person or entity in performing the Services or disclose
any proprietary or confidential information belonging to any other person or entity to the Company or its clients. 

11. Time
Commitment; Service to Other Clients . Nothing herein shall restrict Consultant from performing services to other clients and
it is acknowledged and agreed that in Consultant s capacity as an independent contractor, Consultant has other clients for whom
Consultant will work. 

12. Non-Disparagement .
 Consultant agrees that during the Term and all times thereafter, Consultant shall not disparage the reputation of the Company, its
products or services, or any of its officers, directors, employees, or representatives. 

13. Waiver .
 The failure of either of the parties to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not be deemed or construed
to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way affect the validity of this Agreement or any provision hereof or the right of
either of the parties to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any breach of any of the provisions
of this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument executed by the party against whom or which enforcement
of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach. 

14. Capacity
of Parties . Each party hereby represents and warrants to the other party that: (a) it has full power, authority and capacity
to execute and deliver this Agreement, and to perform its obligations hereunder, (b) such execution, delivery and performance will not
(and with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both would not) result in the breach of any agreements or other obligations to which
it is a party or otherwise bound and (c) this Agreement is valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with its
terms. 

15. Indemnification .
Each party Indemnifying Party shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the other party against any and all losses,
damages, liabilities, deficiencies, claims, actions, judgments, settlements, interest, awards, penalties, fines, costs, or expenses of
whatever kind, including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs, relating to any claim of a third party arising out of or occurring in
connection with: (a) bodily injury, death of any person or damage to real or tangible, personal property resulting from Indemnifying
Party s willful, fraudulent or negligent acts or omissions; or (b) Indemnifying Party's negligence, willful misconduct, or material
breach of this Agreement. 

16. Assignment .
Consultant shall not voluntarily or by operation of law assign her obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent
of the Company. Any attempted assignment or transfer by Consultant of his/her/its obligations without such consent shall be wholly void. 

17. Notice .
Any notice required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be sufficient only if in writing sent to the address for such party as is
set forth in the caption of this Agreement. 

18. Governing
Law; Jurisdiction . The Parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement has been expressly negotiated and that the
Consultant has received the advice of counsel as required under California Labor Code Section 925 in agreeing to the forum and
choice of law of a state other than California. Any and all actions or controversies arising out of this Agreement, including,
without limitation, tort and contract claims, shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of
Delaware, without regard to the choice of law principles thereof. The parties agree to the exclusive forum of the state and federal
courts located in Delaware with regard to any dispute regarding this Agreement, Consultant s performance or failure to perform
the Services hereunder, or any other matter. The parties hereby knowingly, voluntarily and irrevocably waive any right to trial by
jury of any issue, claim or dispute arising from or in any way relating to this Agreement and the relationship and dealings of the
parties with respect to this Agreement. 

19. Survivorship .
The respective rights and obligations of the parties under this Agreement shall survive any termination of this Agreement to the extent
necessary to the intended preservation of such rights and obligations. 

20. Entire
Agreement . This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes
all agreements and understandings (whether oral or written) between the parties concerning the subject matter hereof. This Agreement
may be modified by the parties hereto only by a written supplemental agreement executed by both parties. 

21. Binding
Agreement . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the Company and its successors and assigns (including, without limitation,
the purchaser of all or substantially all of its assets) and shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns. 

22. Severability .
If any term or provision of this Agreement shall be found to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, the same shall not invalidate the
whole of this Agreement, but such term or provision shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary by the adjudication to render such
term or provision enforceable, and the rights and obligations of the parties shall be construed and enforced accordingly, preserving
to the fullest extent permissible the intent and agreements of the parties set forth in this Agreement. 

23. Counterparts .
This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, by facsimile and electronic signatures, and by signatures delivered electronically, each
of which will be deemed an original and all of which together will constitute one instrument. 

(Signature
page follows) 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed
this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

LABORATORY SERVICES MSO, LLC 

By: 
 /s/ Luisa Ingargiola 

Name: 
 Luisa Ingargiola 

Title: 
 Manager 

[Signature Page to Consulting Agreement] 

CONSULTANT: 

By: 
 /s/ Sarah Cox 

Sarah Cox 

[Signature Page to Consulting Agreement] 

Schedule
A 

Services: 

1. General
 overview, supervision and advice regarding the business, sales, compliance and operations
 of the MSO and/or its affiliates and/or subsidiaries. 

2. Research,
 analysis, advice and recommendations regarding the strategic direction, business development
 and growth of the MSO and/or its affiliates and/or subsidiaries; 

3. Other
 projects and topics as may be mutually agreed upon with senior management from time to time. 

</EX-10.50>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex23-1_avalon.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the
Registration Statement of Avalon GloboCare Corp. on Form S-8 (File No. 333-251196) of our report dated March 30, 2023, which included
an explanatory paragraph as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, with respect to our audits of the consolidated
financial statements of Avalon GloboCare Corp. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the two years in the period ended December
31, 2022, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Avalon GloboCare Corp. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

Marcum llp 

 New York, NY 

 March 30, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-1_avalon.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Dr. David K. Jin, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, of Avalon GloboCare Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By 
 /s/ Dr. David K. Jin 

Name: 
 Dr. David K. Jin 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex31-2_avalon.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Luisa Ingargiola, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, of Avalon GloboCare Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
 statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
 information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
 flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
 for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
 internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit
 committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By 
 /s/ Luisa Ingargiola 

Name: 
 Luisa Ingargiola 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-1_avalon.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the
Annual Report on Form 10-K of Avalon GloboCare Corp. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Dr. David K. Jin, the Chief Executive Officer
and President, of the Company, do hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and belief that: 

(1) the Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) the information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Dr. David K. Jin 

Dr. David K. Jin 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 f10k2022ex32-2_avalon.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the
annual report on Form 10-K of Avalon GloboCare Corp. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Luisa Ingargiola, the Chief Financial Officer,
of the Company, do hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
to the best of my knowledge and belief that: 

(1) the Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) the information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Luisa Ingargiola 

Luisa Ingargiola 

Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 avco-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 avco-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 avco-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 avco-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 avco-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

